<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-K_edgar_data_1435064_0001493152-24-052491.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12348279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>324682</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2093293</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3908755</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2576634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3122484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-052491.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230162044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-052491
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CEMTREX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435064
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37464
		FILM NUMBER:		241590112

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		276 GREENPOINT AVE. BLD 8 SUITE 208
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631 756 9116

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		276 GREENPOINT AVE. BLD 8 SUITE 208
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-052491.txt : 20241230

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

. , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 Emerging
 growth company 

Smaller
 reporting company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

As
of March 28, 2024, the number of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 483 and the aggregate
market value based on the average bid and asked price of 8,799 on March 28, 2024. 

As
of December 23, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

CEMTREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX 

Page 

Part I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item
 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 28 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

Part II 

Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 35 

Part III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item
 14 
 Pricipal Accountatnt Fees and Services 
 45 

Part IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 

2 

Part
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities
Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Any statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, other than statements of historical fact, including statements about management s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking
statements and should be evaluated as such. These statements are made on the basis of management s views and assumptions regarding
future events and business performance. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our
intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future activities or other future
events or conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business based, in part,
on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ materially from what is expressed
or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from
time to time in this report, including the risks described under Risk Factors and any risks described in any other filings
we make with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an on-going basis,
we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets, right-of-use asset valuation, bad debts,
goodwill impairment, inventory obsolescence, income tax valuation, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Cemtrex,
Inc. was incorporated in 1998 in the state of Delaware and has evolved through strategic acquisitions and internal growth into a leading
multi-industry company. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to we , our , us ,
 Company , registrant , Cemtrex or management refer to Cemtrex, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Security 

Cemtrex s
Security segment operates under the brand of its majority owned subsidiary, Vicon Industries, Inc. Vicon ), which provides
end-to-end security solutions to meet the toughest corporate, industrial and governmental security challenges. Vicon s products
include browser-based video monitoring systems and analytics-based recognition systems, cameras, servers, and access control systems
for every aspect of security and surveillance in industrial and commercial facilities, federal prisons, hospitals, universities, schools,
and federal and state government offices. Vicon provides innovative, mission critical security and video surveillance solutions utilizing
Artificial Intelligence (AI) based data algorithms. 

Industrial
Services 

Cemtrex s
Industrial Services segment operates under the brand, Advanced Industrial Services AIS ), which offers single-source expertise
and services for rigging, millwrighting, in plant maintenance, equipment erection, relocation, and disassembly to diversified customers.
AIS installs high precision equipment in a wide variety of industrial markets like automotive, printing and graphics, industrial automation,
packaging, and chemicals, among others. AIS is a leading provider of reliability-driven maintenance and contracting solutions for machinery,
packaging, printing, chemical, and other manufacturing markets. The focus is on customers seeking to achieve greater asset utilization
and reliability to cut costs and increase production from existing assets, including small projects, sustaining capital, turnarounds,
maintenance, specialty welding services, and high-quality scaffolding. 

3 

Recent
Developments 

Common
Stock Reverse Stock Split 

On
October 2, 2024, the Company completed a 60:1 reverse stock split on its common stock, and on November 26, 2024, The Company completed
a 35:1 reverse stock split on its common stock. All share and per share data have been retroactively adjusted for the reverse splits. 

Nasdaq
Notices for Listing Deficiencies 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock listed on Nasdaq was below
 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer met the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), requiring a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share (the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement ). On January 26, 2023, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq
notifying the Company that, it had been granted an additional 180 days or until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum
Bid Price Requirement based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all
other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company s
written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
On September 8, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel Panel informing the Company that the
Panel has granted the Company a temporary exception to regain compliance with The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s Nasdaq 
or the Exchange Listing Rule 5555(a)(1) (the Bid Price Rule by no later than January 19, 2024. The Company
has announced a special meeting of Series 1 Preferred Stock shareholders was scheduled for December 26, 2023, to approve the reverse
stock split. On December 26, 2023, the meeting was adjourned to December 29, 2023, due to insufficient votes represented by proxy or
virtually in person to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Special Meeting. On December 29, 2023, there were still
insufficient votes represented by proxy or virtually in person to constitute a quorum thus the resolution did not pass. 

On
January 5, 2024, and January 12, 2024, the Company bought back an aggregate of 71,951 shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock for 69,705
under the Share Repurchase Program approved on August 22, 2023, that allows the Company to repurchase shares of the Series 1 Preferred
Stock through various means, including through privately negotiated transactions and through an open market program. On April 8, 2024,
these shares were cancelled. The Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock was delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market on January 22,
2024. The Series 1 Preferred Stock is now quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol CETXP . Nasdaq filed a Form 25 on March
21, 2024, and the deregistration of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act became effective
for 90 days after filing of the Form 25. 

On
June 14, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company
that, because the closing bid price for the Company s common stock listed on Nasdaq was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading
days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5550(a)(2), requiring a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share. The notification letter also disclosed that in the event the Company
does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by December 11, 2024, the Company may be eligible for additional time.
To qualify for additional time, the Company would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and
would need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. 

On
August 21, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company
that, because the stockholder s equity for the Company was below 2,500,000 as reported on our Form 10-Q for the period ended June
30, 2024, the Company no longer meets the minimum shareholder s equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(b)(1), requiring a minimum stockholder s equity of 2,500,000 (the Minimum Stockholder s
Equity Requirement ). 

4 

On
October 23, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq that it had been granted an extension to regain compliance with the Minimum
Stockholder s Equity Requirement. 

The
terms of the extension are as follows: on or before February 17, 2025, the Company must complete the submitted plan and opt for one of
the two following alternatives to evidence compliance with the Rule: 

Alternative
1 : The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report (e.g., a Form 8-K) including: 

1. 
 A
 disclosure of Staff s deficiency letter and the specific deficiency(ies) cited; 

2. 
 A
 description of the completed transaction or event that enabled the Company to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement
 for continued listing; 

3. 
 An
 affirmative statement that, as of the date of the report, the Company believes it has regained compliance with the stockholders 
 equity requirement based upon the specific transaction or event referenced in Step 2; and 

4. 
 A
 disclosure stating that Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity
 requirement and, if at the time of its next periodic report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Alternative
2: The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report including: 

1. 
 Steps
 1 2 set forth above; 

2. 
 A
 balance sheet no older than 60 days with pro forma adjustments for any significant transactions or event occurring on or before the
 report date. The pro forma balance sheet must evidence compliance with the stockholders equity requirement; and 

3. 
 A
 disclosure that the Company believes it also satisfies the stockholders equity requirement as of the report date and that
 Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity requirement and, if at
 the time of its next periodic report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Regardless
of which alternative the Company chooses, if the Company fails to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the March 31,
2025, with the SEC and Nasdaq, the Company may be subject to delisting. 

May
2024 Equity Financing 

On
May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., in connection with a firm commitment underwritten
public offering (the Offering ), providing for the issuance of (i) 554,705 units (the Common Units ), each
consisting of one share of common stock of the Company Common Stock ), a warrant to purchase one share of common stock
at an exercise price of 0.85 per share, which warrant will expire on the two-and-a-half year anniversary of the original issuance date
(the Series A Warrants ), and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.85 per share, which
warrant will expire on the five-year anniversary of the original issuance date (the Series B Warrants and (ii) 11,210,000
pre-funded units (the Pre-funded Units ), each consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of common stock
(the Pre-funded Warrants ), a Series A Warrant and a Series B Warrant. The purchase price of each Unit was 0.85, and the
purchase price of each Pre-Funded Unit was 0.849. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time
until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 

In
addition, the Company granted the Underwriter a 45-day option to purchase additional 1,764,705 shares of common stock and/or Pre-Funded
Warrants, representing up to 15 of the number of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants sold in the Offering, and/or additional 1,764,705
Series A Warrants representing up to 15 of the Series A Warrants sold in the Offering, and/or additional 1,764,705 Series B Warrants
representing up to 15 of the Series B Warrants sold in the Offering to cover over-allotments, if any. The Offering closed on May 3,
2024. An aggregate of 11,764,705 Units (which includes 554,705 shares of common stock) and 11,210,000 Pre-Funded Units (which includes
11,210,000 Pre-Funded Warrants) were sold in the Offering. On May 3, 2024, the Underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option
with respect to 1,764,705 Series A Warrants and 1,764,705 Series B Warrants. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company were approximately
 10,035,293, before deducting underwriting discounts and other issuance expenses of 995,333 recorded under the caption General
and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The underwriting discounts and other issuance
expenses were expensed since the Series A, Series B, and Pre-Funded Warrants were each determined to be liabilities and recorded at their
fair value. 

5 

May
2024 Warrants 

The
Company evaluated the Series A, Series B, and Prefunded Warrants (collectively, the Warrants in accordance with the
guidance at ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined that the
Warrants did not meet the definition a liability under ASC 480, and the warrants are precluded from being considered indexed to the
entity s own stock under ASC 815, resulting in the Warrants being classified as a liability. The fair value of the Series A
Warrants was determined based on the stock price on issuance of 0.277 multiplied by the total number of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Series A alternative cashless exercise. Under the alternative cashless exercise, the Holder is
entitled to receive three times the normal number of shares issued in a cash exercise. The Series A Holder may only execute the
alternative cashless exercise after Stockholder Approval (and received June 17, 2024); at the time of issuance, Stockholder Approval
was deemed perfunctory and almost certain to occur, and the most likely settlement option would be through the alternative cashless
exercise. In addition, beginning on the date of the Warrant Stockholder Approval, the Warrants will contain a reset of the exercise
price to a price equal to the lesser of (i) the then-current exercise price and (ii) lowest volume weighted average price for the
five trading days immediately preceding and immediately following the date we effect a reverse stock split in the future with a
proportionate adjustment to the number of shares underlying the Warrants. As such, upon issuance, the total fair value of the Series
A Warrants was 11,242,940, which was based on 40,588,230 common shares issuable under the alternative cashless exercise. The
measurement of fair value of the Series B Warrants were determined utilizing a Black-Scholes model considering all relevant
assumptions current at the date of issuance (i.e., share price of 0.277, exercise price of 0.85, term of five years, volatility of
132 , risk-free rate of 4.5 , and expected dividend rate of 0 ). The grant date fair value of these Series B Warrants was estimated
to be 2,942,711 on May 3, 2024, and such
warrants were classified as liabilities. Due to the nominal exercise price, the fair value of the Prefunded Warrants was
based on the intrinsic value of each Warrant on the grant date. The intrinsic value was calculated based on the May 3, 2024, stock
price of 0.277 and the strike price of 0.001, resulting in a total fair value of 3,105,170. The total fair value of the Warrants
upon issuance was 17,290,821. Given that the gross proceeds received of 10,035,293 was less than the total fair value of the
liability classified Warrants, the Company recorded a loss on excess fair value of 7,255,528 at issuance. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
focus is to utilize our resources and capabilities to build brands and businesses in areas where we see unique opportunities to create
exceptional value for our customers, shareholders, and employees over the long term. We aim to grow in markets where we see significant
long-term opportunity to create an attractive return on shareholder equity. Generally, these markets are high growth markets that are
changing due to innovation, new technologies, or other industry shifts taking place. In these markets we seek to build or acquire businesses
that have attractive gross margins, strong opportunities for customer retention, and are not capital intensive. We take a long-term approach
with our strategies and seek returns over five years or longer time horizons. 

We
believe our ability to attract and retain new customers comes from our ongoing commitment to understanding our customers business
performance requirements and our expertise in meeting or exceeding these requirements and enhancing their competitive advantage through
cutting edge technology. We work closely with our customers from an operational and senior executive level to achieve a deep understanding
of our customer s goals, challenges, strategies, operations, and products to ultimately provide the best solutions for them. 

We
continue to seek and execute additional strategic acquisitions and focus on expanding our products and services as well as entering new
markets. We believe that the diversity of our products and services and our ability to deliver full solutions to a variety of end markets
provides us with multiple sources of income and growth and a competitive advantage relative to other players in the industry. We constantly
look for opportunities to gain new customers and penetrate geographic locations and end markets or acquire new product or service opportunities
through acquisitions that are operationally and financially beneficial for the Company. 

Suppliers 

The
Company is not solely dependent on, nor expects to become overly dependent on, any one or a limited number of suppliers. The Company
also utilizes sub-suppliers and third-party vendors to procure from or fabricate its components based on its design, engineering, and
specifications. The Company also enters into subcontracts for field installation, which the Company supervises; and the Company manages
all technical, physical and commercial aspects of the performance of the Company contracts. 

6 

Competition 

The
Company competes on the basis of price, engineering and technological expertise, know-how and the quality of its products, systems and
services. Additionally, the Company s management believes that the successful delivery, installation and performance of the Company s
products and services is a key factor in gaining business as customers typically prefer to make significant purchases from a company
with a solid performance history. 

The
Company obtains virtually all its contracts through competitive bidding. Although price is an important factor and may in some cases
be the governing factor, it is not always determinative, and contracts are often awarded on the basis of the efficiency or reliability
of products and services, past performance records, and the engineering and technical expertise of the bidder. Several companies market
products that compete directly with Company s products. Other companies offer products that potential customers may consider to
be acceptable alternatives to Company s products and services. 

Intellectual
Property 

Over
the years, the Company has developed proprietary technologies that give it an edge in competing with its competitors. Thus, the Company
relies on a combination of trade secrets and know-how to protect its intellectual property. The Company currently has multiple patents
and patent claims that it owns. Cemtrex continues to invest in research and development with the intention of developing proprietary
technology and intellectual property as allowed by its financial resources. 

Sales
and Marketing 

The
Company sales strategies vary across its businesses and depending on the brand, relies on direct sales force, manufacturing representatives,
distributors, integrators and installers, word of mouth or referrals, commission sales agents, magazine advertisements, internet advertising,
trade shows, trade directories and catalogue listings, e-commerce, to market its products and services. Our sales are global in nature,
but predominantly focused on the US market presently. The Company s arrangements with sales representatives accord each a defined
territory or market within which to sell some or all of its products and systems, provide for the payment of agreed-upon sales commissions
or wholesale pricing and are terminable at will. The Company s sales representatives do not have authority to execute contracts
on the Company s behalf. 

The
Company s sales representatives also serve as an ongoing liaison function between the Company and its customers during the installation
phase of the products and systems and address customers questions or concerns arising thereafter. The Company selects representatives
based upon industry reputation, prior sales performance including number of prospective leads generated and sales closure rates, and
the breadth of territorial coverage, among other criteria. 

Technical
inquiries received from potential customers are referred to the engineering personnel. Thereafter, the Company s sales and engineering
personnel jointly prepare a budget proposal, or a final bid. The period between initial customer contact and issuance of an order is
generally between two and twelve months. 

Customers 

The
Company s principal customers in its Security segment are generally system integrators or channel partners who then sell our products
and solutions to our end customers, including government agencies or commercial businesses. Historically, most of the customers have
purchased individual products or systems which, in many instances, operate in conjunction with products and systems supplied by others.
The Company is responsible for the design, production, supply, and delivery of products to its customers. In order to satisfy customer
orders, in both segments, the Company must consistently meet production deadlines and maintain a high standard of quality. 

The
Company s principal customers in its Industrial Services segment include businesses engaged in manufacturing, chemical, packaging,
printing, electronics, automotive, construction, and metallurgical processing. No one single customer accounts for more than 10 of its
annual sales. 

7 

Insurance 

The
Company currently maintains different types of insurance, including general property coverage, and directors and officers 
insurance. The Company also maintains product liability insurance with respect to its products and equipment. Management believes that
the insurance coverage that it has is adequate for its current business needs. 

Employees 

The
Company employs approximately 264 full-time employees and approximately 17 part-time employees as of the date of this Annual Report,
including 58 engaged in engineering, 140 in manufacturing and field service and 83 in administrative, sales and marketing functions.

Government
Regulation 

The
Company s operations are subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to, among others,
environmental, waste management, labor and health and safety matters. Management believes that the Company s business is operated
in material compliance with all such regulations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price
can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of
these risks materialize from time to time, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be
materially and adversely affected. 

Because
of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s results of operations and financial condition, past
financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical
trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. This discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. 

You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including
the consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K, with respect
to any investment in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock
could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as
of the date of this report (unless another date is indicated) and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the statements in light
of future development. 

Risks
Related to Macroeconomics Conditions and International Operations 

Our
operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and
currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for our products
and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and
monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors. 

In
addition to an adverse impact on demand for our products and services, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic
conditions can have a significant impact on our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, and other channel
partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations;
and insolvency. 

Adverse
economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectability risk on our trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties
and other financial institutions; limitations on our ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of
our financial instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
and stock price. 

8 

Our
business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health
issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions. 

Political
events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues (such as COVID-19), industrial
accidents and other business interruptions can harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy and could have a material
adverse effect on us and our customers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, and other channel partners. 

Restrictions
on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely
affect our operations and supply chain and limit our ability to offer and distribute products and services to customers. The impact can
be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where we derive a significant portion of our
revenues and/or have significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can require us to take various actions, including changing
suppliers and restructuring business relationships. Changing our operations in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international
trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance
notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. For example, tensions between governments,
including the U.S. and China, have in the past led to tariffs and other restrictions being imposed on our business. If disputes and conflicts
further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive and could materially
adversely affect our business. Political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international disputes could also have a negative effect
on consumer confidence and spending, which could adversely affect our business. 

Many
of our operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of our suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations
that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. In addition, such operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption
by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware
and other cybersecurity attacks , labor disputes, public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic,
and other events beyond our control. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters, such as droughts, floods,
hurricanes and wildfires, occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Such events can make it difficult or impossible for
us to manufacture and deliver products to our customers, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply and manufacturing chain, and
result in slowdowns and outages to our product and service offerings, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected
areas. Following an interruption to our business, we can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume
operations, and lose significant sales. 

Our
operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at our suppliers and contract manufacturers. While our suppliers are
required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries
or loss of life, disruption to our business, and harm to our reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the
COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, us due to their impact on the global
economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions
and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions; and disruptions in our operations, supply chain and
sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and
delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services. 

Volatility
in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
international operations accounted for approximately 5.9 of our net sales in 2024. We are exposed to the effects (both positive and
negative) that fluctuating exchange rates have on translating the financial statements of our international operations, most of which
are denominated in local currencies, into the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand and reported profits
in our international operations. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our
products, along with other local costs incurred in foreign countries for foreign entities with U.S. dollar functional currency. As a
result, fluctuating exchange rates may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

9 

Our
business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by compliance with import and export laws. 

We
must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the import and export of products, services and technology from the U.S. and
other countries having jurisdiction over our operations, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners
and other persons. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products,
services, and technologies and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item.
The length of time required by the licensing processes can vary, potentially delaying the shipment of products or performance of services
and the recognition of the corresponding revenue. In addition, failure to comply with any of these regulations could result in civil
and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products
and services and damage to our reputation. Moreover, any changes in export control or sanctions regulations may further restrict the
export of our products or services, and the possibility of such changes requires constant monitoring to ensure we remain compliant. Any
restrictions on the export of our products or product lines could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results
of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our
international operations subject us to many different and complex laws and rules, and we may face difficulty in compliance. 

Due
to our international operations, we are subject to many laws governing international relations (including but not limited to the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, the U.S. Export Administration Act the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and the U.K. Modern Anti-Slavery
Act); which prohibit improper payments to government officials and restrict where and how we can do business, what information or products
we can supply to certain countries, what personal information we can transfer, and what information we can provide to a non-U.S. government.
Although we have procedures and policies in place that should mitigate the risk of violations of these laws, there is no guarantee that
they will be sufficiently effective. If, and when we acquire new businesses, we may not be able to ensure that the pre-existing controls
and procedures meant to prevent violations of the rules and laws were effective, and we may not be able to implement effective controls
and procedures to prevent violations quickly enough when integrating newly acquired businesses. Acquisitions of new businesses in new
non-U.S. jurisdictions may also subject us to new regulations and laws, and we may face difficulties ensuring compliance with these new
requirements. 

Risks
Related to our Financial Condition 

The
report of our independent registered public accounting firm contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company has incurred substantial losses of 7.2 million and 9.2 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, and working capital
of 8.1 million as at the end of fiscal 2024, that raise substantial doubt with respect to the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

While
our working capital and current debt indicate a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern,
the Company has historically, from time to time, satisfied and may continue to satisfy certain short-term liabilities through the issuance
of common stock, thus reducing our cash requirement to meet our operating needs. The Company has approximately 3.9 million in cash as
of September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company has (i) secured a line of credit for its Vicon brand to fund operations, which as of
September 30, 2024, has available capacity of 1.9 million, and a line of credit for its AIS brand with a 3.5 million capacity that
has not been drawn upon, (ii) continually reevaluate our pricing model on our Vicon brand to improve margins on those products and introducing
new innovative products to grow revenues, (iii) raised approximately 9.0 million in net proceeds through our May 2024 equity financing
and anticipate an additional 5 to 10 million when the Series B warrants are exercised, and (iv) subsequent to the balance sheet date
has effected a 60:1 and a 35:1 reverse stock split on our common stock to remain trading on the Nasdaq Capital Markets, and improve our
ability to potentially raise capital through equity offerings that we may use to satisfy debt. In the event additional capital is raised
through equity offerings and/or debt is satisfied with equity, it may have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. While the
Company believes these plans if successful, would be sufficient to meet the capital demands of our current operations for at least the
next twelve months, there is no guarantee that we will succeed. Overall, there is no guarantee that cash flow from our existing or future
operations and any external capital that we may be able to raise will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs. The Company currently
does not have adequate cash or available liquidity/available capacity on our lines of credit to meet our long-term needs and our above
plans in the short term may prove to be inadequate to continue as a going concern. Thus, despite our cash on hand, our ability to draw
on our credit line, or changes to our pricing models, and other safeguards, we may be unable to meet our obligations as they become due
over the next twelve months beyond the issuance date . 

10 

There
is no guarantee that cash flow from operations and/or debt and equity financings will provide sufficient capital to meet our expansion
goals working capital needs or fund our operations. 

Our
current strategic plan includes the expansion of our company both organically and through acquisitions if market conditions and competitive
conditions allow. Due to the long-term nature of investments in acquisitions and other financial needs to support organic growth, including
working capital, we expect our long-term and working capital needs to periodically exceed the short-term fluctuations in cash flow from
operations. We anticipate that we may need to raise additional external capital from the sale of common stock, preferred stock and debt
instruments as market conditions may allow, in addition to cash flow from operations (which may not always be sufficient), to fund our
growth and working capital needs. 

In
the event that we need to raise significant amounts of external capital at any time or over an extended period, we face a risk that we
may need to do so under adverse capital market conditions with the result that our existing shareholders, as well as persons who acquire
our common stock, may incur significant and immediate dilution should we raise capital from the sale of our common or preferred stock.
Similarly, we may need to meet our external capital needs from the sale of secured or unsecured debt instruments at interest rates and
with such other debt covenants and conditions as the market then requires. However, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to
raise external capital on terms that are reasonable in light of current market conditions. In the event that we are not able to do so,
those who acquire our common stock may face significant and immediate dilution and other adverse consequences. Further, debt covenants
contained in debt instruments that we issue may limit our financial and operating flexibility with consequent adverse impact on our common
stock market price. 

We
have a history of losses and may experience losses in the future, which could result in the market price of our common stock declining. 

We
have incurred net losses, including net losses attributable to Cemtrex, Inc. shareholders of 7.2 million in 2024, 9.2 million in 2023,
and 13.0 million in 2022. We have an accumulated deficit of 71.4 million as of September 30, 2024. We expect to continue to incur significant
product development, sales and marketing and administrative expenses. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenues to achieve
profitability. We cannot be certain that we will achieve profitability in the future or, if we achieve profitability, to sustain it.
If we do not achieve and maintain profitability, the market price for our common stock may decline, perhaps substantially. 

The
Company is exposed to credit risk, market risk, and fluctuations in the value of its investment portfolio. 

The
Company may, from time to time invest excess cash that the Company has on hand in large cap securities listed on major exchanges, including
stocks and options. The Company s investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results,
market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. 

Although
we have not recognized any material losses related to our cash equivalents, short-term investments, or long-term investments, future
declines in the market values of such investments could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. As a
result, the value and liquidity of the Company s cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially.
Therefore, although the Company has not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, future
fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial condition
and operating results. 

We
have substantial debt which could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations and prevent us from meeting
our obligations under outstanding indebtedness. 

As
of September 30, 2024, our total indebtedness was approximately 21.05 million, including notes payable of 12.4 million, revolving
line of credit of 3.1 million, mortgage payable of 3.3 million, bank loans of 2.2 million, and 0.05 million of PPP loans. By
comparison, as September 30, 2023, our total indebtedness was approximately 24.4 million, including notes payable of 18.1 million,
mortgage payable of 3.4 million, vendor financed purchase of 0.7 million, bank loans of 1.3 million, and 0.9 million of PPP
loans. For 2024 and 2023 approximately 7.9 million and 14.5 million, respectively, of such debt is classified as current. This
substantial debt could have important consequences, including the following: (i) a substantial portion of our cash flow from
operations may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for
operations, future business opportunities and capital expenditures; (ii) our ability to obtain additional financing for working
capital, debt service requirements and general corporate purposes in the future may be limited; (iii) we may face a competitive
disadvantage to lesser leveraged competitors; (iv) our debt service requirements could make it more difficult to satisfy other
financial obligations; and (v) we may be vulnerable in a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business and we may be
unable to carry out activities that are important to our growth . 

11 

Our
ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, or to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness depends on and is subject
to our financial and operating performance, which in turn is affected by general and regional economic, financial, competitive, business
and other factors beyond management s control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt or to fund
our other liquidity needs, we will need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, which could impair our liquidity. Any
refinancing of indebtedness, if available at all, could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants
that could further restrict our business operations. Despite our significant amount of indebtedness, we may need to incur significant
additional amounts of debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial debt. 

Our
ability to secure and maintain sufficient credit arrangements is key to our continued operations and there is no assurance we will be
able to obtain sufficient additional equity or debt financing in the future. 

There
is no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew our credit agreements and other finance agreements in the future. In the event
our company grows rapidly, the uncertain economic climate continues, or we acquire one or more other companies, additional financing
resources will likely be necessary in the current or future fiscal years. As a smaller public company with a limited ability to attract
and obtain financing, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient additional equity or debt financing in the future
on terms that are reasonable in light of current market conditions. 

Risks
Related to our Business 

We
are substantially dependent upon the success and continued market acceptance of our technology, the absence of which may significantly
reduce our sales, profits and cash flow and adversely impact our financial condition. 

Competing
technologies may be offered by both existing competitors or by those that enter the market, and these competing technologies may offer
a better cost-benefit ratio than our products and/or at lower prices with the result that our sales, profits, and cash flow may suffer
significantly over an extended period with serious adverse impact on our financial condition. 

We
have taken a multi-operational approach, and some of our business segments have historically failed to benefit our company to date, and
there remains a risk that our remaining segments may not prove to be successful. We may divest or expand into new areas that are outside
of our current business activities and those activities may not prove to be successful. 

We
continuously assess the composition of our portfolio businesses to ensure it is aligned with our strategic objectives and positioned
to maximize growth and return in the coming years. Since our business concerns new and developing technologies, and many of these endeavors
fail, some of the businesses in our portfolio may not be successful in generating sufficient revenue to be a viable option for our company. 

Currently,
the Company has the following business segments, consisting of (i) Security and (ii) Industrial Services. In addition, there is Cemtrex
Corporate, which reports unallocated corporate expenses. Within these segments there are a number of technologies that we are pursuing,
as discussed in this annual report under Item 1. Business. There is a risk that one or more of our technologies will not
be successful in generating revenue to sustain the expenditures associated with its existence. Moreover, having multiple business segments
may present challenges, such as fluctuations in our operating results, using the company s limited resources on less worthy business
pursuits, and distracting management from obtaining its goals with respect to our overall operations. If we are unable to establish our
technologies in the market, and overcome the challenges of doing so, we could go out of business. 

As
we continuously review our portfolio of businesses we may exit or enter into new business activities which may ultimately prove to be
unsuccessful. 

12 

Our
future operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development and marketing of new and improved products and
services through our Security segment, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully introduce new products and services into
the market. 

The
success of new and improved products and services through our Security segment depends on our research and development efforts and the
initial acceptance of our products and solutions by consumers. Our business is affected by varying degrees of technological change and
corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance
of being first to market with new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research and development, production
and/or marketing of new products and services due to lack of capital, which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us
from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market. 

Our
future operating results depends in part on the continued successful operation of our Industrial Services segment, and there can be no
assurance that we will be successful in this business. 

The
success of selling services through our Industrial Services segment depends on our ability to hire and retain talent, our ability to
market these services successfully to clients, the overall demand for these services, and the quality of our workmanship by our customers,
among other factors. Our business is affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand,
which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market with new products
and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the delivery of services due to lack of capital or lack of adequate talent,
which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to
continue to compete in our markets. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow our client base, establish sustainable revenues
and succeed overall. 

Our
results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control including but not limited
to: 

general
 economic conditions in the geographies and industries where we sell our services and conduct operations; legislative policies where
 we sell our services and conduct operations; 

the
 budgetary constraints of our customers; seasonality; 

success
 of our strategic growth initiatives; 

costs
 associated with the launching or integration of new or acquired businesses; 

timing
 of new product introductions by us, our suppliers and our competitors; product and service mix, availability, utilization and pricing; 

the
 mix, by state and country, of our revenues, personnel and assets; 

movements
 in interest rates or tax rates; 

changes
 in, and application of, accounting rules; 

changes
 in the regulations applicable to us; and 

litigation
 matters. 

As
a result of these factors, we may not succeed in our business, and we could go out of business. 

We
operate in a cyclical business, which could result in significant fluctuations in demand for our products. 

Cyclical
changes in our customers businesses have, in the past, resulted in, and may in the future result in, significant fluctuations
in demand for our products, selling prices, and our profitability. Most of our customers operate in cyclical industries. Their requirements
for our technologies fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in general economic conditions, technological changes, customer demand,
and other factors. During periods of increasing demand, our customers typically seek to increase their inventory of our products to avoid
production bottlenecks. When demand for their products peaks and begins to decline, as has happened in the past, they tend to reduce
or cancel orders for our products while they use up accumulated inventory. Business cycles vary somewhat in different geographical regions
and customer industries. Significant fluctuations in sales of our products affect our unit manufacturing costs and affect our profitability
by making it more difficult for us to predict our production, raw materials, and shipping needs. Changes in demand mix, needed technologies,
and end-use markets may adversely affect our ability to match our products, inventory, and capacity to meet customer demand and could
adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We are also vulnerable to general economic events or trends beyond our
control, and our sales and profits may suffer in periods of weak demand. 

13 

Our
sales and gross margins depend significantly on market demand for our products, as to which there can be no assurance. 

The
uncertainty in the United States and in the international economic and political environment could result in a decline in demand for
our products in any industry. Our gross margins are dependent upon our ability to maintain sales volumes at levels that allow us to cover
our fixed costs and variable costs per unit. To the extent that one or more product lines experience a significant and protracted decline
in sales volume, we may experience significant declines in our gross margins that may result in losses. Further, any adverse changes
in tax rates and laws affecting our customers could result in decreases in demand of our products and thus decrease our gross margins.
Any of these factors could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
these circumstances, we anticipate that we could be required to increase or decrease staffing and more closely manage other expenses
in order to meet the anticipated demand of our existing and future customers. Orders from our customers are subject to cancellation,
and delivery schedules from our customers fluctuate as a result of changes in our customers demand, thereby adversely affecting
our results of operations, and may result in higher inventory levels. Higher inventory levels may cause us to need greater external financing,
which adversely affects our financial performance. 

Our
products face intense competitive challenges, including rapid technological changes, and pricing pressure from competitors, which could
adversely affect our business. 

All
of our product lines are subject to significant competition from existing and future competitors, market conditions and technological
change, or a combination of them, and our sales revenues and gross margins may suffer protracted and serious declines with the result
that we would likely incur protracted losses. Further, the barriers to entry in several of our lines of business are not so significant
that we may be facing competition from others who see significant opportunities to enter the market and undercut our prices with products
that possess superior technological attributes at prices that offer our customers a better value. In this instance, we could incur protracted
and significant losses and persons who acquire our common stock would suffer losses thereby. 

From
time to time, we may need to reduce our prices in response to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain our market share. Competition
and customer pressures may also restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other input cost increases. Our
results of operations will suffer if profit margins decrease, as a result of a reduction in prices, increased input costs or other factors,
and if we are unable to increase sales volumes to offset those profit margin decreases. We may also need to increase spending on marketing,
advertising and new product innovation to protect existing market share or increase market share. The success of our investments is subject
to risks, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. As a result, our increased expenditures may not maintain or enhance
market share and could result in lower profitability. 

Factors
affecting the industries that utilize our products could negatively impact our customers and us. 

We
have no real control over factors affecting the industries that utilize our products and to the extent that any one or more of these
industries change dramatically, we may be facing significant financial challenges that are in excess of our existing capabilities. These
factors include: 

increased
 competition among our customers and their competitors; 

the
 inability of our customers to develop and market their products; 

recessionary
 periods in our customers markets; 

the
 potential that our customers products become obsolete; 

our
 customers inability to react to rapidly changing technology; and 

our
 customers inability to pay for our products, which could, in turn, affect the company s results of operations. 

14 

If
we are unable to develop new products, our competitors may develop and market products with better features that may reduce demand for
our existing and potential products or otherwise result in our products becoming obsolete and could materially and adversely affect our
ability to sustain profitability. 

There
are many larger competitors who compete directly with us and who have significantly greater financial, technological and research resources.
This may serve to severely damage our ability to market and sell our products at price levels that would allow us to achieve and maintain
profit margins and positive cash flow. 

We
are a smaller public company, and we face rapid technological change in many of our product markets and we may not be able to introduce
any successful new products or any enhancements to our existing products on a timely basis, or at all. This could result in prolonged
and significant losses. In addition, our introduction of new products could adversely affect sales of certain of our existing products
if these new products directly compete with our existing products. If our competitors develop innovative technologies that are superior
to our products or if we fail to accurately anticipate market trends and respond on a timely basis with our own innovations, we may not
achieve sufficient growth in its revenues to attain profitability or if we do, we may not be able sustain profitability. 

The
success of new product introductions is dependent on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, timely and successful development
of new products, including software development, market acceptance of these products and our ability to manage the risks associated with
these introductions. These risks include development and production capabilities, management of inventory levels to support anticipated
demand, the risk that new products may have quality defects in the early stages of introduction, and obsolescence risk of existing products. 

Developing
and maintaining a patent portfolio is an expensive and time-consuming process and there is no assurance the Company will successfully
develop patents to protect the intellectual property it is working on. 

We
are increasingly dependent on information technology, and if we are unable to protect against service interruptions, data corruption,
cyber-based attacks, or network security breaches our operations could be disrupted, and we could incur significant costs and reputational
harm as a result. 

We
rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic and financial
information; to manage a variety of business processes and activities; and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We
also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing and sales activities and for electronic communications
among our locations, personnel, customers, and suppliers around the world. Many of the information technology systems used by us globally
have been in place for many years and not all hardware and software are currently supported by vendors. These information technology
systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases
or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunication failures, user errors, or
catastrophic events. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown and our business continuity
plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations may
be materially affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. 

We
have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to various cyber-attacks. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business
or operations from these attacks or events. Any future significant compromise, breach, or misuse of our data security could result in
significant costs and damage to our reputation. The ever-evolving threats mean us and our third-party service providers must continually
evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire.
There is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security compromises, breaches, or misuses.
In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly
rigorous, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. 

Third-party
service providers, such as distributors, subcontractors, vendors, and data processors have access to certain portions of our sensitive
data. In the event that these service providers do not appropriately protect our data, the result could be a security breach or loss
of our data. Any such loss of data by our third-party service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business and results
of operations. 

In
addition, if we are unable to prevent security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the
unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our customers or suppliers. Furthermore, the disclosure of
non-public sensitive information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation
and brand image. 

15 

We
are also in the process of converting certain information technology networks and systems and consolidating certain global systems. If
such projects fail, or if unexpected technical difficulties arise, our operations and financial systems could be adversely affected.
Further, we could incur additional costs or require additional technical support to resolve such difficulties. 

Security
breaches, denial of service attacks, or other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems or other security breaches, including internal
security failures, could harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability, and adversely affect our business and financial
results. 

We
operate in an industry that is prone to cyberattacks. Failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure
of our data, customer data, or the data of their consumers, could result in the loss or misuse of such data, which could harm our business
and reputation. The security measures we have integrated into our internal networks and platforms are designed to prevent or minimize
security breaches but may not function as expected or may not be sufficient to protect our internal networks and platforms against certain
attacks. In addition, incidents can originate on our partners websites or systems, which can then be leveraged to access our website
or systems, further preventing our ability to successfully identify and mitigate an attack. Threat actors are rapidly evolving the techniques
used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to networks in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted. As a result,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to prevent an electronic intrusion into our
networks. While we have established cyberattack remediation plans to guide us in triaging and responding to such attacks, there can be
no assurance that the measures set forth under such plan will be adequate in all circumstances nor that they will be effective in mitigating,
or allowing us to recover from, the effects of such attacks. While we do not yet have specific insurance coverage and while we plan to
obtain coverage in the near future, any coverage we acquire may be insufficient to compensate us for all liabilities that we may incur. 

Our
customers storage and use of data to operate their businesses and deliver services to their consumers is essential to their use
of our platform, which stores, transmits and processes our customers proprietary information and personal information relating
to them, their employees and their consumers. If a security breach were to occur, as a result of third-party action, employee error,
breakdown of our internal security processes and procedures, malfeasance or otherwise, and the confidentiality, integrity or availability
of our customers data were disrupted, we could incur significant liability to our customers, to partners and to individuals whose
information was being stored by our customers, and our platform may be perceived as less desirable, which could negatively affect our
business and damage our reputation. 

Our
platform and third-party applications available on, or that interface with, our platform have been and, in the future, may be subject
to distributed denial of service attacks DDoS ), a technique used by hackers to take an internet service offline by overloading
its services. Since techniques used to deliver DDoS attacks are evolving, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures
or stop DDoS attacks or security breaches while they are occurring. We cannot guarantee that applicable recovery systems, security protocols,
network protection mechanisms and other procedures are or will be adequate to prevent network and service interruption, system failure
or data loss. In addition, computer malware, viruses, ransomware, extortion, and hacking and phishing attacks or social engineering incidents
by third parties are prevalent in our industry. Any actual or perceived DDoS attack or security breach could damage our reputation and
brand, expose us to a risk of litigation and possible liability and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond
to and/or alleviate problems caused by the DDoS attack or security breach. 

Moreover,
our platform and third-party applications available on, or that interface with, our platform could be breached if vulnerabilities in
our platform or third-party applications are exploited by unauthorized third parties or due to employee error, breakdown of our internal
security processes and procedures, malfeasance, or otherwise. If these third parties fail to adhere to adequate data security practices,
or in the event of a breach of their networks, our own and our customers data may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. Further,
threat actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords
or other information or otherwise compromise the security of our internal networks, electronic systems and/or physical facilities in
order to gain access to our data or our customers data. As a result of our increased visibility, the size of our customer base,
and the increasing amount of confidential information we process, we believe that we are increasingly a target for such breaches and
attacks. This threat may intensify in the event of retaliatory cyberattacks stemming from geopolitical events such as Russia s
invasion of Ukraine. In addition to our own platform and applications, some of the third parties we work with may receive information
provided by us, by our customers, or by our customers consumers through web or mobile applications. If these third parties fail
to adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our own and our customers data may
be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 

16 

Some
jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and authorities of data security breaches involving certain
types of personal or other data and our agreements with certain customers and partners require us to notify them in the event of a security
incident. Similarly, if our suppliers experience data breaches and do not notify us or honor their notification obligations to authorities
or users, we could be held liable for the breach. We may not be in a position to assess whether a data breach at one of our suppliers
would trigger an obligation or liability on our part. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, and may
cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. Moreover, if a high-profile security breach
occurs with respect to another SaaS provider, customers may lose trust in the security of the SaaS business model generally, which could
adversely impact our ability to retain revenue from existing customers or attract new ones. Similarly, if a high-profile security breach
occurs with respect to a retailer or eCommerce platform, customers may lose trust in eCommerce more generally, which could adversely
impact our customers businesses. Any of these events could harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability, and materially
and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our
operating results are sensitive to raw material and resale product availability, quality, and cost 

We
seek to have many sources of supply for each of our major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers.
However, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters, international trade tariffs, wars, pandemics,
disputes and or other events. Despite market price volatility for certain requirements and materials pricing pressures at some of our
businesses, the raw materials and various purchased components needed for our products have generally been available in sufficient quantities.
In some instances, lead times have extended beyond normal due to logistic delays and labor shortages occurring globally. Some of our
products, however, require the use of raw materials that are available from only a limited number of regions around the world, are available
from only a limited number of suppliers, or may be subject to significant fluctuations in market prices. Our results of operations may
be adversely affected if we have difficulty obtaining these raw materials, our key suppliers experience financial difficulties, the quality
of available raw materials deteriorates, or there are significant price increases for these raw materials. Our inability to recover increased
costs through increased sales prices could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. For periods in which the prices for these
raw materials rise, we may be unable to pass on the increased cost to our customers, which would result in decreased sales margins for
the products in which they are used. For periods in which prices for these raw materials decline, we may be required, as has occurred
in the past, to write down our inventory carrying cost of these raw materials and products. Depending on the extent of the difference
between market price and our carrying cost, the write-down could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
resell products manufactured by other component and interconnect product manufacturers. Should these manufacturers experience difficulties
supplying the products that we resell, or such suppliers use other channels to market their products, we could experience lower sales,
which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Legal Uncertainty 

We
could be subject to additional civil penalties or face criminal penalties and sanctions if we violate the terms of settlement with the
SEC. 

On
September 30, 2022, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by the Company, the SEC issued an order pursuant to Section 8A
of the Securities Act, directing the Company to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations
of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder (the SEC Order ). 

While
we have already paid the penalties imposed by the order into which we entered pursuant to the SEC Order, it contains ongoing and continuing
requirements that we refrain from violating the Securities Act. Any future violation of applicable securities laws by us or management
could result in harsher sanctions and fines, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plans.
SEC staff can make reasonable requests from us for further evidence of compliance. Such requests for further information, record-keeping
requirements and others generally could divert management s attention from implementing its business plans and could require additional
material expenditures by us to legal counsel or other advisors and service providers. Further issues could reduce investor and shareholder
confidence in our company and could result in a failure to execute on our business plan, which would negatively impact our business.
A copy of the SEC Order can be found at www.sec.gov . 

17 

Provisions
in the Delaware law and our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors or officers
for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Members
of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer,
except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Delaware law and our Bylaws. Accordingly, you may be unable to prevail
in a legal action against our directors or officers even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care. In addition, our Bylaws
allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting
in such capacities with us. This means that if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood,
we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be
required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

If
we fail to establish, maintain, and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our technology, our financial condition, results
of operations and business could be negatively impacted. 

Our
ability to establish, maintain and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our proprietary technologies, patents, patent
applications, software and other rights will be a significant factor in determining our future financial and operating performance. We
seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of patent, trade secret and copyright laws. We also use
confidentiality and other provisions in our agreements that restrict access to and disclosure of our confidential know-how and trade
secrets. 

We
have filed patent applications with respect to many aspects of our technologies. However, we cannot provide any assurances that any of
these applications will ultimately result in issued patents or, if patents are issued, that they will provide sufficient protections
for our technology against competitors. Although we have filed various patent applications for some of our core technologies, we currently
hold only six issued patents, with two in the United States and four in Canada, and we may face delays and difficulties in obtaining
our other filed patents, or we may not be able to obtain such patents at all. 

Outside
of these patent applications, we seek to protect our technology as trade secrets and technical know-how. However, trade secrets and technical
know-how are difficult to maintain and do not provide the same legal protections provided by patents. In particular, only patents will
allow us to prohibit others from using independently developed technology that are similar. If competitors develop knowledge substantially
equivalent or superior to our trade secrets and technical know-how or gain access to our knowledge through other means such as observation
of our technology that embodies trade secrets at customer sites which we do not control, the value of our trade secrets and technical
know-how would be diminished. 

While
we strive to maintain systems and procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of our trade secrets and technical know-how,
these systems and procedures may fail to provide an adequate degree of protection. For example, although we generally enter into agreements
with our employees, consultants, advisors, and strategic partners restricting the disclosure and use of trade secrets, technical know-how
and confidential information, we cannot provide any assurance that these agreements will be sufficient to prevent unauthorized use or
disclosure. In addition, some of the technology deployed at customer sites in the future, which we do not control, may be readily observable
by third parties who are not under contractual obligations of non-disclosure, which may limit or compromise our ability to continue to
protect such technology as a trade secret. 

Monitoring
and policing unauthorized use and disclosure of intellectual property is difficult. If we learned that a third party was in fact infringing
or otherwise violating our intellectual property, we may need to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation. Litigation
relating to our intellectual property may not prove successful and might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

18 

From
our customers standpoint, the strength of the intellectual property under which we control can be a critical determinant of the
value of our products and services. If we are unable to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property, it may become more difficult
for us to attract new customers. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
may not have sufficient financial resources to defend our intellectual property rights or otherwise successfully defend against claims
that we have infringed on a third party s intellectual property and, as a result, it may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Even
if such claims are not valid, they could subject us to significant costs. In addition, it may be necessary in the future to enforce our
intellectual property rights to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation may also be necessary
to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity by others. We may not have sufficient financial resources to defend our intellectual
property rights or otherwise to successfully defend the company against valid or spurious claims that we have infringed upon the intellectual
property rights of others. An adverse outcome in litigation or any similar proceedings could force us to take actions that could harm
its business. These include: (i) ceasing to sell products that contain allegedly infringing property; (ii) obtaining licenses to the
relevant intellectual property which we may not be able to obtain on terms that are acceptable, or at all; (iii) indemnifying certain
customers or strategic partners if it is determined that we have infringed upon or misappropriated another party s intellectual
property; and (iv) redesigning products that embody allegedly infringing intellectual property. Any of these results could adversely
and significantly affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the cost of defending or asserting
any intellectual property claim, both in legal fees and expenses, and the diversion of management resources, regardless of whether the
claim is valid, could be significant and lead to significant and protracted losses. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of our product or any future
products that we may develop. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the sale of our products and the future sale of planned products. We may
be sued if any of our products allegedly causes injury. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing,
defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability, and a breach of warranties. We
may also be subject to liability for a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide. If we cannot
successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product or planned products caused injuries, we may incur substantial liabilities.
Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our product or any planned products that we may develop; 

injury
 to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

significant
 costs to defend the related litigation and distraction to our management team; 

substantial
 monetary awards to plaintiffs; 

loss
 of revenue; and 

the
 inability to commercialize any future products that we may develop. 

Such
events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured parties, delay, negatively impact,
or end our opportunity to market those products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance
in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our product, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming
or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even
if successfully defended, could harm our business. 

We
currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, which may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. Insurance
coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to
satisfy any liability that may arise. 

19 

If
we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Ensuring that we have adequate internal
financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a
costly and time-consuming effort. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing
process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert
that our internal controls are effective. The identification of one or more material weaknesses would preclude a conclusion that we maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, there could continue to be a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded
that as of September 30, 2024, that our internal control over financial reporting were effective. 

We
are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. However, our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we are no longer an smaller reporting company. At such time, our independent
registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls
are documented, designed or operating. Our remediation efforts may not enable us to avoid a material weakness in the future. If we are
unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common
stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed,
the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

Risks
Related to Acquisitions 

We
have grown through acquisitions and are continuously looking to fund other acquisitions; our failure to raise funds for acquisitions
may have the effect of slowing down our growth and our use of funds for acquisitions subjects us to acquisition-related risks. 

We
intend to make acquisitions of complementary (including competitive) businesses, products and technologies. However, any future acquisitions
may result in material transaction costs, increased interest and amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets,
increased depreciation expense and increased operating expenses, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and
financial position. Acquisitions will require integration of acquired assets and management into our operations to realize economies
of scale and control costs. Acquisitions may involve other risks, including diversion of management attention that would otherwise be
available for ongoing internal development of our business and risks inherent in entering markets in which we have no or limited prior
experience. In connection with future acquisitions, we may make potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. In addition, consummation
of acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated business uncertainties, contingent liabilities or legal matters relating to those acquired
businesses for which the sellers of the acquired businesses may not fully indemnify us. There can be no assurance that our business will
grow through acquisitions, as anticipated. 

20 

We
may fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions or otherwise be unable to benefit from pursuing acquisitions. 

We
believe there are meaningful opportunities to grow through acquisitions and joint ventures across all product categories and we expect
to continue a strategy of selectively identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products. We may be unable to identify,
negotiate, and complete suitable acquisition opportunities on reasonable terms. There can be no assurance that any business acquired
by us will be successfully integrated with our operations or prove to be profitable to us. We may incur future liabilities related to
acquisitions. Should any of the following problems, or others, occur as a result of our acquisition strategy, the impact could be material: 

difficulties
 integrating personnel from acquired entities and other corporate cultures into our business; 

difficulties
 integrating information systems; 

the
 potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; 

the
 assumption of liabilities and exposure to undisclosed or unknown liabilities of acquired companies; or 

the
 diversion of management attention from existing operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Management and Control Persons 

The
loss of the services of Saagar Govil for any reason would materially and adversely affect our business operations and prospects. 

Our
financial success is dependent to a significant degree upon the efforts of Saagar Govil, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer. Saagar Govil possesses management, financial expertise, engineering, sales and marketing experience concerning our company that
our other officers do not have. We have not entered into an employment arrangement with Mr. Govil, and we have not obtained key man insurance
over him. There can be no assurance that Saagar Govil will continue to provide services to us. A voluntary or involuntary departure by
Saagar Govil could have a materially adverse effect on our business operations if we were not able to attract a qualified replacement
for him in a timely manner. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute
our business strategy effectively. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain, attract and motivate qualified personnel, including our management, sales and marketing,
finance, and especially our design and technical personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our design and
technical personnel represent a significant asset. Any inability to retain, attract or motivate such personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
management stockholders have significant stockholdings in and influence over our company which could make it impossible for public stockholders
to influence the affairs of our company. 

We
are a controlled company under Nasdaq Listing Rules. Approximately 90 of our outstanding voting shares, which includes
our common stock, Series C preferred stock and Series 1 preferred stock, are beneficially held by Saagar Govil, our Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to certificate of designation for our Series C preferred, each outstanding share of Series C Preferred
Stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the result of (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the time
of such vote multiplied by 10.01, and divided by (ii) the total number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
of such vote, at each meeting of our shareholders with respect to any and all matters presented to our shareholders for their action
or consideration, including the election of directors. As a result of Saagar Govil s ownership of our common stock, Series C preferred
stock, and Series 1 preferred stock, he controls, and will control in the future, substantially all matters requiring approval by the
stockholders of our company, including the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This could make
it impossible for public stockholders to influence the affairs of our company. 

Liability
of directors for breach of duty is limited under Delaware law. 

Our
certificate of incorporation limits the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides
that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors,
except for liability for any: 

breach
 of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

act
 or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases, or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
 Law; or 

transaction
 from which the directors derived an improper personal benefit. 

21 

These
limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities arising under the federal or state securities laws and do not affect the availability
of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 

Our
bylaws provide that we will indemnify for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law and may indemnify employees
and other agents. Our bylaws also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the
final disposition of any action or proceeding. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit to us and our stockholders. Our results
of operations and financial condition may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors
and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us,
we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and is therefore unenforceable. 

At
present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required
or permitted, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities and the Markets for Our Securities 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market and our Series 1 Preferred Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets. If our
stockholders sell substantial amounts of our securities in the public market, including the shares of common stock issuable upon the
exercise of our stock options, those under our 2020 Equity Compensation Plan, and shares issued as consideration in future acquisitions,
or the market perceives that such sales may occur, the market price of our securities could fall and we may be unable to sell our securities
in the future. 

Our
securities may experience extreme price and volume fluctuations, which could lead to costly litigation for us and make an investment
in us less appealing. 

The
market price of our securities may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including: 

our
 business strategy and plans; 

changing
 factors related to doing business in various jurisdictions within the United States; 

new
 regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines and timing of regulatory approvals; 

general
 and industry-specific economic conditions; 

additions
 to or departures of our key personnel; 

variations
 in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

changes
 in market valuations of other companies that operate in our business segments or in our industry; 

lack
 of trading liquidity; 

announcements
 about our business partners; 

intellectual
 property disputes; 

operating
 results below or exceeding expectations or period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results; 

whether
 we achieve profits or not; 

changes
 in accounting principles; and 

general
 market conditions, economic and other external factors. 

22 

The
market prices of the securities of early-stage companies, particularly companies like ours without consistent product revenues and earnings,
have been highly volatile and are likely to remain highly volatile in the future. This volatility has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. In the past, companies that experience volatility in the market price of their securities have often
faced securities class action litigation. Whether or not meritorious, litigation brought against us could result in substantial costs,
divert our management s attention and resources and harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have issued Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants in connection with the public offering completed in May 2024 that have provisions
that can increase the number of warrants and reduce the exercise price if we complete certain transactions. 

Our
public offering completed in May 2024 included Series A and Series B warrants Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants to purchase our common stock with initial exercise prices of 0.85 per share. As of December 2024, approximately 82,722 and 3,318,556
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, respectively, remain outstanding and the Series A Warrants have a current exercise price of
 3.1488 and the Series B Warrants have a current exercise price of 3.1488. Series A Warrants may be exercised on an alternative cash
basis where each warrant exercised will result in the Company issuing three shares of common stock. 

The
Series B Warrants provide, subject to certain exemptions, that if we sell or issue, any common stock or convertible securities, at an
effective price per share less than the exercise price of the Series B Warrant then in effect, or a Dilutive Issuance, the exercise price
of the Series B Warrant will be reduced to an amount equal to the lowest daily volume weighted average price VWAP during
the period commencing five consecutive trading days following the Dilutive Issuance and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of
the Series B Warrant shall be proportionally adjusted so that the aggregate exercise price of the Series B Warrant shall remain unchanged. 

Further,
if at any time on or after the date of issuance there occurs any share split, share dividend, share combination, recapitalization or
other similar transaction involving our common stock and the lowest daily VWAP during the five consecutive trading days prior to the
date of such event and the five consecutive trading days after the date of such event is less than the exercise price then in effect,
then the exercise price on the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants shall be reduced to the lowest daily VWAP during such period and
the number of warrant shares issuable shall be increased such that the aggregate exercise price payable thereunder, after taking into
account the decrease in the exercise price, shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price on the date of issuance. 

As
a result of the 1 for 60 reverse stock split we completed on October 2, 2024, the exercise price of approximately 12,059,879 Series A
Warrants were reset to 0.7466 and 13,529,410 Series B Warrants were reset to 0.7466 based on the lowest VWAP over the course of the
five day trading period and the new amount of Series A Warrants as of this date became approximately 13,766,999 million, and the new
amount of Series B Warrants as of this date became approximately 15,444,550. 

As
a result of the 1 for 35 reverse stock split we completed on November 26, 2024, the exercise price of approximately 1,201,932 Series
A Warrants were reset to 3.1488 and 15,444,550 Series B Warrants were reset to 3.1488 based on the lowest VWAP over the course of the
five day trading period and the new amount of Series A Warrants as of this date became approximately 284,225, and the new amount of Series
B Warrants as of this date became approximately 3,652,206. 

Further
adjustments to the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrant exercise price and number of warrants may occur if we complete any additional
transactions or complete another reverse stock split per the terms of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. 

Although
some of the holders of Series A and Series B Warrants have ownership limitations, if and when we do issue shares of common stock to holders
of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants upon the exercise by the holder, such stockholders may resell all, some or none of those
shares of common stock at any time or from time to time at their discretion. Resales of our common stock may cause the market price of
our securities to drop significantly, regardless of the performance of our business. 

23 

Provisions
of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants could discourage an acquisition of us by a third-party. 

Certain
provisions of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire us.
The Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions 
unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. These and
other provisions of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants could prevent or deter a third-party from acquiring us even where the
acquisition could be beneficial to you. 

The
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult
to effect a business combination. 

To
the extent we issue shares of common stock to effect a future business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number
of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued
and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, the
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring
a target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of a sale, of the shares of common stock underlying the Series A Warrants
and Series B Warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.
If and to the extent the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 

We
will likely not receive any additional funds upon the exercise of the Series A Warrants. 

The
Series A Warrants may be exercised by way of an alternative cashless exercise, meaning that the holder may not pay a cash purchase price
upon exercise, but instead would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of our common stock determined according to the
formula set forth in the Series A Warrants. Accordingly, we will likely not receive any additional funds upon the exercise of the Series
A Warrants. 

Our
Series 1 preferred stock and all of our existing and future indebtedness rank senior to our common stock in the event of a liquidation,
winding up or dissolution of our business. 

In
the event of our liquidation, winding up or dissolution, our assets would be available to make payments to holders of all existing and
future indebtedness and Series 1 preferred stock before payments to holders of our common stock. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation
or winding up, there may not be sufficient assets remaining, after paying amounts to the holders of our indebtedness and Series 1 preferred
stock, to pay anything to common stockholders. As of September 30, 2024, we had total consolidated liabilities of approximately 39.2
million and 2,456,827 shares issued and 2,392,727 shares of Series 1 preferred stock outstanding. Any liquidation, winding up or dissolution
of our company or of any of our wholly or partially owned subsidiaries would have a material adverse effect on holders of our common
stock . 

Our
common stockholders may be adversely affected by the issuance of any subsequent series of preferred stock. 

Our
certificate of incorporation does not restrict our ability to offer one or more additional new series of preferred stock, any or all
of which may rank equally with or have preferences over our common stock as to dividend payments, voting rights, rights upon liquidation
or other types of rights. We would have no obligation to consider the specific interests of the holders of common stock in creating any
such new series of preferred stock or engaging in any such offering or transaction. Our creation of any new series of preferred stock
or our engaging in any such offering or transaction could have a material adverse effect on holders of our common stock. 

The
public trading market for the common stock may be limited in the future. 

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CETX. The trading volume fluctuates and there have been
time periods during which the common stock trading volume has been limited. Management can make no assurances that trading volume will
not be similarly limited in the future. Without an active trading market, there can be no assurance of any liquidity or resale value
of the common stock, and stockholders may be required to hold their shares of common stock for an indefinite period of time. 

24 

We
may not pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

Our
board of directors declared a one-time cash dividend on our common stock in April 2017. The terms of our series 1 preferred stock provide
for the payment of semiannual dividends on the last day of March and September in each year, which began in March 2017. No other cash
dividends have been declared or paid by us on our stock during either of the two most recent fiscal years or the period through the date
of this prospectus. Other than with respect to our series 1 preferred stock, our board of directors declares dividends when, in its discretion,
it determines that a dividend payment, as opposed to another use of cash, is in the best interests of the stockholders. Such decisions
are based on the facts and circumstances then existing including, without limitation, our results of operations, financial condition,
contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. As a result,
we cannot predict when, or whether, another dividend on our common stock will be declared in the future. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our Company. If no securities
or industry analysts commence coverage of our Company, the trading price for our stock would likely be negatively impacted. In the event
securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our Company
or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume
to decline. 

If
our shares become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If the price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00, our Common Stock will
be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules
require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and
dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in
the secondary market for our Common Stock, and therefore shareholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our securities. 

Effective
June 30, 2020, the SEC implemented Regulation Best Interest requiring that A broker, dealer, or a natural person who is an associated
person of a broker or dealer, when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities
(including account recommendations) to a retail customer, shall act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time the recommendation
is made, without placing the financial or other interest of the broker, dealer, or natural person who is an associated person of a broker
or dealer making the recommendation ahead of the interest of the retail customer. This is a significantly higher standard for
broker-dealers to recommend securities to retail customers than before under FINRA suitability rules. FINRA suitability rules
do still apply to institutional investors and require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending securities to their customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information, and for retail customers determine the investment is in the customer s best interest and meet
other SEC requirements. Both SEC Regulation Best Interest and FINRA s suitability requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy speculative, low-priced securities. They may affect investing in our common stock or our preferred
stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our securities. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be
willing to make a market in our common stock or our preferred stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common
stock or our preferred stock. 

25 

Future
sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans and outstanding
options could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We
expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, expanded research and development
activities and costs associated with operating a public company. The Company may also require capital to acquire or invest in complementary
businesses, products, or technologies, or to obtain the right to use such complementary technologies. We have no commitments with respect
to any acquisition or investment; however, we seek opportunities and transactions that management believes will be advantageous to the
Company and its operations or prospects. To raise capital, we may sell Common Stock, convertible securities or other equity securities
in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell Common Stock, convertible securities
or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution
to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our Common Stock,
including the securities sold in this offering. The aggregate number of shares of our Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to stock
awards under our 2020 Equity Compensation Plan as of September 30, 2024, is 28 shares. Increases in the number of shares available for
future grant or purchase may result in additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Although
our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the exchange may subsequently delist our Common Stock as it has with our Series
1 Preferred Stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards. 

We
previously received a deficiency letter from Nasdaq on our Series 1 Preferred Stock. Having failed to meet the ongoing listing requirements,
on January 18, 2024, the Company received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s Hearings Panel notifying the Company that
it has determined to delist the Company s shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock from the exchange, due to the Company s inability
to meet the terms of the exception granted by the Panel on September 8, 2023, as amended. Suspension of trading in the Company s
Series 1 Preferred Stock was effective at the open of business on January 22, 2024. The Series 1 Preferred Stock is now quoted on the
OTC Markets under the symbol CETXP . Nasdaq filed a Form 25 on March 21, 2024, and the deregistration of the Company s
Series 1 Preferred Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act became effective for 90 days after filing of the Form 25. 

We
have also received a deficiency letter for our Common Stock. On June 14, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing
Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s common stock listed
on Nasdaq was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement for continued
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), requiring a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share. The
notification letter also disclosed that in the event the Company does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by
December 11, 2024, the Company may be eligible for additional time. To qualify for additional time, the Company would be required to
meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq
Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and would need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the
deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

On
August 21, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company
that, because the stockholder s equity for the Company was below 2,500,000 as reported on our Form 10-Q for the period ended June
30, 2024, the Company no longer meets the minimum shareholder s equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(b)(1), requiring a minimum stockholder s equity of 2,500,000 (the Minimum Stockholder s
Equity Requirement ). 

On
October 23, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq that it had been granted an extension to regain compliance with the Minimum
Stockholder s Equity Requirement. 

The
terms of the extension are as follows: on or before February 17, 2025, the Company must complete the submitted plan and opt for one of
the two following alternatives to evidence compliance with the Rule: 

26 

Alternative
1: The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report (e.g., a Form 8-K) including: 

1.
A disclosure of Staff s deficiency letter and the specific deficiency(ies) cited; 

2.
A description of the completed transaction or event that enabled the Company to satisfy the stockholders equity requirement for
continued listing; 

3.
An affirmative statement that, as of the date of the report, the Company believes it has regained compliance with the stockholders 
equity requirement based upon the specific transaction or event referenced in Step 2; and 

4.
A disclosure stating that Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity
requirement and, if at the time of its next periodic report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Alternative
2: The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report including: 

1.
Steps 1 2 set forth above; 

2.
A balance sheet no older than 60 days with pro forma adjustments for any significant transactions or event occurring on or before the
report date. The pro forma balance sheet must evidence compliance with the stockholders equity requirement; and 

3.
A disclosure that the Company believes it also satisfies the stockholders equity requirement as of the report date and that Nasdaq
will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing compliance with the stockholders equity requirement and, if at the time of
its next periodic report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Regardless
of which alternative the Company chooses, if the Company fails to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the March 31,
2025, with the SEC and Nasdaq, the Company may be subject to delisting. 

Although
our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the exchange will require us to meet certain financial, public float, bid price
and liquidity standards on an ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our Common Stock. If we fail to meet these continued
listing requirements, our Common Stock may be subject to delisting. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market could make trading our common
stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading to declines in our share price and liquidity. Without a Nasdaq Capital Market
listing, stockholders may have a difficult time getting a quote for the sale or purchase of our stock, the sale or purchase of our stock
would likely be made more difficult and the trading volume and liquidity of our stock could decline. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital
Market could also result in negative publicity and could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence
of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further,
if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These
requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock
in the secondary market. If our common stock is delisted by Nasdaq, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter
quotation system, such as the OTC Pink, OTCQB and OTCQX markets, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. In the event our common stock is delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market,
we may not be able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the counter quotation
system . 

Trading
on the OTC Pink Market is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of the Series 1 Preferred Stock and make it difficult
for the holders to resell their Series 1 Preferred Stock. 

As
of January 22, 2024, the Series 1 Preferred Stock of the Company is quoted on the OTC Pink Market. Trading in securities quoted on the
OTC Pink Open Market is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have
little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of the Series 1 Preferred Stock
for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Pink Market is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the
OTC Pink Market is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on Nasdaq. These factors may result in shareholders having
difficulty reselling any Series 1 Preferred Stock. 

27 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

We
have policies and processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats and have integrated these
processes into our overall risk management systems and processes. We assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, including any
potential unauthorized occurrence on or conducted through our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality,
integrity, or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. 

We
conduct periodic risk assessments to identify cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a material change in our
business practices that may affect information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity threats. These risk assessments include
identification of reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential damage that could result from such
risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place to manage such risks. 

Governance 

One
of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our risk management process, including risks from cybersecurity
threats. Our Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and management is responsible for the day-to-day
management of any material risks that may arise. We do not believe that there are currently any known risks from cybersecurity threats
that are reasonably likely to materially affect us or our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Cybersecurity
Threats 

As
of September 30, 2024, we have not identified any indication of a cybersecurity incident that would have a material impact on our business
and consolidated financial statements. For further discussion of cybersecurity risks, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company has the following properties: 

The
Company has its corporate headquarters in Hauppauge, New York as part of the office and warehouse space discussed below. 

The
Company s Industrial Services segment owns approximately (i) 25,000 square feet of warehouse space in Manchester, PA (ii) approximately
43,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in York, PA (iii) approximately 33,500 square feet of office and warehouse space and
0.71 acres of land in a non-contiguous lot utilized for outdoor storage space in Columbia, PA. The Industrial Services segment also leases
approximately 15,500 square feet of warehouse space in Emigsville, PA from a third party in a three-year lease at a monthly rent of 5,099
expiring on August 31, 2025. 

The
Company s Security segment leases (i) approximately 6,700 square feet of office and warehouse space in Pune, India from a third
party in an five year lease at a monthly rent of 6,048 (INR504,150) expiring on February 28, 2027, (ii) approximately 30,000 square
feet of office and warehouse space in Hauppauge, NY from a third party in a seven-year lease at a monthly rent of 28,719 expiring on
March 31, 2027, (iii) approximately 911 square feet of office space in Clovis, CA on a month-to-month lease at a monthly rent of 4,930,
and (iv) approximately 9,400 square feet of office and warehouse space in Hampshire, England in a fifteen-year lease with at a monthly
rent of 9,821 7,669) which expires on March 24, 2031 and contains provisions to terminate in 2026. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
Company s Common Stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol CETX. 

As
of December 23, 2024, the Company had 71 shareholders of record. This amount does not take into account shareholders whose shares are
held in street name by brokerage houses or other intermediaries. 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 and 70,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par
value per share. On December 23, 2024, there were 1,724,162 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, 2,579,994 shares of Series
1 preferred stock issued and 2,515,894 shares outstanding, and 50,000 shares of Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

As
reported by NASDAQ Capital Markets, on December 23, 2024, the closing sales price of the Company s Common Stock was 2.98 per share. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
terms of our series 1 preferred stock provide for the payment of semiannual dividends on the last day of March and September in each
year, which began in March 2017. No cash dividends have been declared or paid by us on our stock during either of the two most recent
fiscal years or the period through the date of this Annual Report. Other than with respect to our series 1 preferred stock, our board
of directors declares dividends when, in its discretion, it determines that a dividend payment, as opposed to another use of cash, is
in the best interests of the stockholders. Such decisions are based on the facts and circumstances then existing including, without limitation,
our results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our
board of directors deems relevant. As a result, we cannot predict when, or whether, another dividend on our common stock will be declared
in the future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table presents certain information as of September 30, 2024, regarding our equity compensation plans: 

Plan category 
 Number of Common Stock Shares to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Plans (1) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Approved by security holders 

2020 Equity Compensation Plan 
 6 
 28,577.25 
 22 

Not approved by security holders 

Options 
 12 
 143,599.76 

Total 
 18 
 105,258.92 
 22 

(1) 
 See
 more detailed information regarding our equity compensation plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,2024. 

29 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
information set forth below relates to our issuances of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 during the reporting
period which were not previously included in an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, 235,762 shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock were issued to pay dividends to holders of Series
1 Preferred Stock. 

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we issued 105 shares of common stock in exchange for 169,000 of services to the Company. 

On
October 7, 2024, 123,167 shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock were issued to pay dividends to holders of Series 1 Preferred Stock. 

These
securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented
their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate
information about us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed
our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Except
for historical information contained in this report, the matters discussed are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
When used in this report, words such as anticipates , believes , could , estimates ,
 expects , may , plans , potential and intends and similar expressions,
as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the
beliefs of the Company s management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company s
management. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: the effect of business and economic
conditions; the impact of competitive products and their pricing; unexpected manufacturing or supplier problems; the Company s
ability to maintain sufficient credit arrangements; changes in governmental standards by which our environmental control products are
evaluated and the risk factors reported from time to time in the Company s SEC reports, including this report on Form 10-K. The
Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of future events or developments. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the
Company s management to make assumptions, estimates, and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto,
and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. Company management has identified certain accounting policies that are
significant to the preparation of its financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of its
financial condition and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result
of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain
accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that
future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. Company management believes the
following critical accounting policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of its financial statements.
Company management has reviewed the critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

Inventory
and Cost of Goods Sold 

The
Company values inventory, consisting of finished goods, at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on the average
cost method. The Company reduces inventory for the diminution of value, resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting
marketability, equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market value. Factors utilized in the determination
of estimated market value include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, and (iii) competitive
pricing pressures. 

The
Company classifies inventory markdowns in the income statement as a component of cost of goods sold. These markdowns are estimates, which
could vary significantly from actual requirements if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. 

There
was 1,044,530 and 618,021 in inventory obsolescence reserve at September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

On
October 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), using the modified retrospective
transition method. Under the guidance of the standard, revenue represents the amount received or receivable for goods and services supplied
by the Company to its customers. Company recognizes revenue at the time a good or service is transferred to a customer and the customer
obtains control of that good or receives the service performed. Most of the Company s sales arrangements with customers in the
Security segment are short-term in nature involving single performance obligations related to the delivery of goods or repair of equipment
and generally provide for transfer of control at the time of shipment to the customer. The Company generally permits returns of product
or repaired equipment due to defects; however, returns are historically insignificant. Billing terms vary by customer and product but
generally do not exceed 90 days. 

In
accordance with the authoritative guidance issued by the FASB on revenue recognition, the Company recognizes revenue from cost reimbursable
contracts based on the services provided, typically represented by man-hours worked, and is measured by reference to agreed charge-out
rates or to the estimated total contract revenue. Revenue from long-term fixed price contracts is recognized using the percentage-of-completion
method, measured by reference to physical completion or the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated contract costs. If the outcome
of a contract cannot be estimated reliably, as may be the case in the initial stages of completion of the contract, revenue is recognized
only to the extent of the costs incurred that are expected to be recoverable. If a contract is expected to be loss-making, the expected
amount of the loss is recognized immediately in the income statement. Revenue from short-term contracts is recognized when delivery has
occurred, and collection of the resulting receivable is deemed probable. Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of
invoicing to customers. 

30 

The
Company records deferred revenue when receiving cash in advance of delivering services to the customer. The deferred revenue is
reversed, and revenue is recognized when those services are delivered. The amounts were 1,955,635, 2,311,334, and 1,788,507 as of
September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively, recorded as Deferred revenue. Short-term deferred revenue of 1,297,616 is expected
to be recognized over the next 12 months 

The Company records a liability when receiving cash in advance of delivering goods to the customer. The revenue is recognized, and the deposit is applied to the invoice for those goods when those goods are delivered. The company recorded Deposits from customers of 408,415, 57,434, and 73,144 as of September
30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively. These amounts are short-term and are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months. 

Contracts 

The
Company s industrial services segment s revenue is derived from contracts with customers. These contracts fall into two categories,
 Fixed Price and Time and Material Price contracts. The Company determines the appropriate accounting treatment
for each contract at its inception. Generally, contracts have a period from six months to two years. 

The
Company accounts for a contract when: (i) it has approval and commitment from both parties, (ii) the rights of the parties are identified,
(iii) payment terms are identified, (iv) the contract has commercial substance, and (v) collectability of consideration is probable.
The Company considers the start of a project to be when the above criteria have been met and it has written authorization from the customer
to proceed. 

Fixed
price contracts 

The
Company s revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of
costs incurred to estimated total costs for each contract. When the job is started and in process, all actual costs incurred (labor and
materials) are processed and reconciled at month end. The percentage of completion and revenue earned is calculated at month end. Billings
are created based on contract criteria agreed upon and reconciled to determine if any costs in excess of billing or billings in excess
of costs exist. Changes in job performance, job conditions, estimated contract costs and profitability, and final contract settlements
may result in revisions to costs and income. The effects of these revisions are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined.
Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. This measurement
and comparison process requires updates to the estimate of total costs to complete the contract, and these updates may include subjective
assessments and judgments. 

Time
and material price contracts 

Revenue
from time and material price contracts is recognized based on costs incurred and projected markup on costs. Revenue from these contracts
will vary based on actual labor, materials and overhead costs charged to the job and the negotiated billing rates. Contracts are initiated
by customers or through bids if with a municipality. Any materials used and time spent within the shop on the job is assigned to the
appropriate job and reconciliated monthly. Management bills the customer and records the revenue earned from contract. Depending on the
contract terms, billings could be based on certain milestones stipulated in the contract. If this is the case, unbilled revenue is recorded
at month end based on time and materials incurred and markup. 

Performance
Obligations 

Generally,
the Company s contracts contain one performance obligation. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct
good or service to the customer and is the unit of account. The Company s performance of the contracts with customers typically
provides a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability (even if that
single project results in the delivery of multiple units), and as such, the entire contract and/or purchase order is accounted for as
one performance obligation. The transaction price is allocated to the performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the
performance obligation is satisfied with the continuous transfer of control to the customer. 

Less
commonly, a contract may be considered to have multiple performance obligations even when they are part of a single contract. For contracts
with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using the best estimate
of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. 

The
Company recognizes revenue over time for the majority of the services it performs as (i) control continuously transfers to the customer
as work progresses at a project location controlled by the customer and (ii) the Company has the right to bill the customer as costs
are incurred. 

Warrants 

 The
Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 (Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity) and ASC
815 (Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant
to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own common shares and whether the warrant
holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions
for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance
and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded as a liability at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date
thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

Valuation
of Goodwill 

The
Company accounts for business combinations under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and
liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over
the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. Upon acquisition, the accounts and
results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date. 

31 

At
September 30, 2024, the Company had 3,708,347 of goodwill. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, goodwill is tested annually for impairment at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise.
In accordance with the FASB revised guidance on Testing of Goodwill for Impairment, a company first has the option to assess
qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount. If the company decides, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than- not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required.
The quantitative impairment test consists of a two-step goodwill impairment test. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting
unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired
and the second step will not be required. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares
the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is
determined in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in
the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts
assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes
of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss
is recognized for any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill. 

Assessing
the Company s goodwill for impairment analyses is complex and highly judgmental due to the nature of qualitive assessment and,
where necessary, the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value
estimate is sensitive to significant assumptions, such as future operating results, cash flows and the weighted average cost of capital.
These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be materially affected by future market or economic conditions. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 530,475 of impairment for Goodwill in the Security Segment. For the year September
30, 2023, no impairment of the Company s goodwill was recorded. 

Related
Parties 

During
fiscal year 2023, the Company sold two of its operating entities to Saagar Govil, Chairman of the Board, CEO, President and Secretary,
additionally, there are transactions related to Ducon Industries, Inc. owned by Aron Govil, Founder, and former CFO and Executive director
all of which are discussed in Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements. The financial statements shall include disclosures of
material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary
course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated financial statements is
not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved b. description of the
transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements
are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements;
c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change
in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the
date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Business
Combinations 

 The
Company accounts for business combinations under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets
and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price
over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. Upon acquisition, the accounts
and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date. 

Results
of Operations - For the fiscal years ending September 30, 2024, and 2023 

Revenues 

Our
Security segment revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 2,337,571 or 7 , to 32,021,899 from 34,359,470 for the
year ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is due to decreased demand for security technology products under our Vicon brand. 

Our
Industrial Services segment revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024, increased by 9,832,893 or 39 , to 34,841,985 from 25,009,092
for the year ended September 30, 2023. This increase is mainly due to an increased demand for the segment s products and services
and additional revenue related to the acquisition of Heisey Mechanical completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for the year ended September 30, 2024, was 27,478,204 or 41 of revenues as compared to gross profit of 25,685,826 or 43 of
revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Gross
profit in our Security segment was 16,167,339 or 50 of the segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared
to gross profit of 17,106,300 or 50 of the segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit as a percentage
of revenues remained consistent in the years ended September 30, 2024, compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. 

32 

Gross
profit in our Industrial Services segment was 11,310,865 or 32 of the segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024,
as compared to gross profit of 8,579,526 or 34 of the segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit
as a percentage of revenues decreased in the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to the year ended September 30, 2023, and was primarily
due to lower margins related to Heisey projects that were in operation at the time of the Heisey acquisition. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and Administrative Expenses for the year ended September 30, 2024, increased by 4,930,679 or 21 to 28,860,019 from 23,929,340 for
the year ended September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses is mainly due
to increases in salaries and wages, travel, and utilities as a result of the acquisition of Heisey completed in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2023. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and Development expenses for the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 were 3,357,455 and 3,267,994, respectively. The increase
in Research and Development expenses are primarily related to the Security Segment s development of proprietary technology and
next generation solutions associated with security and surveillance systems software. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 530,475 related to its Security Segment. Goodwill
is tested annually for impairment or if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value
of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. 

Other
Expense, net 

Other
expense for the year ended September 30, 2024, was 2,206,604 as compared to 4,489,605 for the year ended 2023. Other expense for the
year ended September 30, 2024, was mainly driven by interest expense on the Company s debt, issuance costs of 995,333, related
to the May 2024 Equity Financing, and loss on the excess fair value of certain prefunded warrants issued in May 2024, offset by the changes
in the fair value of the Series A and Series B warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024. Other expense for the year ended September
30, 2023, was mainly driven by interest expense on the Company s debt and included an employee retention credit of 416,502. 

Income
Tax Benefit/(Expense) 

During
the fiscal year of 2024 we recorded an income tax expense of 202,280 compared to 394,272 for fiscal year 2023. The increase in the
expense for income tax is mainly due to an increase in the net income of the Industrial Services segment compared to the prior year. 

Effects
of Inflation 

The
Company s business and operations have not been materially affected by inflation during the periods for which financial information
is presented. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
capital was 8,103,457 at September 30, 2024, compared to 1,948,923 at September 30, 2023. This includes cash and cash equivalents and
restricted cash of 5,420,392 at September 30, 2024, and 6,349,562 at September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in working capital
was primarily due to the decrease in the Company s current maturities of long-term liabilities of 9,775,334, a result of the standstill
agreement with the holder of 12,440,555 of notes payable and a decrease in the Company s cash and cash equivalents of 1,432,399
and a decrease inventory of 1,750,690. 

33 

Operating
activities for continuing operations used 3,949,360 of cash for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to using 4,724,305 of cash
for the year ended September 30, 2023. Cash provided by operating activities for discontinued operations for the year ended September
30, 2023, was 2,491,581. 

Trade
receivables increased by 1,949,981 or 21 to 11,159,676 at September 30, 2024, from 9,209,695 at September 30, 2023. The increase
in trade receivables is mainly due to increased revenues and receivables related to the business generated by the acquisition of Heisey. 

Investing
activities for continuing operations used 1,257,393 of cash during the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5,628,400 used in
the year ended September 30, 2023. Investing activities for fiscal year 2024 were mainly driven by the purchase of property and equipment.
Investing activities for fiscal year 2023 were mainly driven by the purchase of property and equipment and the acquisition of Heisey
Mechanical. 

Financing
activities provided 4,398,599 of cash for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2,036,655 provided in the year ended September
30, 2023. In fiscal 2024 our financing activities were mainly comprised of proceeds from the Company s equity public offering,
payments on debt, and activity on the revolving line of credit. In fiscal 2023 our financing activities were mainly comprised of financing
of the acquisition of Heisey and the building purchase 

The
Company has incurred substantial losses of 7,229,491 and 9,196,875 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, and has debt obligations
over the next fiscal year of 7,857,388 and working capital of 8,103,457, that raise substantial doubt with respect to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, as discussed in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies . 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required to be included in this report appear as indexed in the appendix to this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
have been no disagreements with Grassi CO., CPAs, P.C., our independent registered public accountants, on accounting and financial
disclosure matters. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we necessarily
are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

Based
on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

34 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with GAAP. Because
of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Additionally,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded
that as of September 30, 2024, that our internal control over financial reporting were effective and there are no material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to Commission rules that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that
section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company engaged a third-party accounting firm to assist with entity level controls
around the review of period-end reporting processes, accounting policies and public disclosures that is reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

35 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, the members of our Board of Directors and Executive Officers are: 

Name
 and Address 
 
 Age

Positions
 and Offices 

Saagar
 Govil 
 
 38 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors,President, 
 
 135
 Fell Ct. 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Hauppauge,
 NY 11788 

Paul
 J. Wyckoff 
 
 55 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 135
 Fell Ct. 

Hauppauge,
 NY 11788 

Brian
 Kwon 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 135
 Fell Ct. 

Hauppauge,
 NY 11788 

Manpreet
 Singh 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 135
 Fell Ct. 

Hauppauge,
 NY 11788 

Metodi
 Filipov 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 135
 Fell Ct. 

Hauppauge,
 NY 11788 

Principal
Occupations and Business Experience of Directors and Executive Officers 

The
following is a brief account of the business experience of the Company s directors and officers: 

Saagar
Govil is the Company s Chairman since June 2014, and the Chief Executive Officer and President since December 2011. He has been
working at Cemtrex since 2008, initially as a field engineer, subsequently moving into sales, and management roles as Vice President
of Operations. Saagar was recently recognized as a Forbes 30 Under 30 in 2016, Business Insiders #17 on Top 100 of Silicon Alley
in 2015, and Top 40 Under 40 by Stony Brook University in 2014. Saagar Govil has a B.E. in Materials Engineering from Stony Brook University
and completed the PLD program at Harvard Business School. 

Paul
J. Wyckoff was appointed Cemtrex s Interim Chief Financial Officer on January 28, 2022, where he is responsible for the Company s
financial planning, accounting, tax, and business process functions. Mr. Wyckoff has been with Cemtrex since March of 2014 when he joined
as the Manager of Financial Reporting and since January of 2019 has served as the Company s Corporate Controller. Prior to joining
Cemtrex, Mr. Wyckoff was the Controller at Vaso Corporation (formerly Vasomedical, Inc.) a medical device distribution company based
in Plainview, NY. Mr. Wyckoff has over 20 years of private accounting experience and holds a B.S. in Accounting from SUNY College at
Old Westbury. 

Brian
Kwon was appointed to the as a director on September 28, 2021 and is presently the President and Chief Procurement Officer of H Mart.
Brian has extensive operations experience in purchasing, distribution, logistics, IT, HR, and e-commerce from his time at H-Mart. Brian
has completed the Harvard Business School General Management Program. 

36 

Manpreet
Singh was appointed as a director on November 1, 2021 and is currently the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Singh Capital Partners
(SCP), a multifamily office that directs investments into venture capital, real estate, and growth equity. SCP invests capital on behalf
of Fortune 500 CXOs, Unicorn founders and operators and has executed investments in North America, Europe and Asia. He serves on the
numerous non-profit and private company boards including AcquCo, US Inspect, Embrace Software, Snowball Industries, Shukr Investments,
Suburban Hospital (John Hopkins Medicine) and Dingman Center at the Smith School of Business. He is a CFA charterholder and Manpreet
received his MBA from the Wharton School of Business in Entrepreneurship, Finance, and Real Estate. He also holds a B.S. in Finance with
a citation in Entrepreneurship from the University of Maryland, College Park. Mr. Singh s extensive knowledge of finance allow
him to make valuable contributions to the Board. 

Metodi
Filipov was appointed to the Board on February 9, 2018 and is an entrepreneur and technology executive with over 25 years of experience
creating, operating and driving growth for technology companies. He has a proven track record of identifying business opportunities and
building compelling products. Metodi was formerly VP of Operations at Cemtrex from 2008 to 2010. After Cemtrex, Mr. Filipov served as
Managing Director of Bianor, a mobile consulting company providing solutions for enterprise clients. There, he led the development and
implementation of innovative mobile products in industries including aviation, pharmaceutical and entertainment. Metodi co-founded Flipps
Media, an OTT video distribution platform positioned to be an alternative to traditional cable pay-per-view systems. Before Bianor, he
served as product lead for Raritan, a data center technology organization, where he was an integral part of the transition team that
led the company to becoming a global IT service management solutions provider. Prior to joining Raritan, Mr. Filipov served as VP of
Operations at ISS, a security products company. There, he successfully managed product development and contract manufacturing across
continents. Mr. Filipov has extensive experience delivering superior solutions with a focus on optimized efficiency and productivity. 

Each
director of the Company serves for a term of one year or until the successor is elected at the Company s annual shareholders 
meeting and is qualified, subject to removal by the Company s shareholders. Each officer serves, at the pleasure of the board of
directors, for a term of one year and until the successor is elected at the annual meeting of the board of directors and is qualified. 

Meetings
of the Board of Directors 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors held four meetings. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past 10 years, other than as set forth below, none of our current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers
has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, including: 

1.
Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner
at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive
officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2.
Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
minor offenses); 

3.
Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i.
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

ii.
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

37 

iii.
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4.
Being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any
such activity; 

5.
Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6.
Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7.
Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i.
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii.
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

iii.
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8.
Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

See
subsection titled Settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Item 1. Business of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Board of Directors currently has one standing committee: The Audit Committee. 

Compensation
Committee 

As
a Controlled Company as such term is defined under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5615, the Company is not required to have a Compensation
Committee. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which has been established in accordance with requirements of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, is comprised
of the following independent directors: Metodi Filipov (Chair), Brian Kwon, and Manpreet Singh. The Board of Directors has determined
that each member of the Audit Committee: (i) is independent, (ii) meets the financial literacy requirements of the Nasdaq Rules, and
(iii) meets the enhanced independence standards established by the SEC. In addition, the Board has determined that Mr. Filipov qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Exchange Act by the SEC. 

The
Audit Committee is primarily concerned with the integrity of our financial statements, the independence, qualifications and performance
of our independent registered public accounting firm, and our compliance with legal requirements. The Audit Committee operates under
a written charter approved by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee that reflects standards and requirements adopted by the
SEC and NASDAQ. 

38 

As
indicated in its charter, the Audit Committee s duties include selecting and engaging our independent registered public accounting
firm; reviewing the scope of the audit to be conducted by our independent registered public accounting firm; overseeing our independent
registered public accounting firm and reviewing the results of its audit; reviewing our financial reporting processes, including the
accounting principles and practices followed and the financial information provided to shareholders and others; overseeing our internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; and serving as our legal compliance committee. 

Nomination
of Directors 

The
Company does not currently have a standing nominating committee or a formal nominating committee charter. As a Controlled Company 
as such term is defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5615 the Company is not required to have a Nominating Committee. Currently, the independent
members of the Board (Messrs. Kwon, Singh, Wagner, and Filipov), rather than a nominating committee, approve or recommend to the full
Board those persons to be nominated. The Board believes that the current method of nominating directors is appropriate because it allows
each independent board member input into the nomination process and does not unnecessarily restrict the input that might be provided
from an independent director who could be excluded from a committee. Currently, three of the five Directors are independent. Furthermore,
the Board has adopted by resolution a director nomination policy. The purpose of the policy is to describe the process by which candidates
for inclusion in the Company s recommended slate of director nominees are selected. The director nomination policy is administered
by the Board. Many of the benefits that would otherwise come from a written committee charter are provided by this policy. 

In
the ordinary course, absent special circumstances or a change in the criteria for Board membership, the incumbent directors who continue
to be qualified for Board service and are willing to continue as directors are re-nominated. If the Board thinks it is in the best interest
of the Company to nominate a new individual for director in connection with an annual meeting of shareholders, or if a vacancy occurs
between annual shareholder meetings, the Board will seek potential candidates for Board appointments who meet the criteria for selection
as a nominee and have the specific qualities or skills being sought. Director candidates will be selected based on input from members
of the Board, senior management of the Company and, if deemed appropriate, a third-party search firm. 

Candidates
for Board membership must possess the background, skills and expertise to make significant contributions to the Board, to the Company
and its shareholders. Desired qualities to be considered include substantial experience in business or administrative activities; breadth
of knowledge about issues affecting the Company; and ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board activities. 

The
Board of Directors intends to review the director nomination policy from time to time to consider whether modifications to the policy
may be advisable as the Company s needs and circumstances evolve, and as applicable legal or listing standards change. The Board
may amend the director nomination policy at any time. 

The
Board will consider director candidates recommended by shareholders and will evaluate such director candidates in the same manner in
which it evaluates candidates recommended by other sources, as described above. Recommendations must be in writing and mailed to Cemtrex,
Inc., 135 Fell Ct. Hauppauge, NY 11788, Attention: Corporate Secretary, and include all information regarding the candidate as would
be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules promulgated by the SEC if the candidate were nominated
by the Board of Directors (including such candidate s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a director if elected). The shareholder giving notice must provide (i) his or her name and address, as they appear on the
Company s books, and (ii) the number of shares of the Company which are beneficially owned by such shareholder. The Company may
require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information it may require to be set forth in a shareholder s notice of nomination
which pertains to the nominee. 

Director
Compensation 

The
members of the Board receive quarterly compensation of 5,000 and stock options. Additionally, we reimburse our directors for expenses
incurred in connection with attending board meetings. 

Insider
Trading Policy 

We
recognize that the Company s executive officers and directors may sell shares from time to time in the open market to realize value
to meet financial needs and diversify their holdings, particularly in connection with exercises of stock options. All such transactions
are required to comply with the Company s insider trading policy. 

39 

Section
16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of the Securities Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock (collectively,
 Reporting Persons to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock with the
SEC. Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge,
based solely on our review of the copies of such reports received or written representations from certain Reporting Persons that no other
reports were required, we believe that during the year ended September 30, 2024, all Reporting Persons timely complied with all applicable
filing requirements. 

Communications
with Directors 

Shareholders,
associates of the Company and other interested parties may communicate directly with the Board of Directors, with the non-management
Directors or with a specific Board member, by writing to the Board (or the non-management Directors or a specific Board member) and delivering
the communication in person or mailing it to: Board of Directors, Privileged and Confidential, c/o Saagar Govil, CEO, Cemtrex, Inc.,
135 Fell Ct. Hauppauge, NY 11788. Correspondence will be discussed at the next scheduled meeting of the Board of Directors, or as indicated
by the urgency of the matter. From time to time, the Board of Directors may change the process by which shareholders may communicate
with the Board of Directors or its members. Any changes in this process will be posted on the Company s website or otherwise publicly
disclosed. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company has an ongoing commitment to good governance and business practices. In furtherance of this commitment, we regularly monitor,
and are briefed by outside counsel on, developments in the area of corporate governance and securities law and review our policies and
procedures in light of such developments. We comply with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and implement other corporate
governance practices we believe are in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics as of June 28, 2016, that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, as well
as our employees. Our standards are in writing and are posted on our website. The following is a summation of the key points of the Code
of Ethics we adopted: 

Honest
and ethical conduct, including ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

Full,
fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure reports and documents that a small business issuer files with, or submits to, the
Commission and in other public communications made by our Company; 

Full
compliance with applicable government laws, rules and regulations; 

The
prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and 

Accountability
for adherence to the code. 

Board
Leadership and Structure 

Saagar
Govil, our Chief Executive Officer, also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Board believes that the Company and its shareholders
are best served by having the Chief Executive Officer also serve as Chairman of the Board. The Board also believes that this structure
is appropriate in light of the size of our Company and corresponding size of our Board and the complexity of our business. We believe
that Mr. Govil is best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that our Board s time and attention are focused on the matters
that are most critical to us. 

40 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
compensation discussion addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s named executive officers NEO ),
which currently consists of Saagar Govil, the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and Paul J. Wyckoff, Interim
CFO. As of the date of this Annual Report, Saagar Govil and Paul J. Wyckoff are currently earning compensation from the Company. Paul
J. Wyckoff was named Interim CFO on January 28, 2022. Set forth below is the aggregate compensation for services rendered in all capacities
to us during our fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 by our executive officers. 

OPTION 

PRINCIPAL AND POSITION 
 YEAR 
 SALARY 
 BONUS 
 AWARDS 
 OTHER 
 TOTAL 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Saagar
 Govil 
 2024 
 744,231 
 300,000 
 - 
 45,220 
 1,089,451 
 
 Chairman
 od the Board 
 2023 
 600,000 
 - 
 - 
 45,803 
 645,803 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, 

and President 

Paul J.
 Wyckoff 
 2024 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 15,853 
 165,853 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2023 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 12,291 
 162,291 

(1) The
 Option Awards Column in the table above reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the
 award granted in the year noted. Please see Options/SAR Grants in the Last Fiscal Year below
 for more information relating to this option grant. 

(2) Other
 compensation are amounts paid by the company for medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
 benefits. 

NARRATIVE
TO SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

At
this time, we do not have an employment agreement with Saagar Govil or Paul J. Wyckoff, though the Company may enter into such an agreement
with them on terms and conditions usual and customary for the industry. All amounts paid to our officers in fiscal year end 2024 were
approved by the Company s board of directors. The Company does not currently have key man life insurance on Mr. Govil
or Mr. Wyckoff. 

PAY
VERSUS PERFORMANCE 

Year 
 Summary
 Compensation Table Total for PEO 
 Compensation
 Actually Paid to PEO 
 Average
 Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO NEOs 
 Average
 Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs 
 Value
 of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based On Total Shareholder Return 
 Net
 Loss 
 
 (a) 
 (b) (1) 
 (c) (2) 
 (d) 
 (e) (4) 
 (f) (5) 
 (g) (6) 
 
 2024 
 1,089,451 
 702,443 
 165,853 
 165,853 
 2.53 
 (7,635,505 
 
 2023 
 645,803 
 562,675 
 162,291 
 162,291 
 65.03 
 (9,233,438 
 
 2022 
 637,534 
 554,406 
 96,635 
 96,635 
 18.10 
 (13,292,242 

1. The
 dollar amounts reported in column (b) are the amounts reported for Saagar Govil, Chairman
 of the Board, CEO, President and Secretary, for each of the corresponding years in the Total 
 column of the in our Summary Compensation Table. Refer to the Summary Compensation Table
 above. 

2. The
 dollar amounts reported in column (c) represent the amount of compensation actually
 paid to Mr. Govil, as computed in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K and
 do not reflect the total compensation actually realized or received by Mr. Govil. In accordance
 with these rules, these amounts reflect Total Compensation as set forth in
 the Summary Compensation Table for each year, adjusted as shown below. Equity values are
 calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, and the valuation assumptions used to calculate
 fair values did not materially differ from those disclosed at the time of grant. 

3. The
 dollar amounts reported in column (d) represent the average of the amounts reported for our
 NEOs as a group (excluding Mr. Govil) in the Total column of the Summary Compensation
 Table in each applicable year. The names of each of the NEOs included for these purposes
 in each applicable year are as follows: Paul J. Wyckoff, Interim Chief Financial Officer. 

41 

4. The
 dollar amounts reported in column (e) represent the average amount of compensation
 actually paid to the NEOs as a group (excluding Mr. Govil), as computed in accordance
 with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K. In accordance with these rules, these amounts reflect
 Total Compensation as set forth in the Summary Compensation Table for each
 year, adjusted as shown below. 

5. Total
 Shareholder Return (TSR) is calculated by dividing (a) the difference between our share price
 at the end of each fiscal year shown and the beginning of the measurement period, and the
 beginning of the measurement period by (b) our share price at the beginning of the measurement
 period. The beginning of the measurement period for each year in the table is September 30,
 2021. 

6. The
 dollar amounts reported represent the amount of net income reflected in our audited financial
 statements for the applicable year. 

Adjustments
 to Determine Compensation
 Actually Paid 
 for [PEO][Non-PEO NEOs] 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Deduction
 for Change in
 the Actuarial Present
 v alues reported under
 the Change
 in Pension Value
 and Nonaualified Deferred Comoensation
 Earnimrn Column
 of the SCT 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase for
 Service Cost for Pension
 Plans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase for
 Prior Service Cost for Pension
 Plans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deduction
 for Amounts Reported
 under the Stock
 Awards ,, Column
 in the SCT 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deduction
 for Amounts Reported
 under t he
 Option
 Awards ,,
 Column in t he
 SCT 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase for
 Fair Value of Awards Gran ted
 during year that Remain
 Unves ted
 as of Year end 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase for
 Fair Value of Awards Gran ted
 during year
 that vest during vear 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increas e/deduction
 for Change in Fair value from prior
 Year-end to current
 Year-end of Awards Granted Prior
 to year that were Outstanding and
 Unvested as of Year-end 
 (84,879 
 (1,948 
 (53,747.00 
 
 Increas e/deduction
 for Change in Fair Value from Prior
 Year-end to Vesting Date of
 Awards Granted
 Prior to
 year tha t
 Vested during
 year 
 (2,129 
 (2,207 
 (29,381.00 
 
 Deduction
 of Fair v alue
 of Awards Gran ted
 Prior to
 year that
 were Forfeited during
 year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase based
 upon Incremental Fair Value
 of Awards Modified during ye ar 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase
 based on Di vi dends
 or Other
 Earnings Paid
 durilling year
 prior to
 Vesting Date
 of Award 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 Adjustments 
 (87,008 
 (4,155 
 (83,128 

OPTIONS/SAR
GRANTS IN THE LAST FISCAL YEAR 

None. 

AGGREGATED
OPTION/SAR EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND FISCAL YEAR END OPTION/SAR VALUES 

None. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The
following table presents information regarding our NEOs unexercised options to purchase Common Stock as of September 30, 2024: 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 
 Saagar Govil 
 6 
 117,281.88 
 2/25/2026 
 
 Saagar Govil 
 2 
 140,042.00 
 2/25/2026 
 
 Saagar Govil 
 2 
 168,050.40 
 2/25/2026 
 
 Saagar Govil 
 2 
 201,660.48 
 2/25/2026 

42 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December
23, 2024, by: 

all
persons who are beneficial owners of five percent (5 or more of our common stock; 

each
of our directors; 

each
of our executive officers; and 

all
current directors and executive officers as a group. 

Except
as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. 

As
of December 23, 2024, 1,724,162 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. In addition, there were 50,000 shares of Series C
Preferred Stock outstanding which are entitled to vote 17,258,862 shares in the aggregate, all of which is held by Saagar Govil and 2,515,894
shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock outstanding which are entitled to vote 5,031,788 shares in the aggregate. Accordingly, there are a
total of 24,014,812 shares outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and
the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of December 23, 2024, are deemed outstanding. Such shares, however, are not deemed as of December 23, 2024,
outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

43 

Percentage
 of 

Name and Address 

Issued
 Common 
 Percentage
 of 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Title 
 Amount
 Owned 
 Stock
 (1) 
 voting
 stock (2) 

Common Stock 
 Saagar Govil 
 Chairman of the
 Board, 
 30 
 0 

276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 
 Chief Executive Officer, 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 
 and President 

Preferred Stock 
 Saagar Govil 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 153,153 
 -- 
 1.3 
 
 (Series 1) 
 276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 
 Chief Executive Officer, 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 
 and President 

Preferred Stock 
 Saagar Govil 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 50,000 (3) 
 -- 
 71.9 
 
 (Series C) 
 276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 
 Chief Executive Officer, 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 
 and President 

Paul J. Wyckoff 
 Interim Chief Financial 
 -- 
 -- 

276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 
 Officer 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 

Brian Kwon 
 Director 
 2 

276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 

Manpreet Singh 
 Director 
 2 

276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite 208 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 

Metodi Filipov 
 Director 
 2 

276 Greenpoint Avenue, Suite
 208 

Brooklyn, NY 11222 

All directors and executive
 officers as a group (3 persons) 
 203,189 (4) 
 
 73.1 

Less
 than one percent of outstanding shares. 

(1) Except
 as otherwise noted herein, the percentage is determined on the basis of 1,724,162 shares
 of our Common Stock outstanding plus securities deemed outstanding pursuant to Rule 13d-3
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
 Under Rule 13d-3, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security owned by certain
 family members and any security of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial
 ownership within 60 days, including, without limitation, shares of our common stock subject
 to currently exercisable options. 

(2) This
 percentage is based on the 1,724,162 shares of our Common Stock outstanding, the 17,258,862
 votes that the Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to vote, and the 5,031,788 votes that
 the Series 1 Preferred Stock is entitled to vote based on 2 votes per share. 

(3) Pursuant
 to the Certificate of Designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, each issued and outstanding
 share of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to the number of votes per share equal to
 the result of (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the time of such
 vote multiplied by 10.01, and divided by (ii) the total number of shares of Series C Preferred
 Stock outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of our shareholders with respect
 to any and all matters presented to our shareholders for their action or consideration, including
 the election of directors. 

(4) Consists
 of actual amount of Common Stock, Series C, and Series 1 Preferred Stock owned. As described
 above each share of Series C is entitled to 345.17724 votes. Series 1 Preferred Stock is
 entitled to 2 votes per share. 

44 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Aside
from the following, there have been no transactions since October 1, 2022 to which we have been a party, including transactions in which
the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than
5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there was 0 and 3,806, respectively, payable due to Ducon Technologies, Inc., which
is controlled by Aron Govil, the Company s Founder and Former Director and CFO. As of September 30, 2023, there were 637,208 of
receivables due from Ducon Technologies, Inc. The Company has negotiated a payment agreement regarding past receivables and other liabilities
due to Cemtrex, Inc. totaling 761,585. This agreement is in the form of a secured promissory note earning interest at a rate of 5 per
annum and matured on July 31, 2024. The Company did not receive payment on this note at the maturity date and placed a full allowance
on the note during fiscal year 2024 and appears on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss under
general and administrative expenses. 

 On
February 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Aron Govil regarding a dispute over an alleged misappropriation
of funds. 

As
part of the Settlement Agreement, Mr. Govil was required to pay the Company consideration with a total value of 7,100,000 (the Settlement
Amount by entering into the Agreement. The Settlement Amount was satisfied in a combination of Mr. Govil forfeiting certain Preferred
Stock and outstanding options and executing a secured note in the amount of 1,533,280. The Independent Board of Directors in coordination
with Management concluded the settlement represented fair value. 

Mr.
Govil also executed a secured promissory note (the Note in the amount of 1,533,280. The Note matured and was due in full
in two years and boar interest at 9 per annum and was secured by all of Mr. Govil s assets. Mr. Govil also agreed to sign an affidavit
confessing judgment in the event of a default on the Note. In accordance with ASC 450-30, Gain Contingencies, the Company determined
the gain will not be recognized until the note is paid. Accordingly, the note and associated gain is not presented on the Company s
Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The Company has not received payment on
this note to date. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company entered into two Asset Purchase Agreements and one Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE with the Company s CEO, Saagar Govil, to secure the sale of the subsidiaries Cemtrex Advanced Technologies, Inc, which include
the brand SmartDesk, and Cemtrex XR, Inc., which include the brands Cemtrex XR, Virtual Driver Interactive, Bravo Strong, and good tech
(formerly Cemtrex Labs), to Mr. Govil. The successor Company conducts business under the name CXR, Inc. 

Due
to the on-going losses and risk associated with the SmartDesk business the Company has valued the royalty and SAFE agreement associated
with the SmartDesk sale at 0 and considers such consideration to be a gain contingency. All receivables due from SmartDesk, Inc, have
a full allowance placed on them. 

Based on sales projections for
Cemtrex XR, Inc., the Company does not believe that it will exceed the sales levels required to exceed the 820,000 royalties due and
has not accounted for any additional royalties at this time. In accordance with ASC 310 Receivables, the Company has discounted
the royalties due to 660,621 and during the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 the Company recognized 53,126 and 44,272 of royalties
due, respectively, and will amortize the remaining amount over the period the royalties are due. Additionally, the Company received 76,000
in royalty payments. 

As of September 30, 2024, there
was 685,788 in trade receivables due from CXR, Inc. Of these receivables 60,628 are related to costs paid by Cemtrex related to payroll
during the transition of employees to the new company and some subscription services that are set up on auto pay with a credit card. 215,408
is related to the current amount of royalties due and the remaining 409,752 is related to services provided by Cemtrex Technologies Pvt.
Ltd. in the normal course of business. These balances are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption Trade
receivables - related party . The long-term balance of royalties of 456,611 is presented on the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheets under the caption Note receivable, net - related party . During Fiscal year 2024, the Company recognized 665,520
of revenue from CXR, Inc. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company for the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 by Grassi 
Co. Certified Public Accountants the Company s independent auditor: 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 380,175 
 342,283 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 41,100 
 84,255 
 
 Tax Fees 
 36,276 
 61,715 
 
 Totals 
 457,551 
 488,253 

Audit
fees principally include fees for the audit of our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K and the
review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees for other attestation and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements. For fiscal year 2024, these fees primarily related to the review and consent for the S-1 filing related
to the May 2024 Equity Financing. For fiscal year 2023, these fees primarily related to the audit of the historical financials of Heisey
Mechanical, Ltd. 

Tax
fees consist of tax compliance services. 

45 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(a) 
 Financial
 Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 at beginning of attached financial statements. 

(b)
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 

Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2015 
 
 Form
 8-K/A 
 
 9/26/2016 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation filed with the State of Delaware. 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.6 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10-12G 
 
 5/22/2008 

3.7 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 8/22/2016 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Shares 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 9/10/2009 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Series 1 Preferred Shares 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 1/24/2017 

3.10 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 9/8/2017 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 6/12/2019 

3.12 
 
 Amended Certificate of Designation of the Series 1 Preferred Shares 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 4/1/2020 

3.13 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 10-K 
 
 1/5/2021 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/28/2021 

3.15 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 1/20/2023 

3.16 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 8/2/2024 

4.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Rights Certificate 
 
 Form
 S-1 
 
 8/29/2016 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series 1 Preferred Stock Certificate 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 11/23/2016 

4.3 
 
 Form of Series 1 Warrant 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 12/7/2016 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 3/22/2019 

4.5 
 
 Form of Prefunded Warrant 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 5/3/2024 

4.6 
 
 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 5/3/2024 

4.7 
 
 Form of Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 5/3/2024 

5.1 
 
 Opinion of the Doney Law Firm 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 4/30/2024 

10.1 
 
 Amendment of the Term Loan Agreement between Vicon and NIL Funding, dated March 3, 2023 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/11/2023 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Loan Documents Between Advanced Industrial Services, Inc. and Fulton Bank, N.A. 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/11/2023 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note Between Cemtrex, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LL 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/11/2023 

10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 2020 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 6/4/2020 

10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 9, 2020 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 6/12/2020 

10.6 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Release between Cemtrex, Inc. and Aron Govil dated February 26, 2021 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 2/26/2021 

10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 22, 2022 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/16/2022 

10.8 
 
 Amendment of the Term Loan Agreement between Vicon and NIL Funding, dated March 30, 2022 
 
 Form
 10-Q 
 
 5/16/2022 

10.9 
 
 Asset Purchase agreement between Cemtrex, Inc. and Saagar Govil, dated November 22, 2022 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 11/29/2022 

10.10 
 
 Asset Purchase agreement between Cemtrex, Inc. and Saagar Govil, dated November 22, 2022 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 11/29/2022 

10.11 
 
 Simple Agreement for Future Equity (SAFE) between Cemtrex, Inc. and Saagar Govil, dated November 18, 2022 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 11/29/2022 

10.12 
 
 2020 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 Form
 S-8 
 
 8/17/2020 

10.13 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2023 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 12/6/2023 

10.14 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 4/30/2024 

10.15 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement between Cemtrex Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated September 30, 2021 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 4/30/2024 

10.16 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note between Cemtrex Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated September 14, 2022 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 4/30/2024 

10.17 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note between Cemtrex Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated August 30, 2023 
 
 Form
 S-1/A 
 
 4/30/2024 

10.18 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 5/3/2024 

10.19 
 
 Standstill Agreement, dated April 30, 2024 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 5/1/2024 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Grassi Co, CPAs, P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 0f of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 0f of 2002. 

X 
 
 99.1 
 
 Order pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act dated September 30, 2022. 
 
 Form
 8-K 
 
 10/4/2022 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CEMTREX,
 INC. 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Saagar Govil 3 

Saagar
 Govil, 

Chairman
 of the Board, CEO, 

President
 and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer) 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Paul J. Wyckoff . 

Paul
 J. Wyckoff, 

Interim
 CFO (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Saagar Govil . 

Saagar
 Govil, 

Chairman
 of the Board, CEO, 

President
 and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer) 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Paul J. Wyckoff . 

Paul
 J. Wyckoff, 

Interim
 CFO (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian Kwon > 

Brian
 Kwon, 

Director 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Manpreet Singh > 

Manpreet
 Singh, 

Director 

December
 30, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Metodi Filipov > 

Metodi
 Filipov, 

Director 

47 

Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contents 
 
 Page(s)

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Cemtrex, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cemtrex, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September
30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as, the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt Regarding the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has sustained net losses and has significant short-term debt obligations, which raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified
with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation
of Goodwill 

Description
of the matter 

At
September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 3.7 million of goodwill. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, goodwill
is tested annually for impairment at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. 

Auditing
the Company s goodwill impairment analyses was complex and highly judgmental due to the nature of qualitive assessment and, where
necessary, the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate
was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as future operating results, cash flows and the weighted average cost of capital. These
significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be materially affected by future market or economic conditions. 

F- 2 

How
we addressed the matter 

We
obtained an understanding of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment evaluation process, including controls over management s
review of the significant assumptions described above. 

Our
audit procedures to test the Company s goodwill impairment analyses included 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of the Company s qualitative assessments and its estimated fair
 value of the reporting units. 
 
 In
 evaluating the estimated fair value of reporting units, we, among other items, evaluated
 management s significant assumptions described above and used within the fair value
 method, and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. 
 
 We
 involved our valuation specialists to assist in assessing fair valuation methodologies utilized
 in the Company s goodwill impairment analyses and to assist in evaluating certain assumptions
 utilized in the analyses, including discount rates. 
 
 We
 assessed the historical accuracy of management s projected cash flows, where applicable,
 and performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes
 in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 We
 assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in the financial statements. 

Related
Party Receivables 

Description
of the matter 

At
September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 1.2 million of related party receivables. These receivables are made up of 0.5 million
of trade receivables, and 0.7 million of royalty receivable. The related party nature of these receivables and associated disclosures
are material to the financial statements and of a highly sensitive nature. 

How
we addressed the matter 

We
obtained an understanding of controls over the Company s accounting and disclosures for related party transactions. 

Our
audit procedures primarily included the following: 

Obtaining
 an understanding of certain related party transaction by reading relevant agreements, as
 applicable; 
 
 In
 certain instance, obtaining confirmations from the related parties to affirm the existence
 of the open receivable and personal guarantees, as applicable; 
 
 Performing
 other audit procedures on certain open balances including, among other things, vouching to
 invoices from the related parties and source documentation representing subsequent cash collections
 of such receivables; 
 
 Scanning
 subledgers and documentation obtained in other audit areas for known related parties; and, 
 
 Finally,
 we evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the matters described above. 

Classification,
Presentation, Accounting treatment and Valuation of Warrants 

Description
of matter 

As
described in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement to issue and sell common
stock and series A, B, and pre-funded warrants during 2024. We identified the evaluation of the classification, presentation, accounting
treatment and fair value of warrants issued as a critical audit matter. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that the evaluation of the classification, presentation, accounting treatment and fair
value of the warrants issued was a critical audit matter is the high degree of subjective auditor judgment associated with evaluating
management s determination of the liability classification and fair values of the warrants issued, which is primarily due to the
underlying terms of the agreement and complexity of the valuation models used and the sensitivity of the underlying significant assumptions.
The key assumptions used within the valuation models included the risk-free rate, stock price, strike price, remaining term, and volatility.
The calculated fair values are sensitive to changes in these key assumptions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the evaluation of acquisition date fair values of the warrants issued included the following, among others: 

We
 read and reviewed the relevant agreements to agree to key terms of the warrants issued to
 determine the accuracy of the warrants issued and proper classification, presentation, and
 accounting treatment. 
 
 We
 vouched to source documentation to validate warrants issued. 
 
 We
 assessed the qualifications and competence of management and the qualifications, competence
 and objectivity of third-party specialists. 
 
 We
 evaluated the methodologies used to determine the fair values of the warrants issued. 
 
 We
 tested the assumptions used within the valuation models to estimate the fair value of the
 warrants issued. 
 
 We
 evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of certain controls over the valuation process,
 including controls over the development of the key assumptions such as the risk-free rate,
 stock price, strike price, remaining term, and volatility. 
 
 We
 involved an internal valuation specialist who assisted in the evaluation and testing performed
 of the reasonableness of significant methods and assumptions to the models. 
 
 We
 assessed the sufficiency of the Company s disclosure of its accounting for these warrants
 issued included in Note 18. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

December
 30, 2024 

Auditor
 PCAOB ID Number 

F- 3 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 
 September
 30, 
 
 Assets 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Current assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash 

Trade receivables,
 net 

Trade receivables,
 net - related party 

Trade receivables,
 net 

Inventory,
 net 

Contract
 assets, net 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total current
 assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use operating lease
 assets 

Royalties receivable, net -
 related party 

Note receivable, net - related
 party 
 - 

Goodwill 

Other 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related party 
 - 

Accounts
 payable 
 - 

Sales tax
 payable 

Revolving
 line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Current
 maturities of long-term liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities - short-term 

Deposits
 from customers 

Accrued
 expenses 

Contract
 liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue 

Accrued
 income taxes 

Total current
 liabilities 

Long-term
 liabilities 

Long-term
 debt 

Long-term
 operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term
 liabilities 

Deferred
 Revenue - long-term 

Warrant
 liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 long-term liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock , 
 par value, shares authorized, Series 1, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding
 as of September 30, 2024 and shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2023 (liquidation value
 of per share) 

Series
 C, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 

Preferred
 stock, value 

Common stock, par
 value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares authorized,
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Treasury stock, shares
 of Series 1 Preferred Stock at September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Total
 Cemtrex stockholders equity 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

For
 the year ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

Revenues 

Security
 Revenue 

Industrial
 Services Revenue 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues, Security 

Cost of revenues, Industrial Services 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Operating expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Research
 and development 

Goodwill
 impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 loss 

Other (expense)/income 

Other(expense)/income,
 net 

Interest
 expense 

Loss on
 excess fair value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total other
 expense, net 

Net loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

Loss from
 Continuing operations 

Income/(loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Less net
 loss in noncontrolling interest 

Net
 loss attributable to Cemtrex, Inc. stockholders 

(Loss)/income per share - Basic Diluted 

Continuing
 Operations 

Discontinued
 Operations 

Weighted Average Number
 of Shares-Basic Diluted 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

For
 the year ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

Net
 loss 

Foreign
 currency translation (loss)/gain 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Comprehensive
 loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Cemtrex, Inc. stockholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Income 
 Equity 
 interest 

Preferred Stock
 Series 1 
 Preferred Stock
 Series C 
 Common Stock
 Par 

Par
 Value 0.001 
 Par
 Value 0.001 
 Value
 0.001 

Additional 
 
 Treasury Stock,
 64,100 shares of Series 1 
 Accumulated other 
 Cemtrex 
 Non- 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Preferred 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Income 
 Equity 
 interest 
 
 Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Foreign currency translation
 loss 

Share-based compensation 

Dividends paid in Series 1
 preferred shares 

- 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Cancellation of treasury stock 

- 

Shares issued to pay for services 

- 

Exercise of prefunded warrants 

Exercise of Series A warrants 

Issuance of roundup shares 

- 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling
 interest 

- 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock
 Series 1 
 Preferred Stock
 Series C 
 Common Stock
 Par 

Par
 Value 0.001 
 Par
 Value 0.001 
 Value
 0.001 

Additional 
 
 Treasury Stock,
 64,100 shares of Series 1 
 Accumulated other 
 Cemtrex 
 Non- 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Preferred 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Income 
 Equity 
 interest 
 
 Balance
 at September 30, 2022 

Balance 

Foreign currency translation
 gain 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation (loss)/gain 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation 

Shares issued to pay notes
 payable 

- 

Dividends paid in Series 1
 preferred shares 

- 

Income/(loss) attributable
 to noncontrolling interest 

- 

Shares issued to pay for services 

- 

Additional rounding shares
 issued for reverse stock split 

- 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 2024 
 2023 

For the year ended 

September 30, 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 2024 
 2023 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain)/loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Noncash lease expense 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Loss on write-off of related party receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 

Shares issued to pay for services 

Interest expense paid in equity shares 
 - 

Accrued interest on notes payable 

Non-cash royalty income 

Amortization of original issue discounts on notes payable 
 - 

Amortization of loan origination costs 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on excess fair value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of effects from acquisition of subsidiaries: 

Trade receivables 

Trade receivables - related party 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 
 - 

Sales tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deposits from customers 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used by operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities - discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Royalties on related party revenues 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired 
 - 

Investment in MasterpieceVR 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds on revolving line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on revolving line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on debt 

Payments on Paycheck Protection Program Loans 

Proceeds on bank loans 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Purchases of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from offerings 
 
 - 
 
 Expenses on offerings 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of currency translation 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Balance Sheet Accounts Included in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds 

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Shares issued to pay notes payable 
 - 

Financing of fixed asset purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Financing of building purchase 
 - 

Financing of acquisition 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment through vendor financing 
 - 

Noncash recognition of new leases 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

Cemtrex
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, reverse stock split on its common stock.
All share and per share data have been retroactively adjusted for the reverse splits. 

Nasdaq
Notices for Listing Deficiencies 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock listed on Nasdaq was below
 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer met the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Capital Market under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), requiring a minimum bid price of per share (the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement ). On January 26, 2023, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq
notifying the Company that, it had been granted an additional 180 days or until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum
Bid Price Requirement based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all
other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company s
written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
On September 8, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel Panel informing the Company that the
Panel has granted the Company a temporary exception to regain compliance with The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s Nasdaq 
or the Exchange Listing Rule 5555(a)(1) (the Bid Price Rule by
no later than January 19, 2024. The Company has announced a special meeting of Series 1 Preferred Stock
shareholders was scheduled for December 26, 2023, to approve the reverse stock split. On December 26, 2023, the meeting was adjourned
to December 29, 2023, due to insufficient votes represented by proxy or virtually in person to constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business at the Special Meeting. On December 29, 2023, there were still insufficient votes represented by proxy or virtually in person
to constitute a quorum thus the resolution did not pass. 

On
January 5, 2024, and January 12, 2024, the Company bought back an aggregate of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock for 
under the Share Repurchase Program approved on August 22, 2023, that allows the Company to repurchase shares of the Series 1 Preferred
Stock through various means, including through privately negotiated transactions and through an open market program. On April 8, 2024,
these shares were cancelled. The Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock was delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market on January 22,
2024. The Series 1 Preferred Stock is now quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol CETXP . Nasdaq filed a Form 25 on March
21, 2024, and the deregistration of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act became effective
for 90 days after filing of the Form 25. 

On
June 14, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company
that, because the closing bid price for the Company s common stock listed on Nasdaq was below for 30 consecutive trading
days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5550(a)(2), requiring a minimum bid price of per share. The notification letter also disclosed that in the event the Company
does not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by December 11, 2024, the Company may be eligible for additional time.
To qualify for additional time, the Company would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and
would need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. 

On
October 23, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq that it had been granted an extension to regain compliance with the Minimum
Stockholder s Equity Requirement. 

The
terms of the extension are as follows: on or before February 17, 2025, the Company must complete the submitted plan and opt for one of
the two following alternatives to evidence compliance with the Rule: 

Alternative
1 : The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report (e.g., a Form
8-K) including: 

5. A
 disclosure of Staff s deficiency letter and the specific deficiency(ies) cited; 

6. A
 description of the completed transaction or event that enabled the Company to satisfy the
 stockholders equity requirement for continued listing; 

7. An
 affirmative statement that, as of the date of the report, the Company believes it has regained
 compliance with the stockholders equity requirement based upon the specific transaction
 or event referenced in Step 2; and 

8. A
 disclosure stating that Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing compliance
 with the stockholders equity requirement and, if at the time of its next periodic
 report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Alternative
2: The Company must furnish to the SEC and Nasdaq a publicly available report including: 

4. Steps
 1 2 set forth above; 

5. A
 balance sheet no older than 60 days with pro forma adjustments for any significant transactions
 or event occurring on or before the report date. The pro forma balance sheet must evidence
 compliance with the stockholders equity requirement; and 

6. A
 disclosure that the Company believes it also satisfies the stockholders equity requirement
 as of the report date and that Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company s ongoing
 compliance with the stockholders equity requirement and, if at the time of its next
 periodic report the Company does not evidence compliance, that it may be subject to delisting. 

Regardless
of which alternative the Company chooses, if the Company fails to evidence compliance upon filing its periodic report for the March 31,
2025, with the SEC and Nasdaq, the Company may be subject to delisting. 

May
2024 Equity Financing and Warrants 

On
May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., in connection with a firm commitment underwritten
public offering of warrants convertible into the Company s common stock. Further details can be found in Note 18 Stockholders 
Equity. 

Going
Concern Considerations 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The going concern basis of presentation
assumes that the Company will continue in operation one year after the date these financial statements are issued and will be able to
realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. Pursuant to the requirements of the
ASC 205, management must evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date these financial statements are issued. 

This
evaluation does not take into consideration the potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented
or are not within control of the Company as of the date the financial statements are issued. When substantial doubt exists under this
methodology, management evaluates whether the mitigating effect of its plans sufficiently alleviates substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The mitigating effect of management s plans, however, is only considered if both (1) it
is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, and
(2) it is probable that the plans, when implemented, will mitigate the relevant conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

The
Company has incurred substantial losses of and for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively, and has debt obligations
over the next fiscal year of and working capital of , that raise substantial doubt with respect to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

While
our working capital and current debt indicate a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern,
the Company has historically, from time to time, satisfied and may continue to satisfy certain short-term liabilities through the issuance
of common stock, thus reducing our cash requirement to meet our operating needs. The Company has in cash as of September 30,
2024. Additionally, the Company has (i) secured a line of credit for its Vicon brand to fund operations, which as of September 30, 2024,
has available capacity of , (ii) continually reevaluate our pricing model on our Vicon brand to improve margins on those products
and introducing new innovative products to grow revenues, (iii) raised in net proceeds through our May 2024 equity financing
and anticipate an additional to million when the Series B warrants are exercised.; and (iv) subsequent to the balance sheet date
has effected a and a reverse stock split on our common stock to remain trading on the Nasdaq Capital Markets, and improve our
ability to potentially raise capital through equity offerings that we may use to satisfy debt. In the event additional capital is raised
through equity offerings and/or debt is satisfied with equity, it may have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. While the
Company believes these plans if successful, would be sufficient to meet the capital demands of our current operations for at least the
next twelve months, there is no guarantee that we will succeed. Overall, there is no guarantee that cash flow from our existing or future
operations and any external capital that we may be able to raise will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs. The Company currently
does not have adequate cash or available liquidity/available capacity on our lines of credit to meet our long-term needs and our above
plans in the short term may prove to be inadequate to continue as a going concern. Thus, despite our cash on hand, our ability to draw
on our credit line, or changes to our pricing models, and other safeguards, we may be unable to meet our obligations as they become due
over the next twelve months beyond the issuance date. 

Overall,
there is no guarantee that cash flow from our existing or future operations and any external capital that we may be able to raise will
be sufficient to meet our working capital needs. The Company currently do not have adequate cash to meet our short or long-term needs.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to this uncertainty. 

and within its allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

The
Company does t have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure to its customers at September 30, 2024, or 2023. 

and in inventory obsolescence reserve at September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

Furniture
 and office equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Computer
 software 
 
 - 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment 

Upon
sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain
or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

of impairment for Goodwill in the Security Segment. For the year September
30, 2023, no impairment of the Company s goodwill was recorded. 

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment
indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated,
then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be
disclosed. 

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.
Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on
the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters
will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

,
 , and as
of September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively, recorded as Deferred revenue. Short-term deferred revenue of 
is expected to be recognized over the next 12 months. 

The Company
records a liability when receiving cash in advance of delivering goods to the customer. The revenue is recognized, and the deposit
is applied to the invoice for those goods when those goods are delivered. The company recorded Deposits from customers of ,
 , and as of September 30,
2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively. These amounts are short-term and are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months. 

Fixed
price contracts 

The
Company s revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of
costs incurred to estimated total costs for each contract. When the job is started and in process, all actual costs incurred (labor and
materials) are processed and reconciled at month end. The percentage of completion and revenue earned is calculated at month end. Billings
are created based on contract criteria agreed upon and reconciled to determine if any costs in excess of billing or billings in excess
of costs exist. Changes in job performance, job conditions, estimated contract costs and profitability, and final contract settlements
may result in revisions to costs and income. The effects of these revisions are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined.
Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. This measurement
and comparison process requires updates to the estimate of total costs to complete the contract, and these updates may include subjective
assessments and judgments. 

Time
and material price contracts 

Revenue
from time and material price contracts is recognized based on costs incurred and projected markup on costs. Revenue from these contracts
will vary based on actual labor, materials and overhead costs charged to the job and the negotiated billing rates. Contracts are initiated
by customers or through bids if with a municipality. Any materials used and time spent within the shop on the job is assigned to the
appropriate job and reconciliated monthly. Management bills the customer and records the revenue earned from contract. Depending on the
contract terms, billings could be based on certain milestones stipulated in the contract. If this is the case, unbilled revenue is recorded
at month end based on time and materials incurred and markup. 

Point-in-time 

Warrants 
 
 - 

Less (loss)/gain in noncontrolling interest 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss applicable to common shareholders 

Weighted Average Number of Shares-Basic Diluted 

Loss per share - Basic Diluted - Continuing Operations 

and a gain of , respectively, which were entirely from foreign currency
translation. 

Great Britain Pound 

- 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

For the year ended September 30, 2023 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 As previously reported 
 Reclassification 
 As revised 
 
 Gain/(loss) on marketible securities 

- 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Payments on bank loans 

- 
 
 Payments on debt 

Trade receivables - related party 

Shares issued to pay for services 
 - 

Accounts payable 

- 
 
 Contract assets, net 
 
 - 

Royalties receivable, net - related party 
 
 - 

Note receivable, net - related party 

- 

The Company carries its accounts
receivables net of an allowance for credit losses. The measurement and recognition of credit losses involves the use of judgment. Management s
assessment of expected credit losses includes consideration of current and expected economic conditions, market and industry factors
affecting the Company s customers (including their financial condition), the aging of account balances, historical credit loss
experience, customer concentrations, and customer creditworthiness. Management evaluates its experience with historical losses and then
applies this historical loss ratio to financial assets with similar characteristics. The Company s historical loss ratio or its
determination of risk pools may be adjusted for changes in customer, economy, market or other circumstances. The Company may also establish
an allowance for credit losses for specific receivables when it is probable that the receivable will not be collected, and the loss can
be reasonably estimated. Amounts are written off against the allowance when they are considered to be uncollectible, and reversals of
previously reserved amounts are recognized if a specifically reserved item is settled for an amount exceeding the previous estimate. 

The
Company will utilize the Probability-of-default method for financing receivables and loans. Expected credit losses are determined by
multiplying the probability of default (i.e., the probability the asset will default within the given time frame) by the loss given default
(the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected because of default). The Company considers sources of repayment associated
with a financial asset when determining its credit losses, including collection against the collateral and certain embedded credit enhancements,
such as guarantees or insurance. The allowance for credit losses was immaterial as of September 30, 2024. 

Trade receivables, net - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Trade receivables, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Contract assets, net 

Royalties receivable, net - related party 
 
 - 

Note receivable, net - related party 

- 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires
public entities to disclose consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and for income
taxes paid. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. The guidance is effective
for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is required
to adopt this standard prospectively in fiscal year 2026 for the annual reporting period ending September 30, 2026. The Company is currently
in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on the consolidated financial statements. 

In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement (Topic 220): Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses , that requires public companies to disclose, in interim and reporting
periods, additional information about certain expenses in the financial statements. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted and is effective
on either a prospective basis or retrospective basis. The Company is currently assessing the potential impacts of adoption on the consolidated
financial statements. 

In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20), which clarifies the requirements
for determining whether certain settlements of convertible debt instruments should be accounted for as an induced conversion. ASU 2024-04
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods.
Early adoption is permitted for all entities that have adopted the amendments in Update 2020-06. Adoption can be on a prospective or
retrospective basis. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on the consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company does not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Industrial
Services 

Cemtrex s
Industrial Services segment operates through the brand, Advanced Industrial Services AIS ), that offers single-source expertise
and services for rigging, millwrighting, in plant maintenance, equipment erection, relocation, and disassembly to diversified customers.
We install high precision equipment in a wide variety of industrial markets like automotive, printing and graphics, industrial automation,
packaging, and chemicals among others. We are a leading provider of reliability-driven maintenance and contracting solutions for the
machinery, packaging, printing, chemical, and other manufacturing markets. The focus is on customers seeking to achieve greater asset
utilization and reliability to cut costs and increase production from existing assets, including small projects, sustaining capital,
turnarounds, maintenance, specialty welding services, and high-quality scaffolding. 

- 

- 

Cost of revenues 

- 

- 

Gross profit 

- 

- 

Operating expenses 

General, and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Research and development 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Goodwill Impairment 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating (loss)/income 

Other (expense)/income 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Identifiable Assets 

Security 

Industrial Services 

Corporate 

Total Assets 

United Kingdom 

India 

September 30, 
 September 30, 
 
 Long-lived Assets 
 2023 
 2023 
 
 United States 

United Kingdom 

India 

- 

- 

At
September 30, 2023, the Company had no fair value assets or liabilities. 

Warrants Exercised 
 
 - 

Fair market revaluation 

Warrant Liabilities at September 30, 2024 

- 

and as of September
30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Additionally, there was of restricted cash in escrow per the purchase agreement with Heisey
Mechanical, Ltd, an additional in escrow related to bond requirements on certain public projects, and in deposit guarantees. 

Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivables,
net, total 

Trade
receivables, net were at September 30, 2022. 

Trade
receivables include amounts due for shipped products and services rendered. 

Allowance
for credit losses include estimated losses resulting from the application of the CECL method to our trade receivables. 

Prepaid inventory 

Deferred costs 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid income taxes 

VAT and GST tax receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets total 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Inventory, net 

Building and leasehold improvements 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computers and software 

Machinery and equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

The
Company completed the annual impairment test of property and equipment and determined that there was no impairment
as the fair value of property and equipment substantially exceeded their carrying values at September 30, 2024. Depreciation and
amortization of property and equipment totaled approximately and
 for
fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively and are recorded as general and administrative expenses on the
Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment
of approximately and for fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively and are recorded as cost of
revenues, Security on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Purchase price allocation adjustment 
 - 

Impairment 
 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2024 
 - 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024, of impairment of the Company s goodwill was recorded. 

As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, accumulated impairment losses of and related to the Security segment
have been recorded. 

investments, on July 18, 2023, and October 5, 2023, made additional 
investments, and on October 17, 2024, and November 18, 2024, made additional investments on each respective date, via a simple
agreement for future equity SAFE in MasterpieceVR. The SAFE provides that the Company will automatically receive shares
of the entity based on the conversion rate of future equity rounds up to a valuation cap, as defined. MasterpieceVR is a software company
that is developing software for content creation using virtual reality. The investment is included in other assets in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet and the Company accounts for this investment and recorded at cost. No impairment has been recorded for the
years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Investment in Masterpiece VR 

Other deposits 

Demonstration equipment supplied to resellers 

Other assets total 

Accrued payable on inventory in transit 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued warranty 

Accrued expenses total 

Net additions: 

Deferred software revenues 

Recognized as revenue: 

Deferred software revenues 

Deferred revenue at end of period 

Less: current portion 

Long-term deferred revenue at end of period 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of , and , respectively, that was previously
included in the beginning balance of deferred revenues. 

Estimated gross profit 

Applicable billings to date 

Net (billings in excess of costs)/earnings in excess of billings, Ending balance 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, that was previously
included in the beginning balance of contract liabilities. 

Changes in revenue billed, contract price or cost estimates 

Contract asset, net, ending balance 

Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated Earnings on Uncompleted Contracts 

Contract liability, beginning balance 

Changes in revenue billed, contract price or cost estimates 

Contract liability, ending balance 

Net Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated Earnings on Uncompleted Contracts 

Net billings in excess of costs, beginning balance 

Changes in revenue billed, contract price or cost estimates 

Net billings in excess of costs, ending balance 

years at September 30, 2024, and years at September 30, 2023. The weighted average discount rate used to measure
lease liabilities was approximately at September 30, 2024, and 2023. The Company used the rate implicit in the lease, where known,
or its incremental borrowing rate as the rate used to discount the future lease payments. 

The
Company s corporate segment leases approximately square feet of office space in Brooklyn, NY on a month-to-month lease at a
rent of per month with of expense for the year ended September 30, 2024 and approximately square feet of office space
in Clovis, CA on a month-to-month lease at a monthly rent of with of expense for the year ended September 30, 2024. The
expense is under the caption General and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Undiscounted lease payments 

Amount representing interest 

Discounted lease payments 

Less short-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Short-term lease costs 
 
 - 
 
 Total lease cost 

from Pathward, N.A. The interest rate will
be a rate which is equal to three percentage points in excess of that rate shown in the Wall Street Journal as the prime rate (the
 Effective Rate and matures twenty-four months from the closing date. This loan is secured by the Company s eligible
accounts receivable and eligible finished goods inventory. The Company s ability to borrow against the line of credit is limited
by the value of the eligible assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had enough eligible assets to access the full credit line.
The Company was in compliance with all loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. The funds were used to pay the NIL Funding term loan
and will fund operations of the Vicon entity. As of September 30, 2024, this loan had a balance of , with remaining unamortized
loan origination fees. There were in available funds as of September 30, 2024. 

Standstill
Agreement 

On
August 31, 2023, the Company and Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville entered into a standstill agreement for the
two notes held by Streeterville Capital, LLC. The terms of this agreement are the earlier of (a) the date that is ninety (90) days from
the Effective Date, and (b) the date that the Company completes an equity offering on either Form S-1 or Form S-3 (the Standstill
Period ), Streeterville Capital, LLC will not seek to redeem any portion of the Notes, and (c) the Company agrees to prepay to
Lender fifty percent of the net proceeds received by Borrower in connection with all equity financings until such time as Borrower
has raised at least in aggregate net proceeds. 

On
April 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Standstill Agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC Streeterville in which
Streeterville agreed not to seek to redeem any portion of its two outstanding notes with the Company for a period of classified as short-term , and in exchange, the Company agreed to pay to Streeterville the greater of
 or fifty percent of the net proceeds the Company receives from the sale of any of its common stock or preferred stock
during the Standstill Period. To date, the Company has paid Streeterville under this agreement. 

Loans
Payable to Bank 

On
September 5, 2024, the Company acquired a loan from Fulton Bank in the amount of in order to fund new equipment for Advanced
Industrial Services, Inc. This loan carries interest of SOFR plus per annum. This loan carries loan covenants which the Company
was in compliance with as of September 30, 2024. This loan is secured by the assets of the Company. 

On
December 5, 2023, the Company acquired a loan from HDFC Bank in the amount of on date of loan acquisition)
in order to fund a vehicle for Cemtrex Technologies Pvt, Ltd., Inc. This loan carries interest of per annum. This loan was paid
in full prior to the maturity date on June 3, 2024. 

Fulton Bank - fund equipment for AIS. The Company was in compliance with loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. This loan is secured by certain assets of the Company. 
 SOFR plus as of September 30, 2024 and as of September 30, 2023). 

Fulton Bank - fund equipment for AIS. The Company was in compliance with loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. This loan is secured by certain assets of the Company. 
 SOFR plus as of September 30, 2024 and as of September 30, 2023). 

- 

Fulton Bank mortgage . The Company was in compliance with loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. This loan is secured by the underlying asset. 
 SOFR plus on September 30, 2024 and on September 30, 2023). 

Fulton Bank (HEISEY) - mortgage loan; requires ; The loan is collateralized by 615 Florence Street and 740 Barber Street and guaranteed by AIS and Cemtrex. 
 SOFR plus per annum as of September 30, 2024 and as of September 30, 2023). 

Fulton Bank (HEISEY) - . promissory note related to purchase of Heisey; ; The note is collateralized by the Heisey assets and guaranteed by the Parent; matures in 2030. 
 SOFR plus per annum as of September 30, 2024 and as of September 30, 2023). 

Note payable - - Less original issue discount and legal fees , net cash received Unamortized original issue discount balance of , as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

Note payable - . Less original issue discount and legal fees ,net cash received . shares of common stock valued at recognized as additional original issue discount. Unamortized original issue discount balance of as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

Note Payable - For the purchase of Heisey Mechanical, Ltd. 

- 

Term Loan Agreement with NIL Funding Corporation NIL - The Company was in compliance with loan covenants as of September 30, 2023. 

- 

Paycheck Protection Program loan - - The issuing bank determined that this loan qualifies for loan forgiveness; however the Company is awaiting final approval from the Small Business Administration. 

Software License Agreement - , for the purchase of software source code for use in our Security segment products 
 N/A 
 
 - 

Total debt 

Less: Current maturities 

Long-term debt 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fulton Bank - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fulton Bank - 

- 

Fulton Bank - Mil 

Fulton Bank - Mortgage #1 

Fulton Bank - Mortgage #2 

PPP Loans 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Notes Payable 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

TOTAL 

and ,
respectively, payable due to Ducon Technologies, Inc., which is controlled by Aron Govil, the Company s Founder and Former Director
and CFO. As of September 30, 2023, there were 
 of receivables due from Ducon Technologies, Inc.
The Company negotiated a payment agreement regarding past receivables and other liabilities due to Cemtrex, Inc. totaling .
This agreement was in the form of a secured promissory note earning interest at a rate of 
per annum and matured on . The Company did not receive payment
on this note at the maturity date and placed a full allowance on the note during fiscal year 2024 and appears on the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss under general and administrative expenses. 

 On
February 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Aron Govil regarding a dispute over an alleged misappropriation
of funds. 

As
part of the Settlement Agreement, Mr. Govil was required to pay the Company consideration with a total value of (the Settlement
Amount by entering into the Agreement. The Settlement Amount was satisfied in a combination of Mr. Govil forfeiting certain Preferred
Stock and outstanding options and executing a secured note in the amount of . The Independent Board of Directors in coordination
with Management concluded the settlement represented fair value. 

Mr.
Govil also executed a secured promissory note (the Note in the amount of . The Note matured and was due in full
in and boar interest at per annum and was secured by all of Mr. Govil s assets. Mr. Govil also agreed to sign an affidavit
confessing judgment in the event of a default on the Note. In accordance with ASC 450-30, Gain Contingencies, the Company determined
the gain will not be recognized until the note is paid. Accordingly, the note and associated gain is not presented on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company has not received payment on
this note to date. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company entered into two Asset Purchase Agreements and one Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE with the Company s CEO, Saagar Govil, to secure the sale of the subsidiaries Cemtrex Advanced Technologies, Inc, which include
the brand SmartDesk, and Cemtrex XR, Inc., which include the brands Cemtrex XR, Virtual Driver Interactive, Bravo Strong, and good tech
(formerly Cemtrex Labs), to Mr. Govil. The successor Company conducts business under the name CXR, Inc. 

On
November 22, 2022, the Company completed the above disposition for the following consideration. 

Cemtrex
 XR, Inc. 

comprised of: 

in cash payable at Closing; and 

royalty of all revenues on 
 at the end of the three-year period, Purchaser shall be obligated to pay the difference between
 and the royalties paid. 

Cemtrex
 Advanced Technologies, Inc. 

in cash payable at Closing; and 

royalty of all revenues on ; and 

The
Company s Board of Directors, excluding Saagar Govil who abstained from all voting on these agreements, approved these actions
and agreements. 

Due
to the on-going losses and risk associated with the SmartDesk business the Company has valued the royalty and SAFE agreement associated
with the SmartDesk sale at and considers such consideration to be a gain contingency. All receivables due from SmartDesk, Inc, have
a full allowance placed on them, no payments have been received. 

Based
on sales projections for Cemtrex XR, Inc., the Company does not believe that it will exceed the sales levels required to exceed the 
royalties due and has not accounted for any additional royalties at this time. In accordance with ASC 310 Receivables, the
Company has discounted the royalties due to and during the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 the Company recognized 
and of royalties due, respectively, and will amortize the remaining amount over the period the royalties are due. Additionally,
the Company received in royalty payments. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there was in
trade receivables due from CXR, Inc. Of these receivables 
 are
related to costs paid by Cemtrex related to payroll during the transition of employees to the new company and some subscription services
that are set up on auto pay with a credit card. 
 is
related to the current amount of royalties due and the remaining 
 is
related to services provided by Cemtrex Technologies Pvt. Ltd. in the normal course of business. These balances are presented on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption Trade receivables - related party . The long-term balance of royalties of
 
 is
presented on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption Note receivable, net - related party . During
Fiscal year 2024, the Company recognized 
 of
revenue from CXR, Inc. 

shares of Preferred Stock, par value. As of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023,
there were and shares issued and and shares outstanding, respectively. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Each
issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Share shall be entitled to the number of votes per share equal to the result of: (i) the number
of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 1.01; divided by (ii) the total
number of Series A Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of shareholders of the Company with
respect to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for their action or consideration, including the election
of directors. Holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of Common Shares as a single class. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has liquidation value or preference. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has redemption rights. 

As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On
October 3, 2019, pursuant to Article IV of our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors voted to designate a class of preferred
stock entitled Series C Preferred Stock, consisting of up to one hundred thousand shares, par value . 

The
Series C Preferred Stock has liquidation value or preference. 

The
Series C Preferred Stock has redemption rights. 

As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series
1 Preferred Stock 

Dividends 

Holders
of the Series 1 Preferred will be entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at the rate of of the purchase price per year, payable
semiannually on the last day of March and September in each year. Dividends may also be paid, at our option, in additional shares of
Series 1 Preferred, valued at their liquidation preference. The Series 1 Preferred rank senior to the common stock with respect to dividends.
Dividends will be entitled to be paid prior to any dividend to the holders of our common stock. 

Liquidation
Preference 

The
Series 1 Preferred has a liquidation preference of per share, equal to its purchase price. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of our company, any amounts remaining available for distribution to stockholders after payment of all liabilities of our
company will be distributed first to the holders of Series 1 Preferred, and then pari passu to the holders of the Series A preferred
stock and our common stock. The holders of Series 1 Preferred have preference over the holders of our common stock on any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of our company. The holders of Series 1 Preferred also have preference over the holders of our Series A preferred
stock. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as otherwise provided in the certificate of designation, preferences and rights or as required by law, the Series 1 Preferred will vote
together with the shares of our common stock (and not as a separate class) at any annual or special meetings of stockholders. Except
as required by law, each holder of shares of Series 1 Preferred will be entitled to two votes for each share of Series 1 Preferred held
on the record date as though each share of Series 1 Preferred were 2 shares of our common stock. Holders of the Series 1 Preferred will
vote as a class on any amendment altering or changing the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series 1 Preferred so as to affect
them adversely. 

No
Conversion 

The
Series 1 Preferred will not be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock or any other security. 

Rank 

The
Series 1 Preferred will rank with respect to distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution and dividend rights,
as applicable: 

senior
 to our Series A preferred stock, common stock and any other class of capital stock we issue
 in the future unless the terms of that stock provide that it ranks senior to any or all of
 the Series 1 Preferred; 

on
 a parity with any class of capital stock we issue in the future the terms of which provide
 that it will rank on a parity with any or all of the Series 1 Preferred; 

junior
 to each class of capital stock issued in the future the terms of which expressly provide
 that such capital stock will rank senior to the Series 1 Preferred and the common stock;
 and 

junior
 to all of our existing and future indebtedness. 

Redemption 

Shares
of Series 1 Preferred may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Corporation, by the Corporation by giving notice of
such redemption at any time. Notice of redemption may be given either by mailing notice to the holders of record or by public announcement,
by press release or otherwise. If notice is given by public announcement, by press release or otherwise, such notice shall be effective
as of the date of such announcement, regardless of whether notice is also mailed or otherwise given to holders of record. The redemption
price for any shares of Series 1 Preferred to be redeemed (the Redemption Price shall be payable in cash, out of funds
legally available therefor, and shall be equal to the Preference Amount, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. If fewer than all of
the outstanding shares of Series 1 Preferred are to be redeemed at any time, the Corporation may choose to redeem shares proportionally
from all holders or may choose the shares to be redeemed by lot or by any other equitable method. 

The
Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock was suspended from the Nasdaq Capital Market on January 22, 2024. The Series 1 Preferred Stock
is now quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol CETXP. 

Nasdaq
filed a Form 25 on March 21, 2024. The deregistration of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act became effective 90 days after filing of the Form 25. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock were issued to pay dividends to holders
of Series 1 Preferred Stock. respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, there were and shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock issued and 
and shares outstanding, respectively. The Company currently holds shares of Series 1 Stock in Treasury stock. 

On
August 22, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board of Cemtrex, Inc. authorized and approved a share repurchase program
for up to shares of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock over a period of 3 years,
starting on September 1, 2023, and ending on August 31, 2026. Under the stock repurchase program, the Company intends to repurchase shares
through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal
securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company has bought back and later cancelled shares into treasury for under the
Share Repurchase Program approved on August 22, 2023, that allows the Company to repurchase shares of the Series 1 Preferred Stock through
various means, including through privately negotiated transactions and through an open market program. 

The
Board also authorized the Company to enter into written trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. Adopting a trading plan
that satisfies the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 allows a company to repurchase its shares at times when it might otherwise be prevented
from doing so due to self-imposed trading blackout periods or pursuant to insider trading laws. Under any Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, the
Company s third-party broker, subject to Securities and Exchange Commission regulations regarding certain price, market, volume
and timing constraints, would have authority to purchase the Company s Series 1 Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of
the plan. The Company may from time to time enter into Rule 10b5-1 trading plans to facilitate the repurchase of its Series 1 Preferred
Stock pursuant to its share repurchase program. 

The
Company cannot predict when or if it will repurchase any shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock as such stock repurchase program will depend
on a number of factors, including constraints specified in any Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, price, general business and market conditions,
and alternative investment opportunities. 

Common
Stock 

On
October 2, 2024, and November 26, 2024, the Company completed a and , respectively, reverse stock split on its common
stock. All share and per share data have been retroactively adjusted for the reverse splits. 

On
August 2, 2024, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from to shares, par
value. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares issued and outstanding and at September 30, 2023, there were shares
issued and outstanding. 

May
2024 Equity Financing 

On
May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis Capital Corp., in connection with a firm commitment underwritten
public offering (the Offering ), providing for the issuance of 

In
addition, the Company granted the Underwriter a 45-day option to purchase additional shares of common stock and/or Pre-Funded
Warrants, representing up to of the number of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants sold in the Offering, and/or additional 
Series A Warrants representing up to of the Series A Warrants sold in the Offering, and/or additional Series B Warrants
representing up to of the Series B Warrants sold in the Offering to cover over-allotments, if any. The Offering closed on May 3,
2024. An aggregate of Units (which includes shares of common stock), Pre-Funded Units (which includes 
Pre-Funded Warrants), and a Series A Warrant and a Series B Warrant were sold in the Offering. On May 3, 2024, the Underwriter partially
exercised its over-allotment option with respect to Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. The aggregate gross
proceeds to the Company were , before deducting underwriting discounts and other issuance expenses of . The underwriting
discounts and other issuance expenses were expensed since the Series A, Series B, and Pre-Funded Warrants were each determined to be
liabilities and recorded at their fair value. 

May
2024 Warrants 

The
Company evaluated the Series A, Series B, and Prefunded Warrants (collectively, the Warrants in accordance with the guidance
at ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined that the Warrants are precluded
from being considered indexed to the entity s own stock, resulting in the Warrants being classified as a liability. The fair value
of the Series A Warrants was determined based on the stock price on issuance of multiplied by the total number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A alternative cashless exercise. Under the alternative cashless exercise, the Holder is entitled
to receive three times the normal number of shares issued in a cash exercise. The Series A Holder may only execute the alternative
cashless exercise after Stockholder Approval (and received June 17, 2024); at the time of issuance, Stockholder Approval was deemed perfunctory
and almost certain to occur, and the most likely settlement option would be through the alternative cashless exercise. In addition, beginning on the date of the Warrant Stockholder Approval, the Warrants will contain a reset of the
exercise price to a price equal to the lesser of (i) the then-current exercise price and (ii) lowest volume weighted average price for
the five trading days immediately preceding and immediately following the date we effect a reverse stock split in the future with a proportionate
adjustment to the number of shares underlying the Warrants. As such, upon
issuance, the total fair value of the Series A Warrants was , which was based on units issued under the alternative
cashless exercise. The measurement of fair value of the Series B Warrants were determined utilizing a Black-Scholes model considering
all relevant assumptions current at the date of issuance (i.e., share price of , exercise price of , term of , volatility
of , risk-free rate of , and expected dividend rate of ). The grant date fair value of these Series B Warrants was estimated
to be on May 3, 2024, and such warrants
were classified as liabilities. Due to the nominal exercise price, the fair value of the Prefunded Warrants was based on the intrinsic
value of each Warrant on the grant date. The intrinsic value was calculated based on the May 3, 2024, stock price of and the strike
price of , resulting in a total fair value of . The total fair value of the Warrants upon issuance was . Given
that the gross proceeds received of was less than the total fair value of the liability classified Warrants, the Company
recorded a loss on excess fair value of at issuance. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to satisfy the Prefunded Warrants described above and 
shares of common stock to satisfy Series
A Warrants. 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants forfeited 
 - 

Warrants cancelled 
 - 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

shares. These options have an exercise price of per share, which vested upon grant, and they expire
after seven years. Additionally, Mr. Govil was granted additional future options; 

(i)
 shares of the Corporation s common stock, CETX at an exercise price of per share vesting on September 25,
2021; 

 (ii)
 shares of the Corporation s common stock, CETX at an exercise price of per share vesting on September 25, 2023;
and 

 (iii)
 shares of the Corporation s common stock, CETX at an exercise price of per share vesting on September 25,
2025. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 the Company recognized and of share-based compensation expense on its outstanding
options, respectively. The share-based compensation is listed under the caption General and administrative expenses on
the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

- 
 
 Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options cancelled 

- 
 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

- 
 
 Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

- 
 
 Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 

- 

, allows net operating losses incurred in 2018 and beyond to be carried forward indefinitely, allows alternative
minimum tax carryforwards to be partially refunded, beginning in 2018, and fully refunded by 2021, and creates new taxes on certain foreign
sourced earnings. 

At
September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 
of federal, 
of state, and 
of foreign net operating loss carryforwards. . The company is currently reviewing net operating losses for Section 382 limitation purposes and will make any
required adjustments to the net operating losses at the completion of the study. 

Foreign 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Foreign 

Total current (benefit)/provision 

Deferred provision 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred provision 
 - 
 - 

Total (benefit)/provision for income taxes 

State taxes, net of federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign tax rate differential 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Return to provision 
 - 

State Rate Change 
 - 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Write-Off of Related Party Note with Majority Owner 
 - 

Issuance Costs - Equity Financing 
 - 

Fair Value Adjustments on Warrants 

Global intangible income 
 
 - 
 
 Other permanent differences 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 - 
 - 

Inventory and other reserves 

Allowance for bad debt 

Interest Expense Limitation 

Accruals 

Capitalized R D 

Warranty reserve 

Other 

Total gross deferred taxes 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 

Prepaid expenses 

Goodwill amortization 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 - 
 - 

Management
has concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized and has reduced the asset by a valuation
allowance. 

in a separate transaction. 

Heisey
provides the water treatment industry with a variety of fabricated vessels and equipment including ASME pressure vessels, heat exchangers,
mix tanks, reactors, and other specialized fabricated equipment. Additionally, the contracting team assists with installation and service
of fabricated items. The company has over square feet of manufacturing floor space in its facility and an experienced staff of
fabricators, welders, and field mechanics. 

The
purchase price allocation presented below compares the preliminary allocation which was developed based on an estimate of fair values
of Heisey s identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of July 1, 2023, compared to the final
allocation. 

Seller s note 

Financed amount 

Total consideration transferred 

Purchase Price Allocation: 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Machinery and equipment 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Goodwill 

Total consideration transferred 

The
unaudited pro forma summary below presents the results of operations as if the Heisey acquisition occurred on October 1, 2022. Proforma
adjustments for the twelve months ended September 30, 2023, includes of depreciation expense from acquired fixed assets, 
of interest expense on the debt used in the acquisition. The pro forma summary uses estimates and assumptions based on information available
at the time. Management believes the estimates and assumptions to be reasonable however, actual results may have differed significantly
from this unaudited pro forma financial information. The unaudited pro forma information does not reflect any cost savings, operating
synergies or revenue enhancements that might have been achieved from combining the operations. 

Net loss 

On
August 30, 2023, the Company acquired a mortgage in the amount of from Fulton Bank to finance the purchase of the properties
formerly owned by Heisey Mechanical Ltd. The mortgage carries interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus and matures
on September 30, 2043. 

Due
to the on-going losses and risk associated with the SmartDesk business the Company has valued the royalty and SAFE agreement associated
with the SmartDesk sale at and considers such consideration to be a gain contingency. 

Based
on sales projections for Cemtrex XR, Inc., the Company does not believe that it will exceed the sales levels required to exceed the 
royalties due and has not accounted for any additional royalties at this time. In accordance with ASC 310 Receivables, the
Company has discounted the royalties due to and during the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 the Company recognized 
and of royalties due, respectively, and will amortize the remaining amount over the period the royalties are due. Additionally,
the Company received in royalty payments. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there was in trade receivables due from CXR, Inc. Of these receivables are related to costs paid
by Cemtrex related to payroll during the transition of employees to the new company and some subscription services that are set up on
auto pay with a credit card. is related to the current amount of royalties due and the remaining is related to services
provided by Cemtrex Technologies Pvt. Ltd. in the normal course of business. These balances are presented on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets under the caption Trade receivables - related party . The long-term balance of royalties of is presented
on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption Note receivable, net - related party . During Fiscal
year 2024, the Company recognized of revenue from CXR, Inc. 

Less cash and cash equivalents transferred 

Less liabilities assumed 

Net purchase price 

Assets Sold 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Total Assets Sold 

Liabilities Transferred 

Accounts payable 

Short-term liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities Transferred 

Net assets sold 

Pretax loss on sale of Cemtrex Advanced Technologies, Inc, and Cemtrex XR, Inc. 

During
the first quarter of fiscal 2023, Vicon completed the closure of its discontinued operating entity Vicon Systems, Ltd. located in Israel.
The Company received funds related to benefit obligations of , which at the time of operational closure were not guaranteed to
be retrievable. The company paid in consulting fees for assistance in retrieving these funds. The net amount of is recognized
on the Company s Consolidated Income Statement as part of the Loss on Discontinued Operations. 

Gain/(loss)
from discontinued operations, net of tax and the loss on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax, of Cemtrex Advanced Technologies,
Inc. and Cemtrex XR, Inc., sold during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, which are presented in total as discontinued operations,
net of tax in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are as follows. 

Cost of sales 
 - 

Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses 

Other (income)/expenses 
 - 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Amortization of discounted royalties 

Loss on sale of discontinued operations 
 - 

Adjustment of benefit obligation 
 - 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 
 
 Discontinued operations, net of tax 

shares of its Series 1 Preferred Stock to for dividends. The dividend was paid to shareholders
of record as of September 30, 2024 . 

Common
shares issued subsequent to financial statements date 

On
various dates subsequent to September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were issued to satisfy Series A Warrants with an aggregate strike price value of and
a fair market value of . 

On
various dates subsequent to September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were issued to satisfy Series B Warrants with an aggregate
strike price value of and a fair market value of . 

On
various dates during November and December 2024, shares of common stock were issued to make up for fractional shares from the
November 26, 2024 reverse stock split. 

Strategic
Investment 

On
October 17, 2024, and November 18, 2024, the Company made an additional investment, on each date via a simple agreement for future
equity SAFE in MasterpieceVR. The SAFE provides that the Company will automatically receive shares of the entity based
on the conversion rate of future equity rounds up to a valuation cap, as defined. 

Common
Stock Reverse Stock Split 

On
October 2, 2024 and November 26, 2024, the Company completed a and , respectively, reverse stock split of its common stock.
All share and per share data have been retroactively adjusted for the reverse splits. 

Issuance of Note payable 

On
November 21, 2024, the Company issued a note payable to Streeterville Capital, LLC, in the amount of . This note carries interest
of and matures on . After
deduction of an original issue discount of and legal fees of , the Company received in cash. 

F- 41 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

EXHIBIT
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 70,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 1,000,000 shares are designated as series A preferred stock, 100,000 are designated as series
C preferred stock and 3,000,000 shares are designated as series 1 preferred stock. As of December 23, 2024, 1,724,162 shares of common
stock were issued and outstanding, 50,000 shares of Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding and 2,579,994 shares of series 1
preferred stock were issued and 2,515,894 outstanding. 

As
of December 23, 2024, there were an aggregate of 18 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of our outstanding
stock options at a weighted average exercise price of 105,259 per share. 

As
of December 23, 2024, there were an aggregate of 3,566,722 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of our
Series A and Series B Warrants. The Series A Warrants have an alternative cashless exercise which entitles the holder to a 1 for 3 warrant
to common share ratio. The Series B Warrants have an exercise price of 3.1488 and are exercisable into one share per warrant. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Power; Dividends. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders and have the right to vote cumulatively for the election of directors. This means that in the voting at our annual meeting,
each stockholder or his proxy, may multiply the number of his shares by the number of directors to be elected then cast the resulting
total number of votes for a single nominee, or distribute such votes on the ballot among the nominees as desired. Holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available
therefor, subject to any preferential dividend rights for our outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation,
Dissolution and Winding Up. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to
receive ratably our net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of holders
of any of our outstanding preferred stock. 

Preemptive
and Other Rights. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights,
preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders
of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Our
common stockholders may not receive any assets or funds until our creditors have been paid in full and the preferential or participating
rights of our preferred stockholders have been satisfied. If we participate in a corporate merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition
of property or stock, or other reorganization, any payments or shares of stock allocated to our common stockholders will be distributed
pro-rata to holders of our common stock on a per share basis. If we redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire for payment any shares of
our common stock, we will treat each share of common stock identically. 

We
may issue additional shares of our common stock and our preferred stock, if authorized by the board, without the common stockholders 
approval, unless required by Delaware law or a stock exchange on which our securities are traded. If we receive the appropriate payment,
shares of our common stock that we issue will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

Nasdaq
Capital Market. Our shares of common stock are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CETX. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Clear Trust LLC, Lutz, Florida. 

Preferred
Stock 

Under
our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, without further stockholder action, to issue up to 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock in one or more series, with such powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional and
other rights and such qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof as shall be set forth in the resolutions providing therefor.
We have no present plans to issue any additional shares of preferred stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Pursuant
to the certificate of designation relating to those shares, each issued and outstanding share of series A preferred stock is entitled
to the number of votes equal to the result of (i) the total number of shares of common stock outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied
by 1.01, and divided by (ii) the total number of shares of series A preferred stock outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting
of our stockholders with respect to any and all matters presented to our stockholders for their action or consideration, including the
election of directors. 

Our
series A preferred stock has equal distribution rights with our common stockholders upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our
company, and otherwise has no pre-emptive, subscription, conversion or redemption rights. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On
October 3, 2019, pursuant to Article IV of our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors voted to designate a class of preferred
stock entitled Series C Preferred Stock, consisting of up to one hundred thousand (100,000) shares, par value 0.001. Under the Certificate
of Designation, holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to the number of votes per share equal to the result of (i) the total
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 10.01, and divided by (ii) the total number of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of our shareholders with respect to any and all matters
presented to our shareholders for their action or consideration, including the election of directors. 

Series
1 Preferred 

As
of December 23, 2024, 2,579,994 shares of series 1 preferred stock (the series 1 preferred ), were issued and 2,515,894
outstanding having the following powers, preferences and rights: 

Dividends.
 Holders of the series 1 preferred are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 10 of the purchase price
per year, payable semiannually on the last day of March and September in each year. Dividends may also be paid, at our option, in additional
shares of series 1 preferred, valued at their liquidation preference. The series 1 preferred ranks senior to the common stock with respect
to dividends. Dividends will be entitled to be paid prior to any dividend to the holders of our common stock. 

Liquidation
Preference. The series 1 preferred has a liquidation preference of 10.00 per share, equal to its purchase price. In the event
of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, any amounts remaining available for distribution to stockholders after
payment of all liabilities of our company will be distributed first to the holders of series 1 preferred, and then pari passu to the
holders of the series A preferred stock and our common stock. The holders of series 1 preferred have preference over the holders of our
common stock on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company. The holders of series 1 preferred also have preference over
the holders of our series A preferred stock. 

Voting
Rights. Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of designation, preferences and rights or as required by law, the series
1 preferred vote together with the shares of our common stock (and not as a separate class) at any annual or special meetings of stockholders.
Except as required by law, each holder of shares of series 1 preferred is entitled to two votes for each share of series 1 preferred
held on the record date as though each share of series 1 preferred were two shares of our common stock. Holders of the series 1 preferred
vote as a class on any amendment altering or changing the powers, preferences or rights of the series 1 preferred so as to affect them
adversely. 

No
Conversion . The series 1 preferred are not convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock or any other security. 

Rank.
 The series 1 preferred ranks with respect to distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution and dividend
rights, as applicable: 

senior
 to our series A preferred stock, common stock and any other class of capital stock we issue in the future unless the terms of that
 stock provide that it ranks senior to any or all of the series 1 preferred; 

on
 a parity with any class of capital stock we issue in the future the terms of which provide that it will rank on a parity with any
 or all of the series 1 preferred; 

junior
 to each class of capital stock issued in the future the terms of which expressly provide that such capital stock will rank senior
 to the series 1 preferred and the common stock; and 

junior
 to all of our existing and future indebtedness. 

In
addition, the series 1 preferred, with respect to rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, will be structurally subordinated
to existing and future indebtedness of our company and subsidiaries, as well as the capital stock of our subsidiaries held by third parties. 

Redemption.
 We may mandatorily redeem any or all of the series 1 preferred at any time and from time to time at our option, by giving notice
(by issuing a press release or otherwise making a public announcement, by mailing a notice of redemption or otherwise). If we redeem
fewer than all of the outstanding shares of series 1 preferred, we may select the shares to be redeemed by redeeming shares proportionally,
by lot, or by any other equitable method. The mandatory redemption price for any shares of series 1 preferred is an amount equal to the
 10.00 purchase price per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption. 

From
and after any applicable redemption date, if funds necessary for the redemption are available and have been irrevocably deposited or
set aside, then: 

the
 shares will no longer be deemed outstanding; 

the
 holders of the shares, as such, will cease to be stockholders; and 

all
 rights with respect to the shares of series 1 preferred will terminate except the right of the holders to receive the redemption
 price, without interest. 

We
may also repurchase, outside of our mandatory redemption rights, any shares of series 1 preferred in privately-negotiated transactions
or in open market purchases on Nasdaq, subject to applicable regulations regarding issuer repurchases of their capital stock. In such
cases, we would most likely do so at prices lower than the price at which we are entitled to mandatorily redeem the shares. 

No
Other Rights. The holders of the series 1 preferred have no preemptive or preferential or other rights to purchase or subscribe
to any stock, obligations, warrants or other securities of ours. 

Trading.
 The series 1 preferred is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CETXP. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar. Clear Trust, LLC, Florida, is the transfer agent and registrar for our series 1 preferred. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

The
terms of our shares of series A, none are issued and outstanding at this time, and series C preferred stock, held by Saagar Govil, our
CEO, may also have the effect of discouraging a takeover of our company. Pursuant to the certificate of designation for our Series A
preferred stock, each outstanding share of Series A preferred stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the result of (i) the
total number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 1.01, divided by (ii) the total number
of shares of our series A preferred stock outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of stockholders of our company with respect
to any and all matters presented to our stockholders for their action or consideration, including the election of directors. Pursuant
to the certificate of designation for our Series C preferred stock, each issued and outstanding Series C Preferred Share shall be entitled
to the number of votes equal to the result of: (i) the number of shares of common stock of the Company (The Common Shares issued and outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 10.01; divided by (ii) the total number of Series C Preferred Shares issued
and outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of shareholders of the Company with respect to any and all matters presented
to the shareholders of the Company for their action or consideration, including the election of directors. Holders of Series C Preferred
Shares shall vote together with the holders of Common Shares as a single class. As a result of Saagar Govil s ownership of our
Series C preferred stock, our management stockholders control, and will control in the future, substantially all matters requiring
approval by the stockholders of our company, including the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.
Given this continuing voting interest of our series A preferred stock and series C preferred stock, its holder will be able to exert
significant influence over all corporate activities including the outcome of tender offers, mergers, proxy contests or other purchases
of common stock, which could discourage others from initiating changes of control. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, in order to combat greenmail, provides in general that any direct or indirect purchase by
us of any of our voting stock or rights to acquire voting stock known to be beneficially owned by any person or group which holds more
than 5 of a class of our voting stock and which has owned the securities being purchased for less than two years must be approved by
the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of voting stock, subject to certain exceptions.
The prohibition of greenmail may tend to discourage or foreclose certain acquisitions of our securities, which might temporarily
increase the price of our securities. Discouraging the acquisition of a large block of our securities by an outside party may also have
a potential negative effect on takeovers. Parties seeking control of our company through large acquisitions of our securities will not
be able to resort to greenmail should their bid fail, thus making such a bid less attractive to persons seeking to initiate
a takeover effort. 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Section 203 prohibits certain publicly held
Delaware corporations from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period
of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business
combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions
resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder 
is a person or entity who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within the preceding three years, did own) 15 or more of
the corporation s voting stock. The statute contains provisions enabling a corporation to avoid the statute s restrictions
if the stockholders holding a majority of the corporation s voting stock approve. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (whether or not by or in the right
of the company) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, incorporator, employee or agent of the company, or is or
was serving at the request of the company as a director, officer, incorporator, employee or agent of another company, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be entitled to be indemnified by the company to the full extent then permitted by law or to
the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall deem proper or permissible under the circumstance, whichever is greater, against
expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amount paid in settlement incurred by such person in connection with
such action, suit or proceeding. Such right of indemnification shall inure whether or not the claim asserted is based on matters which
pre-date the company s adoption of the indemnification provisions in its certificate of incorporation. Furthermore, such right
of indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, incorporator, employee or agent and will inure
to the benefit of the heirs and personal representatives of such person. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of consolidated 
 State or other jurisdiction of 
 Date of incorporation or formation 
 Attributable 
 
 subsidiary or entity 
 incorporation or organization 
 (date of acquisition, if applicable) 
 interest 

Advanced Industrial Services, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 
 July 20, 1984 (December 15, 2015) 
 100 
 
 Advanced Industrial Leasing, Inc. 
 Pennsylvania 
 July 20, 1984 (December 15, 2015) 
 100 
 
 Cemtrex Technologies Pvt Ltd. 
 India 
 December 21, 2017 
 100 
 
 Vicon Industries, Inc. 
 New York 
 March 23, 2018 
 93 
 
 Vicon Industries Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 March 23, 2018 
 93 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Cemtrex, Inc. on Form S-3 dated July 21, 2020, and
Form S-8 dated August 17, 2020 of our report dated December 28, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements
Cemtrex, Inc. as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2023, appearing
in this Current Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
Grassi Co., CPAs, P.C. 

Jericho,
New York 

December
28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I,
Saagar Govil, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Cemtrex, Inc., for the fiscal year ended September
 30, 2024; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Saagar Govil 

Saagar
 Govil, 

Chairman
 of the Board, CEO, 

President
 and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I,
Paul J. Wyckoff certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Cemtrex, Inc.,
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Paul J Wyckoff 

Paul
 J. Wyckoff, 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Cemtrex, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Saagar Govil, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Saagar Govil 

Saagar
 Govil, 

Chairman
 of the Board, CEO, 

President
 and Secretary (Principal Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Cemtrex, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul J. Wyckoff, Interim Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Paul J. Wyckoff 

Paul
 J. Wyckoff, 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cetx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cetx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cetx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cetx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

