<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K_edgar_data_1872371_0001872371-24-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30461307</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>896240</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2618519</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15139168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3954269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7264408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001872371-24-000014.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241218183312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001872371-24-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001872371
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				876478015
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01471
		FILM NUMBER:		241560551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 S. GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-830-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 S. GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oaktree Opportunistic Income Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001872371-24-000014.txt : 20241219

10-K
 1
 oscf-20240930.htm
 10-K

oscf-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 

(State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: 
 ) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act 
 
 Class Outstanding at December 17, 2024 Class I shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value 
 Class S shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value 
 Class D shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value 
 Class T shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value 
 Common shares outstanding exclude December 1, 2024 subscriptions because the issuance price is not yet finalized as of the date hereof. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was established public market for the registrant s common shares of beneficial interest. 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 71 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 71 
 Item 2. Properties 
 72 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 72 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 72 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 73 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 76 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 77 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 101 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 103 
 Item 9. Changes in the Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 171 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 171 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 171 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 171 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 172 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 177 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 178 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence 
 178 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 180 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 180 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 183 
 Signatures 
 184 

1 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Business . 
 
 General 
 Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund (together with its subsidiaries, where applicable, the Company , which may also be referred to as we, us or our is structured as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. On February 3, 2022, we elected to be regulated as a business development company (a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act ). We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Code ). 
 We are a Delaware statutory trust formed on November 24, 2021 and are externally managed by Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (the Adviser and, collectively with its affiliates, Oaktree pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (as amended and restated, the Investment Advisory Agreement ), between us and the Adviser. The Adviser is an affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. OCM and a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC OCG ). In 2019, Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), a subsidiary of OCM, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate. 
 Our investment objective is to generate stable current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to meet our investment objective by primarily investing in private debt opportunities. 
 We have the authority to issue an unlimited number of common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share Common Shares ). We are offering on a best efforts, continuous basis up to 5.0 billion aggregate offering price of Common Shares (the Maximum Offering Amount pursuant to an offering registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We are authorized to offer to sell any combination of four classes of Common Shares: Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the Maximum Offering Amount. The share classes have different ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 We accepted purchase orders and held investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until we received purchase orders for Common Shares of at least 100.0 million, excluding subscriptions by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. in respect of the Class I shares purchased by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. prior to March 31, 2022. As of June 1, 2022, we had satisfied the minimum offering requirement and our Board of trustees (the Board of Trustees or the Board authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold 89,843,322 Class I shares for an aggregate purchase price of 2,125.5 million, of which 100.0 million was purchased by an affiliate of the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold 43,152,504 Class S shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,016.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold 78,986 Class D shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued 1,618,352 Class I shares, 1,941,341 Class S shares and 2,306 Class D shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not issued any Class T Shares. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 4,576.2 million and was comprised of investments in 180 portfolio companies. At fair value, 89.0 of our portfolio consisted of senior secured debt investments as of September 30, 2024. The weighted average annual yield of our debt investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 10.7 . 
 We are permitted to, and expect to continue to, finance our investments through borrowings. However, as a BDC, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are currently only allowed to borrow amounts in accordance with the asset coverage requirements in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCAA was enacted into law. The SBCAA, among other things, amended Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act to add a new Section 61(a)(2) that reduces the asset coverage requirements applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 so long as the BDC meets certain disclosure requirements, which we have made, and obtains certain approvals, which we have obtained. Accordingly, we are subject to an asset coverage requirement of 150 . The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing, such as the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings, our ability to raise funds through the issuance of Common Shares and the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment outlook. 
 2 

Ultimately, we only intend to use leverage if the expected returns from borrowing to make investments will exceed the cost of such borrowing. As of September 30, 2024, we had senior securities outstanding of 1,856.9 million and an asset coverage ratio of 270.91 . 
 Our Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by our Adviser. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Trustees, our Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Our Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). Our Adviser is an affiliate of OCM, a leading global investment management firm headquartered in Los Angeles, California, focused on less efficient markets and alternative investments. A number of the senior executives and investment professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates have been investing together for over 35 years and have generated impressive investment performance through multiple market cycles. Our Adviser and its affiliates emphasize an opportunistic, value oriented and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high-yield debt and senior loans), control investing, real estate, convertible securities and listed equities. 
 In 2019, Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Brookfield is a leading global alternative asset manager with over a 100 year history and approximately 1 trillion of assets under management (inclusive of OCG) across a broad portfolio of real estate, infrastructure, renewable power, credit and private equity assets. OCG s founders, senior management and current and former employee-unitholders of OCG are able to sell their remaining OCG units to Brookfield over time pursuant to an agreed upon liquidity schedule and approach to valuing such units at the time of liquidation. Pursuant to this liquidity schedule, the earliest year in which Brookfield could own 100 of the OCG business is 2029. 
 The primary firm-wide goal of our Adviser and its affiliates is to achieve attractive returns while bearing less than commensurate risk. Our Adviser and its affiliates believe that they can achieve this goal by taking advantage of market inefficiencies in which financial markets and their participants fail to accurately value assets or fail to make available to companies the capital that they reasonably require. Our Adviser and its affiliates believe that their defining characteristic is adherence to the highest professional standards, which has yielded several important benefits. First and foremost, this characteristic has allowed our Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain an extremely talented group of investment professionals (the Investment Professionals ), as well as accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals. As of September 30, 2024, our Adviser and its affiliates had more than 1,200 professionals in 21 cities and 17 countries, including a deep and broad credit platform drawing from more than 350 highly experienced Investment Professionals with significant origination, structuring and underwriting expertise. Specifically, the Direct Lending group that is primarily responsible for implementing our investment strategy consists of a deep and experienced team of Investment Professionals led by Armen Panossian, our Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer, who focus on the investment strategy employed by our Adviser and certain of its affiliates. 
 Second, it has permitted the investment team to build strong relationships with brokers, banks and other market participants. These institutional relationships have been instrumental in strengthening access to trading opportunities, to understanding the current market, and to executing the investment team s investment strategies. 
 OCM aims to attract, motivate and retain talented employees (both Investment Professionals and accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals) by making them active participants in, and beneficiaries of, the platform s success. In addition to competitive base salaries, all of OCM employees share in the discretionary bonus pool. An employee s participation in the bonus pool is based on the overall success of our Adviser and its affiliates and the individual employee s performance and level of responsibility. 
 Our Adviser and its affiliates provide discretionary investment management services to other BDCs, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that Oaktree may establish Other Oaktree Funds ), which presents the possibility of overlapping investments, and thus may raise actual or potential conflicts of interest. See Allocation of Investment Opportunities below and Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to the Adviser and its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest There may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that the Adviser s senior management and investment team have to Other Oaktree Funds. 
 3 

Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 
 Oaktree takes account of environmental, social and corporate governance ESG considerations as part of its investment process. In September 2019, Oaktree became a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment (the PRI ). Oaktree believes that the tenets of the PRI are well-aligned with Oaktree s mission of delivering superior investment results with risk under control, and complementary to not in conflict with its investment philosophy. Oaktree s adoption of the PRI reflects broad-based support for incorporating environmental, social and corporate governance considerations when making investments. OCM s ESG policy (the ESG Policy ), was first adopted and published in 2014, and since then Oaktree has continued to refine its approach. The firm recognizes that material ESG issues can directly impact investment performance. Accordingly, Oaktree s Direct Lending team follows Oaktree s ESG Policy and regularly assesses ESG-related factors as part of the team s investment process in a manner it believes is consistent with relevant regulatory requirements and its fiduciary obligations to maximize profits for its funds and accounts. 
 The ability of Oaktree s Direct Lending team to assess and influence material ESG issues varies by investment. Situations where Oaktree has access to full due diligence and where it obtains control allow Oaktree to better detect and address material ESG issues relative to situations where it may be limited to public information or have a non-controlling investment. In evaluating an existing or prospective investment, Oaktree s Direct Lending Investment Professionals generally seek to (a) identify material ESG issues that may affect the investment, (b) analyze the relative importance of, and risk posed by, any identified material ESG issue, (c) consider the costs and benefits of potential remedial measures, and (d) assess its ability to influence change to mitigate material ESG-related risks and/or meet relevant regulatory obligations. Based on the foregoing analysis, Oaktree may seek to foster change in some circumstances or even forgo investments in others. Oaktree s Direct Lending team seeks to, where possible, advance ESG practices through the interactions of its Investment Professionals with the management of existing and prospective portfolio companies and their advisers. Oaktree seeks to ensure that, where possible, portfolio company management appreciates the financial ramifications of such issues and has the benefit of Oaktree s insight with respect to the approaches being taken across a wide variety of industries and companies. 
 Our Administrator 
 We entered into an administration agreement (as amended and restated, the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of OCM. The principal executive offices of our Administrator are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator provides services to us, and we reimburse our Administrator for costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities thereunder. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our investment objective is to generate stable current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to meet our investment objective by primarily investing in private debt opportunities and by: 
 
 utilizing the experience and expertise of the management team of the Adviser in areas ranging from performing credit to distressed debt, over multiple market cycles, along with the broader resources of Oaktree, in sourcing, evaluating and structuring transactions, and Oaktree s long-standing relationships with sponsors, management teams, capital raising advisors and issuers, subject to Oaktree s policies and procedures regarding the management of conflicts of interest; 
 
 employing a disciplined credit underwriting process centered on risk control and focused on principal protection and loss avoidance primarily investing in private debt of medium-sized companies, in loans with asset coverage ratios that the Adviser believes provide credit protection, and also seeking financial protections, including linking additional funding to achievement of credit de-risking milestones where the Adviser believes necessary, one or more financial maintenance covenants; 
 
 curating a diversified portfolio of private debt across industries and transaction types such as leveraged buyout LBO )-related financings and bespoke, highly negotiated loans, with opportunistic investments in discounted, high-quality public investments to enhance total return in times of significant market dislocation; and 
 
 maintaining rigorous portfolio monitoring in an attempt to anticipate and pre-empt negative credit events within our portfolio. 
 4 

Investment Philosophy and Approach 
 Consistent with Oaktree s firm-wide investment philosophy, we seek to achieve our investment objective without subjecting principal to undue risk of loss by thoroughly evaluating credit fundamentals, monitoring appropriate credit metrics such as loan-to-value and pursuing structural protections. This emphasis on downside protection generally means (1) we focus on the senior-most tranches within the capital structure, (2) we seek collateral value well in excess of the principal value of its investment and (3) we link additional funding to the achievement of credit de-risking milestones. 
 Under normal circumstances, we will invest at least 80 of our total assets (net assets plus borrowings for investment purposes) in credit investments with varying maturities. Credit investments for this purpose includes the investments listed below other than investments in preferred stock, publicly traded or privately placed equity securities, warrants and options with respect to equity securities, money market mutual funds, cash and cash equivalents and equity of special purpose entities, which investments will not, in the aggregate, exceed 20 of our total assets under normal circumstances. For purposes of our 80 policy, we value any credit investments that are derivative instruments based on their market value. We expect that the majority of our portfolio will be made up of private credit investments in medium-sized companies, including bespoke, highly negotiated loans and private equity-related financings such as those backing LBOs. For purposes of the foregoing, we consider a company to be medium-sized when it has earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA of between approximately 25 million and 150 million or it has an enterprise value of between approximately 250 million and 2 billion. We may look to enterprise value when we or our Adviser do not believe EBITDA is an appropriate metric for our purposes. To a lesser extent, we also invest in opportunistic credit. We expect that the opportunistic credit investments will generally be liquid, and may be used for the purposes of maintaining liquidity for our share repurchase program and cash management, while also presenting an opportunity for attractive investment returns. 
 Under normal circumstances we expect that our portfolio and investing activities will predominantly include: 
 
 loans made directly to non-U.S. and U.S. borrowers, which may be long-term or short-term, secured or unsecured, covenant-lite (that is, lacking financial maintenance covenants), and may or may not have an equity component attached; 
 all types of publicly traded or privately placed debt securities and other obligations such as bank loans and participations, equipment trust certificates, mortgages, mezzanine debt or deeds of trust on real property and trade credit; 
 preferred stock; 
 publicly traded or privately placed equity securities, including common stock and preferred stock (including convertible preferred stock), as well as warrants with respect to such equity securities; 
 bridge financings to portfolio companies to facilitate buy-outs or acquisitions; 
 investments in the when-issued trading market, a market for conditional trades in securities that have been authorized but not yet issued; 
 follow-on, mutually reinforcing investments intended to result in a more successful business entity; 
 collateralized loan obligation vehicles CLOs ), commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS ), residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS and other structured products, including investments in junior and/or equity tranches of such products; 
 securities or obligations of non-U.S. entities; 
 debt and equity securities acquired through tender offers; 
 options and warrants; 
 short sale transactions for hedging purposes; 
 temporary investments in one or more unaffiliated money market mutual funds or directly in certificates of deposit, commercial paper, interest-bearing government securities, repurchase contracts and other short-term instruments; 
 cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments held in reserve; 
 all or a substantial portion of the equity of one or more special purpose entities formed for the purpose of purchasing the assets of a company directly, including in connection with sales under section 363 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; and 
 other investment techniques the Adviser believes will help achieve the Company s investment objective. 
 Most of our investments will be in private U.S. companies, but (subject to compliance with BDCs requirement to invest at least 70 of its assets in private U.S. companies), we also expect to invest to some extent in European and other non-U.S. companies. Subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by Other Oaktree Funds. 
 We expect most of our debt investments will be unrated; however, some of our debt investments may be rated by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, and, in such case, generally will carry a rating below investment grade 
 5 

(rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or lower than BBB- by Standard Poor s Ratings Services). We expect that our unrated debt investments will generally have credit quality consistent with below investment grade securities. In addition, we may invest in CLOs and will generally have the right to receive payments only from the CLOs, and will generally not have direct rights against the underlying borrowers or entities that sponsored the CLOs. 
 Our debt investments will have varying maturities, and the maturity of our newly originated debt investments, in particular, will be driven by market dynamics at the time of investment and will change over time. There is no limit on the maturity or duration of any security we may hold in our portfolio. 
 To seek to enhance our returns, we intend to employ leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of the Adviser, but in no event will leverage employed exceed the limitations set forth in the Investment Company Act, which currently allows us to borrow up to a 2:1 debt to equity ratio. We intend to use leverage in the form of borrowings, including loans from certain financial institutions and the issuance of debt securities. We may also use leverage in the form of the issuance of preferred shares, but do not currently intend to do so. In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. Any such leverage, if incurred, would be expected to increase the total capital available for investment by the Company. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Investments Both our portfolio companies and the Company may be leveraged. 
 We have declared distributions each month beginning July 2022 and we expect to continue to pay regular monthly distributions. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition, maintenance of our tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Identification of Investment Opportunities 
 Our primary focus is on identifying differentiated private lending opportunities, with a secondary emphasis on identifying opportunities in the public markets. 
 Private Lending Opportunities. We believe that the market for lending to private companies is underserved and presents a compelling investment opportunity. We intend to focus on private lending opportunities in the following key areas: 
 
 Stressed Sector/Rescue Lending . Individual businesses or sectors experiencing stress or reduced access to capital, which can create attractive private lending opportunities. Broad market weakness or sector-specific issues can constrain borrowers access to capital. Further, certain factors such as regulation may cause entire industries (e.g., energy) to be rebuffed by more traditional lenders (e.g., commercial banks) such that all borrowers in an industry lose access to capital, regardless of their individual financial condition. Often times, by sifting through an industry issuer-by-issuer, the Investment Professionals can identify attractive investment opportunities that are over-secured by valuable assets. 
 
 Situational Lending. Certain businesses may present challenges for traditional lenders to understand or value, thus presenting attractive lending opportunities for the Company. Prospective borrowers with little-to-no revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, may be unable to secure financing from traditional lenders. In these instances, a debt-to-EBITDA approach may not be appropriate, instead requiring a value-oriented approach that involves targeting low loan-to-value ratios and negotiating bespoke covenants, contingencies and terms that help mitigate business-specific risks. Examples of these opportunities may include life sciences companies that have revenue-generating drugs and hard assets, but reinvest that capital into research and development for promising new products. 
 
 Sponsor-Related Financings. Financing for portfolio companies backed by private equity firms is one the most active areas of opportunity, including those opportunities related to leveraged buyouts and refinancings. The Investment Professionals have many longstanding relationships with established, reputable sponsors, and generally favor sponsors that view their portfolio companies as long-term partners and those that specialize in certain industries where they have subject matter expertise. In addition, the Investment Professionals have historically favored borrowers backed by sponsors that have demonstrated a willingness to invest large amounts of equity, which provides enhanced downside credit protection. Examples of these opportunities may include financings for software- or healthcare-focused borrowers backed by private equity firms. 
 
 6 

Secondary Private Loans and Loan Portfolios. With increasing frequency, some lenders and leverage providers are offering to sell individual loans or portfolios of loans. Several drivers may force these sellers to offload portfolios, such as performance concerns, near-term liquidity needs, leverage pressures or regulatory capital requirements. With our anticipated capital levels and the Adviser s firsthand experience in workouts and restructurings, the Company can purchase loans at attractive levels, often well below their assessed values. Examples of these opportunities may come from banks seeking to reduce geographic or sector concentration or BDCs seeking to resolve leverage issues driven by troubled performance. 
 
 Opportunities in Public Markets. Certain factors may also create opportunities for us in the public market and allow us to leverage Oaktree s broader credit platform and decades of credit investing experience. These factors may include: 
 
 Macro Factors. Macro factors that drive market dislocations can ripple through the global economy and include sovereign debt crises, political elections, global pandemics, and other unexpected geopolitical events. These factors drive highly correlated risk on and risk off market swings and frequently result in the indiscriminate selling of securities and obligations at prices that the Investment Professionals believe are well below their intrinsic values. 
 
 Industry Headwinds . Select industries may face secular challenges or may fall out of favor due to a variety of factors such as evolving technology or regulation. These headwinds can cause the debt of financially sound and distressed companies alike to trade lower, potentially allowing the Investment Professionals to identify mispriced opportunities. 
 
 Company Characteristics. Company-specific factors that drive market dislocations include overleveraged balance sheets, near-term liquidity or maturity issues, secular pressures, acute shock to company operations, asset-light businesses and new or relatively small issuers. These factors may result in mispriced securities or require a highly structured direct loan. 
 The securities we may purchase in the public markets include broadly syndicated loans, high yield bonds and structured credit products. We generally expect to have smaller positions in these securities, and to hold such securities for a shorter period of time, relative to securities purchased in private lending opportunities. 
 The Board of Trustees 
 Overall responsibility for the Company s oversight rests with the Board of Trustees. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser manages the Company on a day-to-day basis. The Board of Trustees is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the Company s governing documents and applicable provisions of state and other laws. The Adviser will keep the Board of Trustees well informed as to the Adviser s activities on our behalf and our investment operations and provide the Board of Trustees with additional information as the Board of Trustees may, from time to time, request. The Board of Trustees is currently composed of 5 members, 4 of whom are Trustees who are not interested persons of the Company or the Adviser as defined in the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Criteria and Guidelines 
 Once the Investment Professionals have identified a potential investment opportunity, they will evaluate the opportunity against the following investment criteria and guidelines. However, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we invest. 
 
 Covenant Protections. We generally expect to invest in loans that have covenants that may help to minimize our risk of capital loss and meaningful equity investments in the portfolio company. We intend to target investments that have strong credit protections, including default penalties, information rights and affirmative, negative and financial covenants, such as limitations on debt incurrence, lien protection and prohibitions on dividends. 
 
 Sustainable Cash Flow . Our investment philosophy places emphasis on fundamental analysis from an investor s perspective and has a distinct value orientation. We intend to focus on companies with significant asset or enterprise value in which we can invest at relatively low multiples of normalized operating cash flow. Additionally, we anticipate investing in companies with a demonstrated ability or credible plan to de-lever. Typically, we will not invest in start-up companies or companies having speculative business plans or structures that could impair capital over the long-term although we may target certain earlier stage companies that have yet to reach profitability. 
 
 7 

Experienced Management Team . We generally will look to invest in portfolio companies with an experienced management team and proper incentive arrangements, including equity compensation, to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors. 
 
 Strong Relative Position in Its Market . We intend to target companies with what we believe to be established and leading market positions within their respective markets and well-developed long-term business strategies. 
 
 Exit Strategy . We generally intend to invest in companies that we believe will provide us with the opportunity to exit our investments in three to eight years, including through (1) the repayment of the remaining principal outstanding at maturity, (2) the recapitalization of the company resulting in our debt investments being repaid or (3) the sale of the company resulting in the repayment of all of its outstanding debt. 
 
 Geography . As a BDC, we will invest at least 70 of our total assets in U.S. companies. To the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies, we intend to do so only in jurisdictions with established legal frameworks and a history of respecting creditor rights. 
 Investment Process 
 
 Our investment process consists of the following five distinct stages. 
 Source 
 The Adviser has several resources for originating new opportunities that grant the Investment Professionals a comprehensive view of the actionable investment universe. From this universe, the Adviser can then select the most attractive opportunities for the Company. In addition to its dedicated group of sourcing professionals, the Adviser also leverages its global market presence and relationships with affiliates, advisers, sponsors, banks, management teams, capital-raising advisers, trading desks and other sources to gain access to opportunities. The Adviser is a trusted partner to financial sponsors and management teams based on its market reputation, relationship-based approach, long-term investment orientation and focus on lending across economic cycles. The Adviser believes this gives the Company access to proprietary deal flow and first looks at investment opportunities and that the Company is well-positioned for difficult and complex transactions. 
 Screen 
 The Adviser is highly selective in making new investments. The initial screening process typically includes a review of the proposed capital structure of the target portfolio company (including level of assets or enterprise value coverage), the company s management team and its equity ownership levels, the viability of its long-term business model, its forecasted financial statements and its liquidity profile. In addition, the Adviser may assess industry and macroeconomic trends, potential catalysts that may create enhanced value in the investment, and the potential ability to enforce creditor rights, particularly where collateral is located outside of the United States. 
 Research 
 Once the Investment Professionals have identified a potential investment opportunity and prior to making any new investment, the Adviser completes an extensive due diligence process led by investment analysts assigned to each transaction. The analysts examine various elements of the prospective investment to assess its risks and ensure that it meets the Company s investment criteria and guidelines. Throughout the underwriting process, the analysts typically consider the following to evaluate the opportunity: the company s management team, suite of products/services, competitive position in its markets, barriers to entry, valuation, operating and financial performance, organic and inorganic growth prospects, as well as the expansion potential of its markets. In performing this evaluation, the analysts may use financial, qualitative and other due diligence materials provided by the target company, commissioned third-party reports and internal sources, including the Adviser s relationships derived from the Investment Professionals, industry participants and experts. As part of their research, the Adviser s analysts typically perform a what-if analysis that explores a range of values for each proposed investment and a range of potential credit events to understand how the investment may perform under several different scenarios. Our Adviser conducts diligence on underlying collateral value, including cash flows, hard assets or intellectual property, and will typically model exit scenarios as part of the diligence process, including assessing potential work-out scenarios. 
 Decide 
 The Investment Professionals will propose investments along with all due diligence findings to an investment committee of the Adviser, or the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee is a collaborative and consensus-driven body that employs a rigorous process to weigh the merits and risks of each prospective investment, make investment decisions and 
 8 

appropriately size investments within the portfolio on our behalf. The Investment Committee generally strives for full consensus, but ultimately requires majority approval to move forward with an investment. No single committee member has veto rights for an investment. Investment Committee members are appointed and serve at the sole discretion of Armen Panossian. 
 Monitor 
 Risk management is the Adviser s utmost priority. In managing our portfolio and mitigating its downside, the Adviser seeks to actively monitor each portfolio company and make hold and exit decisions when credit events occur, the Company s collateral becomes overvalued or opportunities with more attractive risk-reward profiles are identified. Investment analysts are assigned to each investment to monitor industry developments, review company financial statements, attend company presentations and regularly meet with company management, and, if applicable, sponsors. Based on their monitoring, the Investment Professionals seek to determine the optimal exit timing and strategy while maximizing the Company s return on investment, typically when prices or yields reach target valuations. In circumstances where a particular investment is underperforming, the Adviser seeks to employ a variety of strategies to maximize its recovery based on the specific facts and circumstances of the underperforming investment, including actively working with the management team to restructure all or a portion of the business, explore the possibility of a sale or merger of all or a portion of the assets, recapitalize or refinance the balance sheet, negotiate deferrals or other concessions from existing creditors and arrange new liquidity or new equity contributions. We believe that the Adviser s experience with restructurings and our access to the Adviser s knowledge, expertise and contacts in the distressed debt area help the Company preserve the value of its investments. 
 Valuation Procedures 
 We generally invest in debt securities issued by private middle-market companies. We are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in good faith by our Adviser, as the valuation designee of our Board of Trustees pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Investment Valuation for a description of our investment valuation processes and procedures. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Our Adviser provides management services to us pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser is responsible for managing the investment and reinvestment of the assets of the Company, subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees. 
 Our Adviser will not assume any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in, and on the terms of, the Investment Advisory Agreement, and will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Trustees in declining to follow the advice or recommendations of our Adviser. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser (and its members (and their partners or members, including the owners of their partners or members), managers, officers, employees, agents, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it) will not be liable to us for any action taken or omitted to be taken by our Adviser in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our adviser (except to the extent specified in Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act concerning loss resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services). Absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of our Adviser s duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of our Adviser s duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we will provide indemnification from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by those described above in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or our security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of our Adviser s duties or obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our adviser. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we are obligated to pay our Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee (each as defined below). All Investment Professionals of the Adviser and certain of its affiliates who provide investment advisory services to us will be compensated by the Adviser or such affiliates, as described below. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means our total assets determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the first calendar month in which we 
 9 

had operations, net assets were measured as of June 1, 2022, the date on which the Company broke escrow for its continuous offering of Common Shares. In addition, the Adviser waived its management fee through November 2022, the first six months following June 1, 2022, the date on which the Company broke escrow for its continuous offering of Common Shares. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, base management fees were 31,230, none of which was waived. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the incentive fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 
 Incentive Fee Based on Income 
 
 The portion based on our income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between us and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees). 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash, and excludes the incentive fee and any distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees payable by the Class T Shares, Class S Shares and Class D Shares. As a result, for any calendar quarter, the incentive fee attributable to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income that is paid to the Adviser may be calculated on the basis of an amount that is greater than the amount of net investment income actually received by the Company for such calendar quarter. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 
 We also pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized); 
 
 100 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 
 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to the Adviser. 
 
 10 

These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. Investors should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur an overall loss taking into account capital account losses. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 
 
 The Adviser waived the incentive fee based on income through November 2022, the first six months following June 1, 2022, the date on which we broke escrow for our continuous public offering. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the 
 Investment Income Incentive Fee was 33,611, none of which was waived. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 In addition to the Investment Income Incentive Fee described above, our Adviser is entitled to receive a Capital Gains Incentive Fee (as defined below). The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable at the end of each fiscal year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 
 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. The payment obligation with respect to incentive fees based on realized capital gains will be allocated in the same manner across the Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we did not incur any Capital Gains Incentive Fees. 
 
 The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 
 11 

Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculations 
 The figures provided in the following examples are hypothetical, are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not indicative of actual expenses or returns. 
 Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee (1) : 
 Alternative 1 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.25 . 
 Management Fee (3) = 0.3125 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income = 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) = 0.6875 . 
 Pre-Incentive Net Investment Income does not exceed Hurdle Rate, therefore there is no Investment Income Incentive Fee. 
 Alternative 2 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.90 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.25 . 
 Management Fee (3) = 0.3125 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income = 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) = 1.3375 
 Catch-Up = 1.3375 - 1.25 = 0.0875 
 Incentive Fee = 100 x (1.3375 - 1.25 = 0.0875 . 
 
 Alternative 3 - Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.50 . 
 Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.25 . 
 Management Fee (3) = 0.3125 . 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.25 . 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income = 
 (investment income - (Management Fee + other expenses)) = 1.9375 . 
 Incentive Fee = 12.5 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, subject to Catch-Up (5) . 
 Incentive Fee = (100 Catch-Up + (12.5 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income - 1.4286 )). 
 Catch-Up = 1.4286 - 1.25 = 0.1786 . 
 Incentive Fee = (100 0.1786 + (12.5 (1.9375 - 1.4286 )) 
 = 0.1786 + (12.5 0.5089 
 = 0.1786 + 0.0636 
 = 0.2422 . 
 
 Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee : 
 Alternative 1 - Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B ). 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million. 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million. 
 Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million. 
 
 The Capital Gains Incentive Fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None. 
 12 

Year 2: 3.75 million Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows: 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 12.5 . 
 Year 3: None; calculated as follows: 3.125 million cumulative fee (12.5 multiplied by 25 million 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation)) less 3.75 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Year 4: 125,000 Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows: 3.875 million cumulative fee (12.5 multiplied by 31 million cumulative realized capital gains 30 million from Investment A and 1 million from Investment B)) less 3.75 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 
 Alternative 2 - Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C ). 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million. 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million. 
 Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million. 
 Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million. 
 
 The Capital Gains Incentive Fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None. 
 Year 2: 3.125 million Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows: 12.5 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B). 
 Year 3: 875,000 Capital Gains Incentive Fee, calculated as follows: 4 million cumulative fee (12.5 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million cumulative unrealized capital depreciation)) less 3.125 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Year 4: 375,000 capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows: 4.375 million cumulative fee (12.5 multiplied by 35 million cumulative realized capital gains) less 4 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3). 
 Year 5: None. 3.125 million cumulative fee (12.5 multiplied by 25 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 10 million realized capital losses)) less 4.375 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Years 2, 3 and 4). 
 _________________ 
 Notes: 
 1. The hypothetical amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shown is expressed as a rate of return as of the beginning and the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Solely for purposes of these illustrative examples, it has been assumed that we have not incurred any leverage. However, we expect to use leverage to partially finance our investments. 
 2. Represents 5.0 annualized Hurdle Rate. 
 3. Represents 1.25 annualized Management Fee. 
 4. Hypothetical other expenses. Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 
 5. The Catch-Up provision is intended to provide our Adviser with an Incentive Fee of approximately 12.5 on all of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, as if a Hurdle Rate did not apply, when the net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter. 

Administration Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, our Administrator furnishes us with office facilities (certain of which are located in buildings owned by a Brookfield affiliate), equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and recordkeeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, and being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, our Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value NAV ), overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our shareholders, and generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. 
 Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses our Administrator for its costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party, by 
 13 

the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, or by the vote of our trustees or by our Administrator. Additionally, we bear all of the costs and expenses of any sub-administration agreements that our Administrator enters into. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, including without limitation its members, the Adviser and any person affiliated with its members or the Adviser, to the extent they are providing services for or otherwise acting on behalf of the Administrator, Adviser or us) will not be liable to us for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for us, and we will indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its members, the Adviser and any person affiliated with its members or the Adviser, to the extent they are providing services for or otherwise acting on behalf of the Administrator, Adviser or us) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, fees, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by them in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or our security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of our Administrator s duties or obligations under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 Expenses 
 All Investment Professionals of the Adviser who provide investment advisory services to us will be compensated by the Adviser. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides us with certain administrative services. In full consideration of the provision of services of the Administrator, we will reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement, as described above. 
 All personnel of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Adviser and not by us. We bear all other costs and expenses of our organization, operations, administration and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: (a) all costs, fees, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with the formation and organization of the Company and the offering and sale of the Common Shares, including expenses of registering or qualifying securities held by the Company for sale and blue sky filing fees, costs associated with technology integration between the Company s systems and those of participating intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Company s escrow agent and transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related to meetings or events with prospective investors, intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors, but excluding the shareholder servicing fee; (b) diligence and monitoring of the Company s financial, regulatory and legal affairs, and, if necessary, enforcing rights in respect of investments (to the extent an investment opportunity is being considered for the Company and any other funds or accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, the Adviser s out-of-pocket expenses related to the due diligence for such investment will be shared with such other funds and accounts pro rata based on the anticipated allocation of such investment opportunity between the Company and the other funds and accounts); (c) the cost of calculating our NAV (including third-party valuation firms); (d) the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our Common Shares and other securities; (e) Management and Incentive Fees payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement; (f) fees and expenses payable under any distribution manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any; (g) costs and expenses of any sub-administration agreements entered into by the Administrator; (h) fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms); (i) retainer, finder s, placement, adviser, consultant, custodian, sub-custodian, depository (including a depositary appointed pursuant to directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated June 8, 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU, as well as any similar or supplementary law, rule or regulation including any equivalent or similar law, rule or regulation implemented in the United Kingdom as a result of its withdrawal from the European Union, or subordinate legislation thereto, as implemented in any relevant jurisdiction (together, the AIFM Directive or pursuant to any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction, a Swiss representative and paying agent appointed pursuant to the Swiss representative and paying agent appointed pursuant to the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (as defined below) and the implementation thereof), transfer agent, trustee, disbursal, brokerage, registration, legal and other similar fees, commissions and expenses attributable to making or holding investments; (j) the reporting, filing and other compliance requirements (including expenses associated with the initial registrations, filings and compliance) contemplated by the AIFM Directive or any national private placement regime in any jurisdiction (including any reporting 
 14 

required in connection with Annex IV of the AIFM Directive); (k) fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including travel and attendance at investment conferences and similar events); (l) allocable out-of-pocket costs incurred in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it; (m) fees, interest and other costs payable on or in connection with any indebtedness; (n) federal and state registration fees and other governmental charges; (o) any exchange listing fees; (p) federal, state and local taxes; (q) independent Trustee s fees and expenses; (r) brokerage commissions; (s) costs of proxy statements, shareholders reports and notices and any other regulatory reporting expenses; (t) costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; (u) fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums; (v) printing, mailing, independent accountants and outside legal costs; (w) costs of winding up and liquidation; (x) litigation, indemnification and other extraordinary or non-recurring expenses; (y) dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which the Company is a member; (z) research and software expenses, quotation equipment and services and other expenses incurred in connection with data services, including subscription costs, providing real-time price feeds, real-time news feeds, securities and company information, and company fundamental data attributable to such investments; (aa) costs and expenses relating to investor reporting and communications; (bb) costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, FINRA, CFTC and other regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the Investment Company Act and any other applicable federal and state securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing; (cc) all other out-of-pocket expenses, fees and liabilities that are incurred by the Company or by the Adviser on behalf of the Company or that arise out of the operation and activities of the Company, including expenses related to organizing and maintaining persons through or in which investments may be made and the allocable portion of any Adviser costs, including personnel, incurred in connection therewith; (dd) accounting expenses, including expenses associated with the preparation of the financial statements and tax information reporting returns of the Company and the filing of various tax withholding forms and treaty forms by the Company; (ee) the allocable portion of the compensation of the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs; and (ff) all other expenses incurred by the Administrator, any affiliate of the Administrator or the Company in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement to the Administrator or any such affiliate in an amount equal to our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator or such affiliate in performing its obligations and services under the Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of personnel attributable to performing such obligations and services, including, but not limited to, marketing, legal and other services performed by the Administrator or such affiliate for us. We bear our allocable portion of the costs of the compensation, benefits, and related administrative expenses (including travel expenses) of our officers who provide operational and administrative services under the Administration Agreement, their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to us (including, in each case, employees of the Administrator or an affiliate) who assist with the preparation, coordination, and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office financial or operational services to us. We reimburse the Adviser (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Adviser (or its affiliates) to such individuals (based on a percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs and to acting on our behalf). 
 With respect to (a) above, the Adviser advanced all of our organization and offering expenses on our behalf through June 1, 2022, the date on which we broke escrow for our continuous public offering. We are obligated to reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses commencing June 1, 2022. See Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement . Any reimbursements will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders, subject to the cap on organization and offering expenses described above. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 Effective as of February 3, 2022, we have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. The Adviser may elect to pay certain of our expenses on our behalf (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), we will pay such 
 15 

Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company will be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment will automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser did not make any Expense Payments. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we made reimbursement payments of 1,045 to the Adviser, which includes reimbursement of Expense Payments made by the Adviser for prior periods. 
 
 Distributions 
 We have declared distributions each month beginning July 2022 and we expect to continue to pay regular monthly distributions. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition, maintenance of our tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Our Board of Trustees discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our net investment income. 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class T shares and Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class T shares and Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). The per share amount of distributions on Class T shares and Class S shares will generally be the same. 
 There is no assurance we will pay distributions in any particular amount, if at all. We may fund any distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. The extent to which we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our distribution reinvestment plan, how quickly we invest the proceeds from our continuous public offering and any future offering and the performance of our investments. Funding distributions from the sales of assets, borrowings, return of capital or proceeds of our public offering will result in us having less funds available to acquire investments. Doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. Likewise, funding distributions from the sale of additional securities will dilute shareholders interest in us on a percentage basis and may impact the value of their investment especially if we sell these securities at prices less than the price shareholders paid for their shares. We believe the likelihood that we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will be higher in the early stages of our current public offering, which commenced on February 3, 2022. 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 The Board of Trustees approved a distribution and servicing plan. Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, the Company pays the Distribution Manager a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class T shares and Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly in arrears. Class I shares are not subject to a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee. 
 The Distribution Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and waives shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such 
 16 

services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Distribution Manager will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board of Trustees on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board of Trustees authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 At the discretion of the Board of Trustees, commencing during the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, we have implemented a share repurchase program in which the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the NAV of our Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. We intend to conduct repurchase offers under the share repurchase program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under our share repurchase program, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers at the expiration of the tender offer using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter (the Valuation Date ), except that shares that have a prospective repurchase date that is within the one-year period following the original issue date of the shares will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV, reflecting an early repurchase deduction of 2 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period will be deemed satisfied if the shares to be repurchased would have been outstanding for one year or longer as of the subscription closing date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date, which subscription closing date the Company deems the prospective repurchase date for the applicable offer. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities 
 
 General 
 
 Oaktree, including the Adviser, provides investment management services to other BDCs, registered investment companies, investment funds, client accounts and proprietary accounts that Oaktree may establish. 
 
 Oaktree will share any investment and sale opportunities with Other Oaktree Funds and the Company in accordance with the Advisers Act and firm-wide allocation policies, which generally provide for sharing pro rata based on targeted acquisition size or targeted sale size and the amount of capital available for such investment in the respective funds. Subject to the Advisers Act and as further set forth in this Form 10-K, certain Other Oaktree Funds may receive certain priority or other allocation rights with respect to certain investments, subject to various conditions set forth in such Other Oaktree Funds respective governing agreements. 
 
 17 

In addition, as a BDC regulated under the Investment Company Act, the Company is subject to certain limitations relating to co-investments and joint transactions with affiliates, which likely in certain circumstances limit the Company s ability to make investments or enter into other transactions alongside Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 Exemptive Relief 
 
 The Adviser has received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is the Adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser, as well as certain Oaktree proprietary accounts, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the SEC order (the Exemptive Relief ). Pursuant to the Exemptive Relief, our Board of Trustees has established Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which we will have the opportunity to participate with one or more other Oaktree-managed funds or accounts that target similar assets. On September 11, 2024, we, the Adviser and certain of its affiliates received a further modified exemptive order that allows us to participate in follow-on investments with private funds that are not already invested in the issuer. Each potential co-investment opportunity that falls under the terms of the Exemptive Relief and is appropriate for the Company and any affiliated fund or account, and that satisfies the then-current Board Criteria, will be offered to the Company and such other eligible funds and accounts. If there is a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated among the participants in accordance with their proposed order size, and if there is an insufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated pro rata based on the investment proposed by the applicable investment adviser to such participant, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each, which is reviewed and approved by an independent committee of legal, compliance and accounting professionals at the Adviser. 
 
 In addition, the Company has filed an application to amend the Exemptive Relief to permit the Company to participate in follow-on investments in the Company s existing portfolio companies with certain affiliates covered by the Exemptive Relief if such affiliates, that are not BDCs or registered investment companies, did not have an investment in such existing portfolio company. There can be no assurance if or when the Company will receive the amended exemptive relief. 
 
 Investment Allocation Considerations 
 
 As a general matter, as between the Company and an Other Oaktree Fund with the same overall investment focus, investment opportunities will generally be allocated between them based on Oaktree s reasonable assessment of the amount of capital available for investment by each such fund or account, and sales of an investment will generally be allocated pro rata between them on the basis of their respective investments held (disregarding for this purpose the age of the funds or accounts or which of them is in a liquidation period, if applicable). Each of the foregoing allocations for both investments and sales may be overridden if Oaktree in good faith deems a different allocation to be prudent or equitable in light of: 
 
 the size, nature and type of investment or sale opportunity; 
 principles of diversification of assets; 
 the investment guidelines and limitations governing any of such funds or accounts, including client instructions with respect to a specific investment and compressed ramp-up periods that are characteristic of certain investment vehicles; 
 liquidity considerations of the funds or accounts, including redemption/withdrawal requests received by a fund or account, proximity of a fund or account to the end of its specified term and cash availability (including cash that becomes available through leverage); 
 the magnitude of the investment; 
 the risk profile or the need to resize risk in a fund s or account s portfolio (including the potential for the proposed investment to create an industry, sector, issuer, geographic or currency imbalance in the relevant portfolio); 
 a determination by Oaktree that the investment or sale opportunity is inappropriate, in whole or in part, for one or more funds or accounts; 
 applicable transfer or assignment provisions; 
 the management of any actual or potential conflicts of interest; 
 the investment focus of the funds or accounts (including the target return profile or targeted hold period of the funds or accounts); 
 applicable contractual or legal obligations (including any priority rights granted to any Other Oaktree Fund under its governing documents); 
 18 

tax considerations; 
 applicable regulatory obligations, including any requirements to offer investment opportunities to an Other Oaktree Fund pursuant to an SEC exemptive relief order; 
 Oaktree s investment team responsible for sourcing of the transaction; 
 avoiding a de minimis allocation; and/or 
 such other factors as Oaktree may reasonably deem relevant, including the amount of leverage, if any, appropriate for such investment and any co-investments alongside an Other Oaktree Fund). 
 
 We refer to all of the foregoing factors collectively as the Investment Allocation Considerations. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete for investments with other BDCs, including BDCs advised by the Adviser, and investment funds (including private equity funds, mezzanine funds, performing and other credit funds, and funds that invest in CLOs, structured notes, derivatives and other types of collateralized securities and structured products), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, have begun to invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in mid-sized private U.S. companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in middle market private U.S. companies may intensify. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms or structure. If we are forced to match our competitors pricing, terms or structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant part of our competitive advantage stems from the fact that the market for investments in middle market private U.S. companies is underserved by traditional commercial banks and other financial sources. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. Furthermore, many of our competitors have greater experience operating under, or are not subject to, the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 
 Non-Exchange Traded, Perpetual-Life BDC 
 
 The Company is non-exchange traded, meaning its shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and a perpetual-life BDC, meaning it is an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares are intended to be sold by the BDC monthly on a continuous basis at a price generally equal to the BDC s monthly NAV per share. In our perpetual-life structure, we may offer investors an opportunity to repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to offer to repurchase any in any particular quarter in our discretion. We believe that our perpetual nature enables us to execute a patient and opportunistic strategy and be able to invest across different market environments. This may reduce the risk of the Company being a forced seller of assets in market downturns compared to non-perpetual funds. While we may consider a liquidity event at any time in the future, we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our declaration of trust or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. A liquidity event includes, but is not limited to, the receipt by shareholders of non-listed equity securities. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 
 
 have an auditor attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with 
 19 

mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; or 
 disclose certain executive compensation related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies. This means that an emerging growth company can delay adopting certain accounting standards until such standards are otherwise applicable to private companies. 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of: (1) the last date of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (2) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We do not believe that being an emerging growth company will have a significant impact on our business. We have elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards available to emerging growth companies. Also, because we are not a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer under Section 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and will not be for so long as our Common Shares are not traded on a securities exchange, we will not, as stated above, be subject to auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even once we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Adviser and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for the salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Adviser, we do not expect to include disclosures relating to executive compensation in our periodic reports or proxy statements and, as a result, do not expect to be required to seek shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachute compensation arrangements pursuant to Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrator or its affiliates pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers described in this Form 10-K under Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our investment portfolio are provided by Investment Professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. The Investment Professionals focus on origination, non-originated investments and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. We bear our allocable portion of the costs of the compensation, benefits, and related administrative expenses (including travel expenses) of our officers who provide operational and administrative services under the Administration Agreement, their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to us (including, in each case, employees of the Administrator or an affiliate) who assist with the preparation, coordination, and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office financial or operational services to the Company. We reimburse the Administrator (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to such individuals (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Company). 
 Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our shareholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute (or are deemed to distributed) generally will be taxable to shareholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and most other tax attributes generally will not pass through to shareholders. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our shareholders, for each tax year, at least 90 of the Company s investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 20 

If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) we distribute to shareholders. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our shareholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 at all times during each tax year, have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act; 
 
 derive in each tax year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership; (the 90 Gross Income Test and 
 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the tax year: 
 
 (i) at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of its assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 
 (ii) no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in a the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, b the securities of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or c the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (i) and (ii) collectively, the Diversification Tests ). 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same tax year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 We may have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements as we liquidate our portfolio following the Investment Period, given that we will not be making additional investments. Though we generally will not lose our status as a RIC as long as we do not acquire any non-qualifying securities or other property, under certain circumstances we may be deemed to have made an acquisition of non-qualifying securities or other property. 
 Because we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the Investment Company Act described above and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to continue to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (a) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (b) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (c) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (d) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (e) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (f) 
 21 

adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; or (g) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 If, in any particular tax year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to shareholders, and distributions will be taxable to the shareholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 Certain BDC Regulatory Considerations 
 We have elected to be a BDC under the Investment Company Act and to be taxed as a RIC. As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. 
 The Investment Company Act further requires that a majority of our trustees be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the Investment Company Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company are defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, and (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our Common Shares at a price below NAV per share. We may, however, sell our Common Shares, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our Common Shares, at a price below the then-current NAV of our Common Shares if the following conditions, among others, are satisfied: (i) a majority of our shareholders and a majority of our shareholders that are not our affiliates approve such sales within one year immediately prior to such sales and (ii) a majority of our trustees who are not interested persons of the Company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act and a majority of our trustees who have no financial interest in the transaction determine that such sales are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. We may also make rights offerings to our shareholders at prices per share less than the NAV per share, subject to applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Restrictions 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under such limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject shareholders to additional indirect expenses. None of the policies described above are fundamental and each such policy may be changed without shareholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the Investment Company Act. Following our election to be treated as a RIC, our investment portfolio is also subject to certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements by virtue of its status to be a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. See Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company above for more information. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the Investment Company Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act, which are referred to as Qualifying Assets, unless at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the Investment Company Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 22 

(b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the Investment Company Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to in this Form 10-K, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be Qualifying Assets. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as the Company, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single 
 23 

counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 
 Warrants 
 Under the Investment Company Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 
 Leverage and Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio 
 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our Common Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, would at least equal 150 immediately after each such issuance. On December 17, 2021, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act and such election became effective the following day. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We are permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 
 We have established one or more credit facilities and/or subscription facilities and may establish additional credit facilities and/or subscription facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. For additional information about our existing credit facilities, including amendments, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations Leverage. It is anticipated that any credit facilities we enter into will bear interest at floating rates at to be determined spreads over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or one or more alternative benchmark rates such as Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA ), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the federal funds rate or prime rate. We cannot assure shareholders that we will be able to enter into a credit facility. Shareholders will indirectly bear the costs associated with any borrowings under a credit facility or otherwise. In connection with a credit facility or other borrowings, lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and may ask to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. In addition, from time to time, our losses on leveraged investments may result in the liquidation of other investments held by us and may result in additional drawdowns to repay such amounts. 
 
 We may also create leverage by securitizing our assets (including in CLOs) and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle. We may also from time to time make secured loans of our marginable securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You may read and copy this code of ethics at the SEC s Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090. You may also obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: 
 publicinfo@sec.gov, or by writing the SEC s Public Reference Section, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. 
 
 Affiliated Transactions 
 
 We may be prohibited under the Investment Company Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. The Adviser has received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is the Adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser, as well as certain Oaktree proprietary accounts, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the 
 24 

applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the SEC order. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of our Adviser are set forth below. These guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Adviser and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, our Adviser recognizes that it must vote portfolio securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 
 Our Adviser will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities, if any, in what it perceives to be the best interest of our shareholders. Our Adviser will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its impact on portfolio securities held by us. Although our Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there are compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 
 Our Adviser s proxy voting decisions will be made by officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that the vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, our Adviser will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to the Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how our Adviser intends to vote on a proposal, in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 
 Shareholders may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 
 Other 
 
 We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act, and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 We maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any trustee or officer against any liability to our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 
 We have designated a chief compliance officer and adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and we review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 
 We are not permitted to change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 
 Our website is https://osc.brookfieldoaktree.com. We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 
 25 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us might also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the NAV of our Common Shares could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. The risk factors described below are the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us as well as those factors generally associated with an investment company with investment objectives, investment policies, capital structure or trading markets similar to ours. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The following is a summary of certain of the principal risks that should be carefully considered before investing in our securities. 
 
 Market, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Shares less attractive to investors. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and a RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business, and the impact of financial reform legislation on us is uncertain. 
 General economic conditions, including those in Europe, could adversely affect the performance of our investments. 
 Efforts to comply with regulations applicable to a public company will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 
 Investments in privately owned small- and medium-sized companies pose a number of significant risks. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky. 
 When we borrow money, the potential for loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion and we may default under our credit facilities. 
 26 

Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and breach covenants or default on such debt. 
 Non-performance or defaults by our portfolio companies could jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity investments that we hold which could harm our operating results. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. 
 The illiquid nature of certain of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. 
 Our investments in non-U.S. companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Company and the Common Shares 
 
 We are a relatively new company and have a limited operating history and are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business. 
 Our investment portfolio may not be diversified across companies, industries, types of securities or geographic regions, which may subject us to specific risks. 
 Our Board has broad discretionary power with respect to our investment objective, policies and strategies and may in certain circumstances change our operating policies and strategies or amend our Declaration of Trust without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our results of operations and financial conditions. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities as a result of competition with other investors. 
 There is a risk that investors in our Common Shares may not receive distributions or that our distributions may decrease over time. 
 Although we have commenced a share repurchase program, we have discretion to repurchase Common Shares at a disadvantageous time to our shareholders, not repurchase such Common Shares or to suspend any share repurchase program. 
 A significant portion of our portfolio securities do not have a readily available market price and, as a result, valuations of our portfolio involve uncertainties and subjective determinations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Notes 
 
 The Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have currently incurred or may incur in the future. 
 The Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 The indentures under which the Notes are issued contains limited protection for holders of the Notes. 
 An active trading market for the Notes may not exist, which could limit your ability to sell the Notes or affect the market price of the Notes. 
 If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Notes. 

Risks Related to the Adviser and its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest 
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the ability of the Adviser to support our investment process; if our Adviser were to lose key personnel or they were to resign, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, including our officers and some members of our Board, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 Our fee structure may create incentives for our Adviser to make speculative investments or use substantial leverage. 
 We may compete for capital and investment opportunities with other entities managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, subjecting our Adviser to certain conflicts of interest. 
 We may be obligated to pay our Adviser incentive fees even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and even if our earned interest income is not payable in cash. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to continue to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 
 27 

General Risk Factors 
 
 General economic and market conditions could materially affect the success of our activities and investments. 
 Economic recessions or downturns may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could impair the ability of our portfolio companies to repay debt or pay interest. 
 Global economic, political and market conditions have (and in the future, could further) adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 
 Market, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are subject to regulatory oversight and requirements that restrict our activities and increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 The Investment Company Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and RICs that do not apply to other types of investment vehicles. For example, under the Investment Company Act, BDCs are required to invest at least 70 of their total assets in Qualifying Assets, primarily in private U.S. companies or thinly traded U.S. public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we are required to meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. These constraints, among others, may hinder our ability to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective. 
 
 Furthermore, any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the Investment Company Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against the Company and/or expose the Company to claims of private litigants. In addition, upon approval of a majority of our outstanding voting securities as required by the Investment Company Act, we may elect to withdraw our status as a BDC. If we decide to withdraw such election, or if we otherwise fail to qualify, or maintain our qualification as a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company that is required to register under the Investment Company Act, which would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions, significantly decrease our operating flexibility and could significantly increase our cost of doing business. In addition, any such failure could cause an event of default under future outstanding indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Certain investments we make may result in reporting and compliance obligations under the applicable regulations of the various jurisdictions in which we make investments. In addition, certain investments we make may subject us and certain of our portfolio companies to a varied and complex body of energy and environmental regulations that both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce. The costs of compliance will be borne by the Company. In addition, our investments are or may become subject to regulation by various agencies within or outside the United States. New and existing regulations, changing regulatory schemes and the burdens of regulatory compliance all may have a material negative impact on our performance. Oaktree cannot predict whether new legislation or regulation will be enacted by legislative bodies or governmental agencies, nor can it predict what effect such legislation or regulation might have. There can be no assurance that new legislation or regulation, including changes to existing laws and regulations, will not have a material negative impact on our investment performance. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Common Shares less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. As a result, we have taken advantage of the exemption for emerging growth companies allowing us to temporarily forgo the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict if prospective investors will find the Common Shares less attractive because we rely on this exemption. If some prospective investors find the Common Shares less attractive as a result, there may be less of an interest in investing. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial public offering, (ii) in which the Company has total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of the equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 We are subject to additional risks as a result of being regulated as a BDC and taxed as a RIC. 
 
 To qualify for the tax benefits available to RICs and to minimize corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes, we intend to distribute to shareholders at least 90 of our taxable income each tax year, except that we may retain some or all of our net capital gains, and to designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will 
 28 

pay corporate-level tax on the retained amount, each U.S. shareholder will be required to include its share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been actually distributed to the shareholder, and the shareholder will be entitled to claim a credit or refund equal to its allocable share of the corporate-level tax we pay on the retained capital gain. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the shareholder s cost basis for its Common Shares. 
 
 As a BDC, we may issue senior securities, including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions so long as we meet an asset coverage ratio, as calculated as provided in the Investment Company Act, of at least 150 , after such incurrence or issuance. These requirements limit the amount that we may borrow, may unfavorably limit our investment opportunities and may reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test, which could prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from being subject to tax as a RIC. If we cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our debt financing, if any, repay a portion of such indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 
 
 Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, these limitations may prevent us from incurring debt and require us to raise additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. We generally are not able to issue or sell Common Shares at a price below the then-current NAV per Common Share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with other public companies or private investment funds. 
 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing more Common Shares or issuing senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, Common Shares, the percentage ownership of then-existing shareholders may decline at that time and such shareholders may experience dilution with respect to their percentage ownership. Moreover, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to issue and sell additional equity securities in the future, on terms favorable to the Company or at all. 
 
 In addition, we may in the future seek to securitize our portfolio securities to generate cash for funding new investments. To securitize loans, we would likely create a wholly owned subsidiary and contribute a pool of loans to the subsidiary. We would then sell interests in the subsidiary on a non-recourse basis to purchasers and would retain all or a portion of the equity in the subsidiary. An inability to successfully securitize our loan portfolio could limit our ability to grow our business or fully execute our business strategy and may decrease our earnings, if any. The securitization market is subject to changing market conditions and we may not be able to access this market when we would otherwise deem appropriate. Moreover, the successful securitization of our portfolio might expose us to losses as the residual investments in which we do not sell interests will tend to be those that are riskier and more apt to generate losses. The Investment Company Act also may impose restrictions on the structure of any securitization. 
 
 The Company is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator but may be required to do so in the future. 
 
 To the extent we acquire instruments which are commodity interests, we, the Adviser or another entity involved with the Adviser could be required to register with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator in connection with the Company s acquisition of such commodity interests. We anticipate entering into commodity interest transactions, if at all, to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of the applicable CFTC regulations. Accordingly, the Adviser intends to operate the Company in a manner that will permit the Adviser to rely on an exemption or exclusion from the registration requirements applicable to commodity pool operators and will not be required to deliver a CFTC compliant disclosure document to prospective investors, nor will it be required to provide shareholders with periodic account statements or certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules that are generally applicable to registered commodity pool operators. 
 
 It is possible that, in connection any future strategic transaction or transactions we may enter into, the Adviser may not be able to operate the Company in a manner that will permit the Adviser to rely on an exemption or exclusion from the registration requirements applicable to commodity pool operators. Under these circumstances, the Adviser would be required to comply with disclosure, reporting, recordkeeping and other regulatory requirements applicable to registered commodity pool operators under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act and the CFTC rules. 
 
 Existing and future financial reform legislation applicable to alternative asset managers and financial institutions more generally could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Company at any time. The legal, tax and regulatory environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations and interpretations thereof and increased criticism of the private equity and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect our ability to pursue our investment strategy, our ability to obtain leverage and financing and the value of investments we hold. In recent years, market disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies 
 29 

have led to increased governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general, and certain legislation proposing greater regulation of the industry periodically is considered by the governing bodies of both U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions (including the European Union EU )). It is impossible to predict what, if any, changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to us, the Adviser, Oaktree, their respective affiliates, the markets in which we and they trade and invest, the shareholders or the counterparties with which we and they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no assurance that we, the Adviser, Oaktree or our or their respective affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations that restrict our ability to implement our investment strategy could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio. To the extent that we or our investments are or may become subject to regulation by various agencies in the United States, Europe (including the U.K.) or other countries, the costs of compliance will be borne by us. 
 
 Furthermore, the securities, swaps and futures markets are subject to comprehensive statutes, regulations and margin requirements. The SEC, the CFTC, other regulators and self-regulatory organizations SROs and exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies, and retain the right to suspend or limit trading in securities, which could expose the Company to losses. The effect of any future regulatory change on us could be substantial and adverse. 
 
 Finally, the SEC and other various U.S. federal, state and local agencies may conduct examinations and inquiries into, and bring enforcement and other proceedings against, the Company, the Adviser, Oaktree or their respective affiliates. We, the Adviser, Oaktree or their respective affiliates may receive requests for information or subpoenas from the SEC and other state, federal and non-U.S. regulators (as well as from SROs and exchanges) from time to time in connection with such inquiries and proceedings and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. These requests may relate to a broad range of matters, including specific practices of the Adviser, Oaktree, the securities in which Oaktree invests on behalf of its clients or industry-wide practices. The costs of any such increased reporting, registration and compliance requirements may be borne by the Company and may furthermore place the Company at a competitive disadvantage to the extent that Oaktree or portfolio companies are required to disclose sensitive business information. 
 
 General economic conditions in the Eurozone could adversely affect our ability to make investment in Europe and the performance of any existing investments in Europe. 
 
 There are significant and persistent concerns regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, the overall stability of the Euro and the suitability of the Euro to function as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual Eurozone countries. The risks and prevalent concerns about a credit crisis in Europe could have a detrimental impact on global economic recovery, as well as on sovereign and non-sovereign debt in the Eurozone countries. There can be no assurance that the market disruptions in Europe will not spread to other countries, nor can there be any assurance that future assistance packages will be available or, even if provided, will be sufficient to stabilize affected countries and markets in Europe or elsewhere. These and other concerns could lead to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more Eurozone countries, or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the Euro entirely. Should the Euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences with respect to the Company, our investments in Europe and the shareholders could be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential developments could negatively impact our ability to make investments in Europe, the value of our investments in Europe and the general availability and cost of financing permitted investments. 
 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulations related to privacy, data protection and information securities, and any failure to comply with these requirements could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation. 
 
 The adoption, interpretation and application of consumer protection, data protection and/or privacy laws and regulations in the United States, Europe or other jurisdictions, or Privacy Laws, could significantly impact current and planned privacy and information security related practices, the collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of personal data and current and planned business activities of Oaktree and us and/or our portfolio companies, and increase compliance costs and require the dedication of additional time and resources to compliance for such entities. A failure to comply with such Privacy Laws by any such entity or their service providers could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect the results of operations and overall business of such entity, as well as have a negative impact on its reputation and performance. As Privacy Laws are implemented, interpreted and applied, compliance costs are likely to increase, particularly in the context of ensuring that adequate data protection and data transfer mechanisms are in place. 
 
 For example, California has passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, each of which broadly impacts businesses that handle various types of personal data. Such laws impose stringent legal and operational obligations on regulated businesses, as well as the potential for significant penalties. Other jurisdictions, including other U.S. states, already have, have proposed or are considering similar Privacy Laws, which impose, or could impose if enacted, similarly significant costs, potential liabilities and operational and legal obligations. Such Privacy Laws and 
 30 

regulations are expected to vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, thus increasing costs, operational and legal burdens, and the potential for significant liability for regulated entities, which could include Oaktree and us and/or our portfolio companies. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. 
 
 Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, or Machine Learning Technology, including OpenAI s release of its ChatGPT application, pose risks to us, Oaktree and our portfolio investments. While Oaktree may utilize Machine Learning Technology in connection with its business activities, including investment activities, Oaktree intends to periodically evaluate and/or adjust internal policies governing use of Machine Learning Technology by its personnel. Notwithstanding any such policies, Oaktree personnel, portfolio managers, senior executives, Industry Specialists and other associated persons of Oaktree or any affiliates of Oaktree could, unbeknownst to Oaktree, utilize Machine Learning Technology in contravention of such policies. We, Oaktree and our portfolio investments could be further exposed to the risks of Machine Learning Technology if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to Oaktree, also use Machine Learning Technology in their business activities. Oaktree will not be in a position to control the use of Machine Learning Technology in third-party products or services, including those provided by Oaktree s and its affiliates service providers. 
 
 Use of Machine Learning Technology by any of the parties described in the previous paragraph could include the input of confidential information (including material non-public information)-either by third parties in contravention of non-disclosure agreements, or by Oaktree personnel or the aforementioned Oaktree advisors and affiliates in contravention of Oaktree s policies, contractual or other obligations or restrictions to which any of the foregoing or any of their affiliates or representatives are subject, or otherwise in violation of applicable laws or regulations relating to treatment of confidential and/or personally identifiable information (including material non-public information) into Machine Learning Technology applications, resulting in such confidential information becoming part of a dataset that is accessible by other third-party Machine Learning Technology applications and users. 
 
 Independent of its context of use, Machine Learning Technology is generally highly reliant on the collection and analysis of large amounts of data, and it is not possible or practicable to incorporate all relevant data into the model that Machine Learning Technology utilizes to operate. Certain data in such models will inevitably contain a degree of inaccuracy and error - potentially materially so - and could otherwise be inadequate or flawed, which would be likely to degrade the effectiveness of Machine Learning Technology. To the extent that we, Oaktree or our portfolio investments are exposed to the risks of Machine Learning Technology use, any such inaccuracies or errors could have adverse impacts on us, Oaktree or our portfolio investments. Conversely, to the extent competitors of Oaktree and its portfolio companies utilize Machine Learning Technology more extensively than Oaktree and its portfolio companies, there is a possibility that such competitors will gain a competitive advantage. 
 
 Machine Learning Technology and its applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors, continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks that may arise from such developments. 
 
 We may be held jointly and severally liable for any fine imposed on a portfolio company under EU competition laws. 
 
 Under EU competition law, the parent company of a group or holding companies that hold one or more portfolio companies may be held jointly and severally liable for the anticompetitive conduct of another entity where they formed part of a single economic unit during the period of the infringement. For that to be the case, such parent or holding company must have exercised decisive influence over the conduct of its subsidiary on the market at the time. Such parental liability may be imputed to Oaktree, the Adviser or us with respect to an investment in a portfolio company. In a recent decision, the European Commission imposed a fine jointly and severally on a private equity owner for an antitrust infringement by its former portfolio company. If a current or former portfolio company of ours were to be investigated and ultimately fined by the European Commission for breach of EU competition law, Oaktree, the Adviser or the Company could be held jointly and severally liable in whole or part for any fine that was imposed, which may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 MiFID II obligations could have an adverse effect on the ability of Oaktree and its MiFID-authorized EEA affiliates to obtain and research in connection with the provision of an investment service. 
 
 The Recast European Union Directive on Markets in Financial Instruments MiFID II came into effect on January 3, 2018 and imposes regulatory obligations in respect of providing financial services in the so-called European Economic Area (the EEA by EEA banks and EEA investment firms providing regulated services (each an Investment Firm ). Oaktree is a non-EEA investment manager but can be indirectly affected by MiFID II. MiFID II will, among others, restrict Investment Firms ability to obtain research in connection with the provision of an investment service. For example, Investment Firms providing portfolio management or independent investment advice may purchase investment research only at their own expense or out of specifically dedicated research payment accounts agreed upon with their clients. Research will also have to be 
 31 

unbundled and paid separately from the trading commission. EEA broker-dealers will unbundle research costs and invoice them to Investment Firms separated from dealing commissions. 
 
 It is expected that MiFID II will have significant and wide-ranging impacts on the EU financial services sector including asset managers, distributors and the EU securities and derivatives markets, including (i) enhanced investor protection standards, for example, extending product disclosure requirements originally aimed at protecting retail clients only under MiFID II to professional clients and introducing new product governance requirements impacting the design and distribution of financial instruments, (ii) enhanced corporate governance standards, (iii) rules regarding the ability of portfolio management firms to receive and pay for investment research relating to all asset classes, (iv) enhanced regulation of algorithmic trading, (v) the movement of trading in certain shares and derivatives onto regulated execution venues, (vi) the extension of pre- and post-trade transparency requirements to wider categories of financial instruments, (vii) restrictions on the use of so-called dark pool trading, (viii) the creation of a new type of trading venue called the Organised Trading Facility for non-equity financial instruments, (ix) commodity derivative position limits and reporting requirements, (x) an enhanced role for ESMA in supervising EU securities and derivatives markets and (xi) new requirements regarding non-EU investment firms access to EU financial markets. Implementation of these measures may have direct and indirect impacts on Oaktree and its affiliates. The extent to which MiFID II will have an indirect impact on markets and market participants outside the EU is unclear and yet to fully play out in practice. It will likely impact pricing, liquidity and transparency in most asset classes and certainly impact the research market. Accordingly, it is also difficult to predict the full impact of MiFID II on us, which may include an increase in the ongoing costs borne, directly or indirectly, by us. As a result, MiFID II may adversely affect the returns that investors might otherwise have received from us. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with ESG matters. 
 
 Oaktree has established an ESG Policy, which the Adviser intends to apply to our investments as applicable, consistent with and subject to applicable fiduciary duties and any legal, regulatory or contractual requirements. Depending on the investment, ESG factors could have a material effect on the return and risk profile of the investment. The act of selecting and evaluating material ESG factors is subjective by nature, Oaktree may be subject to competing demands from different investors and other stakeholder groups with divergent views on ESG matters, including the role of ESG factors in the investment process, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by the Adviser or a third-party ESG advisor will reflect the beliefs or values, internal policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or other asset managers or reflect market trends. Although Oaktree views the consideration of ESG to be an opportunity to potentially enhance or protect the performance of its investments over the long-term, Oaktree cannot guarantee that its ESG program, which depends in part on qualitative judgments, will positively impact the performance of any individual investment or us as a whole. Similarly, to the extent the Adviser or a third-party ESG advisor engages with portfolio investments on ESG-related practices and potential enhancements thereto, there is no guarantee that such engagements will improve the performance of the investment. Successful engagement efforts on the part of the Adviser or a third-party ESG advisor will depend on the Adviser s or any relevant third-party advisor s ability to engage with the relevant investment and skill in properly identifying and analyzing material ESG and other factors and their value, and there can be no assurance that the strategy or techniques employed will be successful. 
 
 The materiality of ESG factors on an individual asset or issuer and on a portfolio as a whole depends on many factors, including the relevant industry, location, asset class and investment strategy. ESG factors, issues, and considerations do not apply in every instance or with respect to each investment held, or proposed to be made, by us, and will vary greatly based on numerous criteria, including, but not limited to, location, industry, investment strategy, and issuer-specific and investment-specific characteristics. In evaluating a prospective investment, the Adviser often depends upon information and data provided by the entity or obtained via third-party reporting or advisors, which may be incomplete or inaccurate and could cause the Adviser to incorrectly identify, prioritize, assess or analyze the entity s ESG practices and/or related risks and opportunities. The Adviser does not intend to independently verify certain of the ESG information reported by our investments, and may decide in its discretion not to utilize, report on, or consider certain information provided by such investments. Any ESG reporting will be provided in the Adviser s sole discretion. 
 
 In addition, Oaktree s ESG Policy and associated procedures and practices are expected to change over time. Oaktree is permitted to determine in its discretion that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain of its ESG initiatives based on cost, timing or other considerations. It is also possible that market dynamics or other factors will make it impractical, inadvisable or impossible for the Adviser to adhere to all elements of our investment strategy, including with respect to ESG risk and opportunity management, whether with respect to one or more individual investments or to our portfolio generally. ESG-related statements, initiatives and goals as described in this annual report on Form 10-K with respect to our investment strategy, portfolio, and investments are aspirational and not guarantees or promises that all or any such initiatives and goals will be achieved other than as set out in any applicable regulatory disclosures, including those made pursuant to the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation SFDR ). 
 
 Further, ESG integration and responsible investing practices as a whole are evolving rapidly and there are different principles, frameworks, methodologies and tracking tools being implemented by asset managers, and Oaktree s adoption of and 
 32 

adherence to such principles, frameworks, methodologies and tools may vary over time. For example, Oaktree s ESG Policy does not represent a universally recognized standard for assessing ESG considerations. Any ESG-related initiatives to which Oaktree is or becomes a signatory, member, or supporter may not align with the approach used by other asset managers (or preferred by prospective investors) or with future market trends. There is no guarantee that Oaktree will remain a signatory, supporter or member of or continue to report at the intended cadence or at all under or in alignment with such initiatives or other similar industry frameworks. 
 
 Moreover, in recent years anti-ESG sentiment has gained momentum across the U.S., with several states and Congress having proposed or enacted anti-ESG policies, legislation, or initiatives or issued related legal opinions. Additionally, asset managers have been subject to recent scrutiny related to ESG-focused industry working groups, initiatives, and associations, including organizations advancing action to address climate change or climate-related risk. Further, some conservative groups and Republican state attorneys general have asserted that the Supreme Court s decision striking down race-based affirmative action in higher education in June 2023 should be analogized to private employment matters and private contract matters. Several new cases alleging discrimination based on similar arguments have been filed since the decision, which has escalated scrutiny of certain practices and initiatives related to diversity, equity, and inclusion, DEI ). Such anti-ESG and anti-DEI-related policies, legislation, initiatives, litigation, legal opinions, and scrutiny could result in Oaktree facing additional compliance obligations, becoming the subject of investigations or enforcement actions, or sustaining reputational harm, or require certain investors to divest or discourage certain investors from investing in us. 
 
 There is growing regulatory interest across jurisdictions, particularly in the U.S., UK and EU (which may be looked to as models in growth markets), in improving transparency around how asset managers identify and manage financially material ESG risks as well as how they define and measure ESG performance, in order to allow investors to better understand and validate sustainability-related claims. Compliance with regulations concerning asset managers sustainability and ESG disclosures, including those set forth below, results in management burdens and costs because of, for example, the need to obtain advice from third-party advisors; implement specific governance, risk management systems, and internal controls; and collect information from and about investments. Further, changes to existing regulations, enactment of new regulations, and changes to enforcement patterns could subject the Adviser or us to additional compliance burdens, costs, and/or enforcement risks, or impact our ability to deliver on our investment strategy. Oaktree cannot guarantee that its current approach to ESG (including the ESG Policy) will meet future regulatory requirements. 
 
 The SEC established a Climate and ESG Enforcement Task Force in March 2021. On May 25, 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to rules and reporting forms concerning ESG factors, which rules are not in final form and therefore it cannot be determined how they may affect us. 
 
 We, Oaktree and/or our portfolio companies may be subject to disclosure laws and regulations related to a range of sustainability matters, including greenhouse gas emissions; climate change risks; diversity, equity and inclusion; and human rights matters, or Sustainability Disclosure Laws. For example, in March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules intended to enhance and standardize climate-related disclosures by public companies and in public offerings; these rules are stayed pending the outcome of consolidated legal challenges in the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. In the Fall of 2023, California passed the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (SB-253) and Climate-Related Financial Risk Act (SB-261), which will impose broad climate-related disclosure obligations on U.S.-organized entities that meet certain revenue thresholds and do business in California, as well as the Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Act (AB-1305), which is focused on the voluntary carbon market for carbon credits but also includes disclosure requirements for companies with a required nexus to California making certain climate-related claims. In Europe, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive introduces wide-ranging and detailed obligations for European and non-European undertakings to make disclosures in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards on impacts, risks and opportunities on a double materiality basis. In addition to assessing the financial materiality of a sustainability matter, sustainability matters that pertain to the undertaking s actual or potential, positive or negative impacts on people or the environment over the short-, medium-, or long-term must be disclosed. Impacts may include those connected with the entity s own operations and upstream and downstream value chain, including through its products and services, as well as through its business relationships. Other jurisdictions have also enacted or are considering enacting mandatory climate and sustainability reporting laws (in many cases based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures or the standards published by the International Sustainability Standards Board), as well as laws requiring reporting of information on other ESG topics, such as human capital. Compliance with Sustainability Disclosure Laws may require the implementation of or changes to systems and procedures for the collection and processing of relevant data and related internal and external controls, changes to management and/or operational obligations, and dedication of substantial time and financial resources. The compliance burden and related costs may increase over time. Failure to comply with applicable Sustainability Disclosure Laws may lead to investigations and audits, fines, other enforcement action or liabilities, or reputational damage. 
 
 We, Oaktree and/or our portfolio companies may be subject to laws and regulations requiring due diligence processes and internal compliance systems in relation to a range of human rights and environmental matters, or Sustainability Due Diligence Laws. For example, a number of jurisdictions have passed or proposed mandatory due diligence requirements in relation to forced labor and human rights matters across corporate groups and supply chains. Compliance with Sustainability Due 
 33 

Diligence Laws may require the development or update of internal compliance and enterprise risk management policies and related procedures; assigning board and/or management oversight as well as day-to-day operational responsibility for in-scope human rights and environmental matters; implementation of periodic compliance risk assessments; updates to contractual frameworks and agreements; the development of preventative and/or corrective action plans; changes to purchasing, design, and distribution practices, where relevant; and the development or update of notification mechanisms and complaints procedures. The compliance burden and related costs may increase over time. Failure to comply with applicable Sustainability Due Diligence Laws may lead to investigations and audits, fines, exclusion from public procurement, other enforcement action or liabilities, including civil liability or liability from third-party claims, and reputational damage. 
 
 There are a number of different principles, frameworks, and/or methodologies for integrating sustainability-related incentives, mandates, and/or reporting requirements into financing arrangements. Any principles, frameworks, and/or methodologies which we anticipate referencing and/or utilizing may not align with other asset managers and/or those preferred by prospective investors. In addition, unless otherwise stated in our regulatory disclosures, no assurance is given that any of our financing arrangements will align with particular market frameworks, including the Green Loan, Social Loan, and/or Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles published by the Loan Market Association, Loan Syndications and Trading Association, and the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association, or the Principles. Furthermore, to the extent any of such financing arrangement is considered to be aligned with any relevant Principles at origination by us, there is no guarantee that such financing will maintain alignment with the Principles over the relevant term. Any declassification and/or deviation with the applicable Principles may expose us and/or Oaktree to certain investigations, claims, and/or allegations, which may lead to increased costs and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with sustainability-aligned portfolio mandates. 
 
 Regulation of derivatives transactions in the United States and other jurisdictions may have a negative impact on the performance of our investments. 
 
 Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act establishes a general framework for systemic regulation that has imposed and will impose mandatory clearing, exchange trading and margin requirements on many derivatives transactions. The Dodd-Frank Act also created new categories of regulated market participants, such as swap dealers and security-based swap dealers that are subject to significant new capital, registration, recordkeeping, reporting, disclosure, business conduct and other regulatory requirements, a large number of which have been implemented. This regulatory framework has significantly increased the costs of entering into derivatives transactions for end-users of derivatives, such as us. In particular, new margin requirements and capital charges, even when not directly applicable to us, are expected to increase the pricing of derivatives we transact in. New exchange trading and trade reporting requirements and position limits may lead to changes in the liquidity of derivative transactions, or higher pricing. 
 
 In addition to U.S. laws and regulations relating to derivatives, certain non-U.S. regulatory authorities have passed or proposed, or may propose in the future, legislation similar to that imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. For example, EU legislation imposes position limits on certain commodity transactions, and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR requires reporting of derivatives and various risk mitigation techniques to be applied to derivatives entered into by parties that are subject to EMIR. Certain entities may be required to clear certain derivatives and may be subject to initial and variation margin requirements with respect to their non-cleared derivatives, under EMIR and its subordinate legislation. These EU regulatory changes have impacted or will impact, directly or indirectly, a broad range of counterparties, both outside and within the EU, and are understood to have increased, and are expected to potentially increase, our costs of transacting derivatives (particularly with banks and other dealers directly subject to such regulations). 
 
 In addition, the tax environment for derivative instruments and funds is evolving, and changes in the taxation of derivative instruments or funds may adversely affect the value of certain derivatives contracts we enter into and our ability to pursue our investment strategies. There can be no assurance that new legislation or regulation, including changes to existing laws and regulations, will not have a material negative impact on our investment performance. 
 
 Compliance with anti-money laundering requirements could require Oaktree and the Adviser to provide to governmental authorities information about the Company s shareholders and could require that a shareholder s funds be frozen or that the shareholder withdraw from the Company. 
 
 The Adviser and Oaktree will be authorized, without the consent of any person, including any shareholder, to take such action as the Adviser or Oaktree determines in its sole discretion to be reasonably necessary or advisable to comply, or to cause the Company to comply, with any applicable laws and regulations, including any anti-money laundering or counter-terrorist financing laws, rules, regulations, directives or special measures. In addition, the Adviser and Oaktree may disclose, without the consent of any person, including any shareholder, to governmental authorities, SROs and financial institutions information concerning the Company and one or more of the shareholders that the Adviser or Oaktree determines in its sole discretion is necessary or advisable to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including any anti-money laundering or counter-terrorist financing laws or regulations, and each shareholder will be required to provide the Adviser or Oaktree all information that the 
 34 

Adviser or Oaktree determines in its sole discretion to be advisable or necessary to comply with such laws and regulations. The Adviser may be required by applicable law to freeze a shareholder s funds or cause such shareholder to withdraw or compulsorily withdraw such shareholder from the Company. 
 
 Economic and trade sanctions and anti-bribery laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to conduct our operations or achieve our business objectives. 
 
 Economic and trade sanctions laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit Oaktree, the Investment Professionals and us from transacting with or in certain countries and with certain individuals, companies and industry sectors. In the United States, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces laws, Executive Orders and regulations establishing U.S. sanctions. Such sanctions prohibit, among other things, transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals. These entities and individuals include specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to OFAC sanctions and embargo programs. In addition, certain sanctions programs prohibit dealing with individuals or entities in certain countries or certain securities and certain industry sectors regardless of whether relevant individuals or entities appear on the lists maintained by OFAC, which may make it more difficult for us to comply with applicable sanctions. These types of sanctions may significantly restrict or limit our investment activities in certain countries (in particular, certain emerging market countries). We, Oaktree and the Investment Professionals may from time to time be subject to trade sanctions laws and regulations of other jurisdictions, which may be inconsistent with or even seek to prohibit compliance with certain sanctions programs administered by OFAC. The legal uncertainties arising from those conflicts may make it more difficult or costly for us to navigate investment activities that are subject to sanctions administered by OFAC or the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions. Some jurisdictions where Oaktree or its portfolio companies do business from time to time have adopted measures prohibiting compliance with certain U.S. sanctions programs, which may make compliance with all applicable sanctions impossible. 
 
 At the same time, Oaktree may be obligated to comply with certain anti-boycott laws and regulations that prevent Oaktree and us from engaging in certain discriminatory practices that may be allowed or required in certain jurisdictions. Oaktree s refusal to discriminate in this manner could make it more difficult for us to pursue certain investments and engage in certain business activities, and any compliance with such practices could subject Oaktree or us to fines, penalties, and adverse legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 In some countries, there is a greater acceptance than in the United States and the U.K. of government involvement in commercial activities and of activities constituting corruption in the United States and the U.K. Certain countries, including the United States and the U.K., have laws prohibiting government and private commercial, or commercial, bribery. We and Oaktree are committed to complying with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws, anti-bribery laws and regulations, as well as anti-boycott regulations, to which they are subject. As a result, we may be adversely affected because of our unwillingness to participate in transactions that violate such laws or regulations. Such laws and regulations may make it difficult in certain circumstances for us to act successfully on investment opportunities and for portfolio companies to obtain or retain business. 
 
 In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have devoted greater resources to enforcement of the FCPA and have devoted greater scrutiny to investments by private equity sponsors. In addition, the U.K., with enactment of the U.K. Bribery Act, has expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws significantly. While Oaktree has developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by Oaktree and its personnel with the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act and the sanctions regimes that apply to Oaktree, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations or offenses. In addition, in spite of Oaktree s policies and procedures, affiliates of portfolio companies, particularly in cases in which we or an Other Oaktree Fund do not control such portfolio company, may engage in activities that could result in FCPA, U.K. 
 
 Bribery Act or other violations of law. Any determination that Oaktree has violated or committed an offense under the FCPA, U.K. Bribery Act or other applicable anti-corruption laws or anti-bribery laws or sanctions requirements could subject Oaktree to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, reputational damage, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, disclosure obligations and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect Oaktree s business prospects and/or financial position, as well as our ability to achieve our investment objective and/or conduct our operations. 
 
 We may face a breach of our cyber security, which could result in adverse consequences to our operations and exposure of confidential information. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and are expected to continue to increase in frequency and severity in the future. The information and technology systems of Oaktree, its affiliates, portfolio companies, issuers and service providers may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cybersecurity 
 35 

breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors or malfeasance by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages, and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or terrorist incidents. If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, or if personnel abuse or misuse their access privileges, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including non-public personal information related to our shareholders (and their beneficial owners) and material non-public information. Although Oaktree has implemented, and portfolio companies, issuers and service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, such systems could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Oaktree does not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by third-party service providers, and such third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to Oaktree, its affiliates, us, our shareholders and/or a portfolio company or issuer, each of whom could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified in a timely manner or at all, even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems. This could potentially result in further harm and prevent such breaches from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems and/or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in Oaktree s, its affiliates , our and/or a portfolio company s or issuer s operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to shareholders (and their beneficial owners), material non-public information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information of Oaktree and/or portfolio companies or issuers. We, Oaktree and/or a portfolio company could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any such failures, harm to our reputations, legal claims that we or our respective affiliates may be subjected to regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity, and other events that may affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with inflation. 
 
 High rates of inflation and rapid increases in the rate of inflation generally have a negative impact on financial markets and the broader economy. In an attempt to stabilize inflation, governments may impose wage and price controls or otherwise intervene in a country s economy. Governmental efforts to curb inflation, including by increasing interest rates or reducing fiscal or monetary stimuli, often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. Certain countries, including the United States, have recently seen increased levels of inflation, and persistently high levels of inflation could have a material and adverse impact on our investments and our aggregated returns. For example, if a portfolio company were unable to increase its revenue while the cost of relevant inputs were increasing, the company s profitability would likely suffer. Likewise, to the extent a portfolio company has revenue streams that are slow or unable to adjust to changes in inflation, including by contractual arrangements or otherwise, the portfolio company could increase revenue by less than its expenses increase. Conversely, as inflation declines, a portfolio company may see its competitors costs stabilize sooner or more rapidly than its own. Moreover, increasing inflation will also impact currencies and can lead to significant currency fluctuations. This has recently resulted in a strengthening of the U.S. dollar vis- -vis many other currencies but there can be no assurances that such trends will continue and/or that this trend will not reverse such that the U.S. dollar is weakened vis- -vis other currencies. Additionally, because the hurdle is not linked to the rate of inflation, as the rate of inflation increases the proportion of real returns (i.e., the nominal rate of return less the rate of inflation), it is easier for the Adviser to meet the quarterly hurdle rate for payment of income incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement, which may result in an increase in the amount of the income-based incentive fee payable to our Adviser. There can be no assurance that high rates of inflation will not have a material adverse effect on our investments. 
 
 We may have no or limited insurance against certain catastrophic losses. 
 
 Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as wars, earthquakes, typhoons, terrorist attacks or other similar events, may be either uninsurable or insurable at such high rates that to maintain such coverage would cause an adverse impact on the related investments. In general, losses related to terrorism are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Some insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all-risk policies. In some cases, the insurers are offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums, which can greatly increase the total cost of casualty insurance for a property. As a result, all investments may not be insured against terrorism. If a major uninsured loss occurs, we could lose both invested capital in and anticipated profits from the affected investments. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain all required licenses. 
 
 Certain federal and local banking and other regulatory bodies or agencies inside or outside the United States may require us and/or the Adviser to obtain licenses or similar authorizations to engage in various types of lending activities, including investment in senior loans. Such licenses or authorizations may take a significant amount of time to obtain, and may require the disclosure of confidential information regarding the Company, a shareholder or their respective affiliates, including financial information and/or information regarding officers and directors of such investor, and we may or may not be willing or able to comply with these requirements. In addition, there can be no assurance that any such licenses or authorizations would be 
 36 

granted or, if so, would not impose restrictions on us. Alternatively, the Adviser may be able to structure our potential investments in a manner which would not require such licenses and authorizations, but which would be inefficient or otherwise disadvantageous for us and/or the borrower. The inability of the Company or the Adviser to obtain such licenses or authorizations, or the structuring of an investment in an inefficient or otherwise disadvantageous manner, could adversely affect the Adviser s ability to implement our strategy and our results. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to regulations not applicable to private companies, such as provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Efforts to comply with such regulations will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Our management is required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a relatively new company, developing and maintaining an effective system of internal controls may require significant expenditures, which may negatively impact our financial performance and our ability to make distributions. This process also will result in a diversion of our management s time and attention. We cannot be certain of when our evaluation, testing and remediation actions will be completed or the impact of the same on our operations. In addition, we may be unable to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal controls over financial reporting are or will be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls and maintain or achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 
 Compliance with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact our ability to raise capital, which would harm our ability to achieve our investment objective. 
 
 Broker-dealers must comply with Regulation Best Interest, which, among other requirements, enhances the existing standard of conduct for broker-dealers and natural persons who are associated persons of a broker-dealer when recommending to a retail customer any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer. The impact of Regulation Best Interest on broker-dealers participating in our current public offering cannot be determined at this time, but it may negatively impact whether broker-dealers and their associated persons recommend our Common Shares to retail customers. Regulation Best Interest imposes a duty of care for broker-dealers to evaluate reasonable alternatives in the best interests of their clients. Reasonable alternatives to the Company, such as listed entities, exist and may have lower expenses, less complexity and/or lower investment risk than the Company. Certain investments in listed entities may involve lower or no commissions at the time of initial purchase. Under Regulation Best Interest, broker-dealers participating in our current public offering must consider such alternatives in the best interests of their clients. If Regulation Best Interest reduces our ability to raise capital in our continuous public offering, it would harm our ability to create a diversified portfolio of investments and achieve our investment objective and would result in our fixed operating costs representing a larger percentage of our gross income. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Investments 
 
 Investments in privately owned small- and medium-sized companies pose a number of significant risks. 
 
 We invest primarily in privately owned medium-sized companies and may also invest in privately owned small companies. Investments in these types of companies pose a number of significant risks. For example, such companies: (a) have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress; (b) may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under the debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of the Company realizing any guarantees it may have obtained in connection with our investment; (c) may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and changing market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; (d) are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on the portfolio company and, in turn, on us; (e) may have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in volatile businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and (f) are not subject to the Exchange Act and other regulations that govern public companies, and, therefore, provide little information to the public. In addition, we, the Adviser, its and our affiliates and trustees, executive management team and members, and the Investment Professionals may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in such portfolio companies. 
 37 

Further, investments in such companies tend to be less liquid. See The illiquid nature of certain of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desire d below. 
 
 Finally, little public information generally exists about privately owned companies, and these companies often do not have third-party debt ratings or audited financial statements. Shareholders, therefore, must rely on the ability of the Adviser to obtain adequate information through due diligence to evaluate the creditworthiness and potential returns from investing in these companies. Additionally, these companies and their financial information will not generally be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. If the Adviser is unable to uncover all material information about these companies, it may not make a fully informed investment decision, and shareholders may lose money on our investments. 
 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 
 General interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit spreads on floating rate loans may have a substantial negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our rate of return on invested capital, our net investment income and our net asset value. The majority of our debt investments have, and are expected to have, variable interest rates that reset periodically based on benchmarks such as the SOFR, the SONIA, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the federal funds rate, prime rate or any other offered rate benchmark or index. Increases in interest rates made it more difficult for our portfolio companies to service their obligations under the debt investments that we will hold and increased defaults even where our investment income increased. Rising interest rates also caused borrowers to shift cash from other productive uses to the payment of interest. Additionally, if interest rates were to increase and the corresponding risk of a default by borrowers increases, the liquidity of higher interest rate loans may decrease as fewer investors may be willing to purchase such loans in the secondary market in light of the increased risk of a default by the borrower and the heightened risk of a loss of an investment in such loans. All of these risks may be exacerbated if interest rates were to again rise rapidly and/or significantly. Decreases in credit spreads on debt that pays a floating rate of return would have an impact on the income generation of our floating rate assets. Trading prices for debt that pays a fixed rate of return tend to fall as interest rates rise. Trading prices tend to fluctuate more for fixed rate securities that have longer maturities. 
 
 Conversely, as interest rates decline, borrowers may refinance their loans at lower interest rates, which could shorten the average life of the loans and reduce the associated returns on the investment, as well as require our Adviser and the Investment Professionals to incur management time and expense to re-deploy such proceeds, including on terms that may not be as favorable as our existing loans. 
 
 In addition, because we borrow to fund our investments, a portion of our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the interest rate at which we borrow funds and the interest rate at which we invest these funds. Portions of our investment portfolio and our borrowings have floating rate components. As a result, elevated interest rates increased our interest expense as may the incurrence of additional fixed rate borrowings. In future periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would again increase, which would tend to reduce our net investment income. We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as interest rate swap agreements, futures, options and forward contracts, subject to applicable legal requirements, including all necessary registrations (or exemptions from registration) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. In addition, our interest expense may not decrease at the same rate as overall interest rates because of our fixed rate borrowings, which could lead to greater declines in our net investment income. These activities may limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged borrowings. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Elevated interest rates have the effect of increasing our net investment income, which makes it easier for our Adviser to receive incentive fees. 
 
 Elevated interest rates have the effect of increasing the interest rates we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, in an elevated interest rate environment, it is easier for us to meet or exceed the performance threshold in the Investment Advisory Agreement and for the Adviser to earn incentive fees payable to our Adviser with respect to the portion of the incentive fee based on income. 
 
 We face risk of loss in connection with transactions with counterparties, settlements and exposure to local intermediaries. 
 
 From time to time, certain securities markets have experienced operational clearance and settlement problems that have resulted in failed trades. These problems could cause us to miss attractive investment opportunities or result in our liability to third parties by virtue of an inability to perform our contractual obligation to deliver securities. In addition, delays and inefficiencies of the local postal, transport and banking systems could result in the loss of investment opportunities, the loss of funds (including dividends) and exposure to currency fluctuations. 
 38 

Because certain purchases, sales, securities lending, derivatives and other transactions in which we engage involve instruments that are not traded on an exchange, but are instead traded between counterparties based on contractual relationships, we are subject to the risk that a counterparty will not perform its obligations under the related contracts, as well as risks of transfer, clearance or settlement default. Such risks may be exacerbated with respect to non-U.S. securities or transactions with non-U.S. counterparties. There can be no assurance that a counterparty will not default and that we will not sustain a loss on a transaction as a result. Such risks may differ materially from those entailed in exchange-traded transactions that generally are backed by clearing organization guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement of positions and segregation and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. There can be no assurance that the Adviser s monitoring activities will be sufficient to adequately control counterparty risk. 
 
 In situations where we place assets in the care of a custodian or are required to post margin or other collateral with a counterparty, the custodian or counterparty may fail to segregate such assets or collateral, as applicable, or may commingle the assets or collateral with the relevant custodian s or counterparty s own assets or collateral, as applicable. As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of any custodian or counterparty, our excess assets and collateral may be subject to the conflicting claims of the creditors of the relevant custodian or counterparty, and we may be exposed to the risk of a court treating the Company as a general unsecured creditor of such custodian or counterparty, rather than as the owner of such assets or collateral, as the case may be. 
 
 Certain of our transactions may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other organizations in the countries in which we make investments, and we will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The collection, transfer and deposit of bearer securities and cash expose the Company to a variety of risks, including theft, loss and destruction. Finally, we will be dependent upon the general soundness of the banking systems of countries in which investments will be made. 
 
 Recent developments in the banking sector could materially affect the success of our activities and investments. 
 
 Recent insolvency, closure, receivership or other financial distress or difficulty and related events experienced by certain U.S. and non-U.S. banks (each, a Distress Event ), have caused uncertainty and fear of instability in the global financial system generally. In addition, eroding market sentiment and speculation of potential future Distress Events have caused other financial institutions - in particular smaller and/or regional banks - to experience volatile stock prices and significant losses in their equity value, and there is concern that depositors at these institutions have withdrawn, or may withdraw in the future, significant sums from their accounts at these institutions, potentially triggering the occurrence of additional Distress Events. Notwithstanding intervention by certain U.S. and non-U.S. governmental agencies to protect the uninsured depositors of banks that have recently experienced Distress Events, there is no guarantee that depositors (which depositors could include us and/or our portfolio companies) that have assets in excess of the amount insured by governmental agencies on deposit with a financial institution that experiences a Distress Event will be made whole or, even if made whole, that such deposits will become available for withdrawal or other usage on a timely basis. 
 
 There is a risk that other banks, other lenders, or other financial institutions (including such financial institutions in their respective capacities as brokers, hedging counterparties, custodians, loan servicers, administrators, intermediary or other service providers (the foregoing, together with banks, each, a Financial Institution )) may be similarly impacted, and it is uncertain what steps (if any) government or other regulators may take in such circumstances. As a consequence, for example, Oaktree, us and/or our portfolio companies may be delayed or prevented from accessing funds or other assets, making any required payments under debt or other contractual obligations, paying distributions or pursuing key strategic initiatives. In addition, such bank or other Financial Institution Distress Events and/or attendant instability could adversely affect, in certain circumstances, the ability of both affiliated and unaffiliated joint venture partners, co-lenders, syndicate lenders or other parties to undertake and/or execute transactions with us, which in turn may result in fewer investment opportunities being made available to us or being consummated by us, result in shortfalls or defaults under existing investments, or impact our ability to provide additional follow-on support to portfolio companies. Distress Events could also impact the ability of Oaktree, us and/or portfolio companies to access hedging, loan servicing, monitoring, compliance (including compliance with anti-money laundering and related laws and regulations), administration, intermediation or other services, either permanently or for an extended period of time. 
 
 In addition, in the event that a Financial Institution that provides credit facilities and/or other financing to us, any of our affiliates, and/or one or more of our portfolio companies closes or experiences any other Distress Event, there can be no assurance that such Financial Institution will honor its obligations to provide such financing or that we or such portfolio company will be able to secure replacement financing or credit accommodations at all or on similar terms, or be able to do so without suffering delays or incurring losses or significant additional expenses. Similarly, if a Distress Event leads to a loss of access to a Financial Institution s other services (in addition to financing and other credit accommodations), it is also possible 
 39 

that we or our portfolio companies will incur additional expenses or delays in putting in place alternative arrangements or that such alternative arrangements will be less favorable than those formerly in place (with respect to economic terms, service levels, access to capital, or otherwise). We and our portfolio companies are subject to similar risks if a Financial Institution utilized by our investors or by suppliers, vendors, brokers, dealers, custodians, loan and portfolio servicers, hedging and other service providers or other counterparties of us or our portfolio companies becomes subject to a Distress Event, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We, our affiliates, and our portfolio companies are expected to be subject to contractual obligations to maintain all or a portion of their respective assets with a particular Financial Institutions (including, without limitation, in connection with a credit facility or other financing transaction). Accordingly, although each of Oaktree and us seeks to do business with Financial Institutions that it believes are creditworthy and capable of fulfilling their respective obligations, there can be no expectation that any of the foregoing, or any of their respective affiliates or portfolio companies will establish banking relationships or financial arrangements with multiple Financial Institutions or maintain account balances at or below the relevant insured amounts with respect to any Financial Institution. 
 
 Uncertainty caused by recent bank failures - and general concern regarding the financial health and outlook for other Financial Institutions - could have an overall negative effect on banking systems and financial markets generally. These recent developments may also have other implications for broader economic and monetary policy, including interest rate policy. For the foregoing reasons, there can be no assurances that conditions in the banking sector and in global financial markets will not worsen and/or adversely affect us, our portfolio companies or our respective financial performance. 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine could materially affect the success of our activities and investments. 
 
 In 2022, the Russian military commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s forces into Ukraine. In response, the United States, United Kingdom, the European Union, or EU, and other countries have imposed significant sanctions targeting the Russian financial system, petroleum sector and extractive industries, heavy manufacturing, and other sectors. These and other jurisdictions have also imposed prohibitions on most new investment in Russia, prohibitions on trade in many Russian securities, and prohibitions on the provision of a number of services to certain sectors of the Russian economy. Since the invasion, the sanctions and export controls landscape has been and is likely to continue to be dynamic. Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the resulting displacement of persons both within Ukraine and to neighboring countries and the increasing international sanctions could have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of our investments. Furthermore, given the ongoing and evolving nature of the conflict between the two nations and its ongoing escalation (including with respect to the use of nuclear weapons and cyberwarfare against military and civilian targets globally), it is difficult to predict the conflict s ultimate impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, the situation presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and the performance of its investments or operations, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas could materially affect the success of our activities and investments. 
 
 On October 7, 2023, Hamas (an organization which governs Gaza and which has been designated as a terrorist organization by the United States, the United Kingdom, the EU, Australia and other nations) committed a terrorist attack within Israel (the October 7 Attacks ). As of the date hereof, Israel and Hamas remain in active armed conflict. The ongoing conflict and rapidly evolving measures in response could have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of our investments. The severity and duration of the conflict and its future impact on global economic and market conditions (including, for example, oil prices and/or the shipping industry) are impossible to predict and, as a result, present material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and the performance of our investments and operations, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. For example, the armed conflict may expand and may ultimately more actively involve the United States, Lebanon (and/or Hezbollah), Syria, Iran, Yemen and/or other countries or terrorist organizations, any of which may exacerbate the risks described above. Similar risks exist to the extent that any portfolio companies, service providers, vendors or certain other parties have material operations or assets in the Middle East or the immediate surrounding areas. The United States has announced sanctions and other measures against Hamas-related persons and organizations in response to the October 7 Attacks, and the United States (and/or other countries) may announce further sanctions related to the ongoing conflict in the future. 
 
 Our investments are subject to environmental risks. 
 
 We may face significant environmental liability in connection with our investments. When compared to the United States, the historical lack or inadequacy of environmental regulation in certain non-U.S. countries has led to the widespread pollution of air, ground and water resources. The legislative framework for environmental liability in these countries has not been fully established or implemented. The extent of the responsibility, if any, for the costs of abating environmental hazards may be unclear when we are considering an investment. We may engage the services of qualified environmental consultants as necessary to assess the environmental condition of property which may be or is an investment. Nevertheless, we or a company 
 40 

in which we invest may be considered an owner or operator of properties on or in which asbestos or other hazardous or toxic substances exist and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs, as well as certain other related costs, including governmental fines and costs of injuries to persons and property. These costs can be substantially in excess of the value of the property. The presence of environmental contamination, pollutants or other hazardous or toxic substances on or emanating from a property (whether known at the time of acquisition or not) could also result in personal injury (and associated liability) to persons on or in the vicinity of the property and persons removing such materials, future or continuing property damage (which may adversely affect property value) or claims by third parties, including as a result of exposure to or damage from such materials through the spread of contaminants. 
 
 Environmental laws, regulations and regulatory initiatives play a significant role in the energy and utility industries and can have a substantial impact on investments in this industry. For example, global initiatives to minimize pollution have played a major role in the increase in demand for gas and alternative energy sources, creating numerous new investment opportunities. Conversely, required expenditures for environmental compliance have adversely impacted investment returns in a number of segments of the industry. The energy and utility industries will continue to face considerable oversight from environmental regulatory authorities. We may invest in portfolio companies that are subject to changing and increasingly stringent environmental and health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements. There can be no guarantee that all costs and risks regarding compliance with environmental laws and regulations can be identified. New and more stringent environmental and health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements or stricter interpretations of current laws or regulations could impose substantial additional costs on portfolio companies or potential investments. Compliance with such current or future environmental requirements does not ensure that the operations of the portfolio companies will not cause injury to the environment or to people under all circumstances or that the portfolio companies will not be required to incur additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. Moreover, failure to comply with any such requirements could have a material adverse effect on a portfolio company, and there can be no assurance that portfolio companies will at all times comply with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements. Past practices or future operations of portfolio companies could also result in material personal injury or property damage claims, which could have an adverse effect on our performance. 
 
 We and/or our portfolio companies may be materially and adversely impacted by global climate change. 
 
 Global climate change is widely considered to be a significant threat to the global economy. Real estate and similar assets in particular may face risks associated with climate change, including risks related to the impact of climate-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to climate-related business trends, and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change, such as the increasing frequency or severity of extreme weather events and rising sea levels and temperatures. 
 
 The market s focus on climate change may not have a positive impact on our investments. 
 
 Financial resources and public and private investment into business activities seeking to address climate change, reduce emissions and promote adaptation to climate change-related impacts are increasing. While financial and non-financial benefits may flow from these types of investments, Oaktree cannot guarantee that such activities will improve the financial or environmental, social and governance-related performance of the investment, reduce emissions or promote adaptation to climate change-related impacts and Oaktree may also not find itself in a position to maximize opportunities presented by such business activities whether in respect of financial or non-financial returns. 
 
 Additionally, the Paris Agreement and other regulatory and voluntary initiatives launched by international, federal, state, and regional policymakers and regulatory authorities as well as private actors seeking to reduce greenhouse gas GHG emissions may expose real estate and similar assets to so-called transition risks in addition to physical risks, such as: (i) political and policy risks (e.g., changing regulatory incentives and legal requirements, including with respect to GHG emissions, that could result in increased costs or changes in business operations), (ii) regulatory and litigation risks (e.g., changing legal requirements that could result in increased permitting, tax and compliance costs, changes in business operations, or the discontinuance of certain operations, and litigation seeking monetary or injunctive relief related to impacts related to climate change), (iii) technology and market risks (e.g., declining market for assets, products and services seen as GHG intensive or less effective than alternatives in reducing GHG emissions) and (iv) reputational risks (e.g., risks tied to changing investor, customer or community perceptions of an asset s relative contribution to GHG emissions). Oaktree cannot rule out the possibility that climate risks, including changes in weather and climate patterns, could result in unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of investment activities or the effective management of real estate and similar assets once undertaken, any of which could have a material adverse effect on an investment, or us. 
 
 We may invest in derivative instruments from time to time, which present various risks, including market, counterparty, operational and liquidity risks. 
 
 Our use of derivatives will largely be limited to hedging certain foreign currency exposures in order to manage risk and return trade-offs, and we may also engage in interest rate hedging or other hedging strategies. While these transactions may 
 41 

reduce certain risks, the transactions themselves entail certain other risks, including counterparty credit risk. Hedging against a decline in the value of a portfolio position does not eliminate fluctuations in the values of portfolio positions or prevent losses if the values of those positions decline, but instead establishes other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thus offsetting the decline in the portfolio positions value. These types of hedging transactions also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of the portfolio position increases. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against currency exchange rate, interest rate or public security price fluctuations at a price sufficient to provide protection from the decline in the value of the portfolio position. 
 
 While not anticipated to be a meaningful aspect of our investment strategy, we may also invest in over-the-counter OTC derivative instruments from time to time. Although we expect to invest in OTC contracts on a bilateral basis with banks or other dealers, we may invest in certain derivatives that are traded on swap execution facilities, security-based swap execution facilities or other similar multi-lateral trading platforms. Certain of such derivatives may be cleared through central counterparties CCPs ). 
 
 Investing in derivative instruments, particularly OTC derivatives, presents various risks, including market, counterparty, operational and liquidity risks. The prices of derivative instruments, including swaps, forwards and options, may be highly volatile. The value of derivatives also depends upon the price of the underlying security or other asset or index. Typically, investing in a derivative instrument requires the deposit or payment of an initial amount much smaller than the notional or exposure amount from such derivative instrument. Therefore, if the relevant cash market moves against the Company, we will suffer a larger loss than it would have by directly investing in the underlying security or other asset or index. As discussed below, OTC derivatives are also subject to the default and credit risk of the counterparty if they are not cleared through CCPs, while centrally cleared derivatives are subject to the credit risk of the CCP and the relevant futures commission merchant or other clearing broker. In addition, significant disparities may exist between bid and ask prices for derivative instruments that are traded over-the-counter and not on an exchange. While such OTC derivatives are subject to increased regulation under the Dodd-Frank Act, the investor protections and other regulations applicable to such OTC derivatives differ from those applicable to futures and other exchange-traded instruments, as discussed below. In addition, compared with such exchange-traded instruments, the market for OTC derivatives is less liquid. Although OTC derivative instruments are designed to be tailored to meet particular financing and other needs and, therefore, typically provide more flexibility than exchange-traded products, the risk of illiquidity is also greater as these instruments can generally be closed out only by negotiation with the counterparty. In volatile markets, we may not be able to close out a position without incurring a significant amount of loss. 
 
 We may also enter into certain other types of swaps, including total return swaps, rate of return swaps, credit default swaps (including index-related credit default swaps), interest rate swaps and credit-linked securities. OTC credit default swaps are bilateral agreements between two parties that transfer a defined credit risk from one party to another. 
 
 Swaps transactions, like other financial transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily depend upon the terms of the transaction and our circumstances. In general, however, all swaps transactions involve some combination of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Highly customized swaps transactions in particular may increase liquidity risk. Highly leveraged transactions may experience substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related market factor. In evaluating the risks and contractual obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore, it may not be possible for us to modify, terminate or offset our obligations under a swap or our exposure to the risks associated with a swap prior to its scheduled termination date. 
 
 Rule 18f-4 under the Investment Company Act addresses the ability of a BDC to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations (except reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions). Under the rule, BDCs that use derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program, testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These new requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under the rules. We believe we qualify as a limited derivative user under the rule. Under the rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Collectively, these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. 
 
 Investments in options and warrants present risk of loss, including as a result of price movements of underlying securities. 
 
 The successful use of options and warrants depends principally on the price movements of the underlying securities. In addition, when we purchase an option or warrant, we run the risk that we will lose our entire investment in a relatively short 
 42 

period of time if the option or warrant turns out to be worthless at the time of its exercise. If the price of the underlying security does not rise (in the case of a call) or fall (in the case of a put) to an extent sufficient to cover the option premium and transaction costs, we will lose part or all of our investment in the option. There is no assurance that we will be able to effect closing transactions at any particular time or at any acceptable price. In the event of the bankruptcy of a broker through which we engage in transactions in options or warrants, we could experience delays or losses in liquidating open positions purchased or sold through the broker. 
 
 We will bear certain risks associated with any bridge financing we provide to portfolio companies. 
 
 We may provide bridge financing to a portfolio company in order to facilitate an investment we organize. Such bridge financings would typically be convertible into more permanent, long-term positions. We will bear the risk of any changes in capital markets, which may adversely affect the ability to refinance any bridge investments. For reasons not always in our or the Adviser s control, such refinancings may not occur and such bridge financings may remain outstanding. In such event, the failure to refinance could lead to increased risk and cost to the Company. 
 
 Securities purchased or sold on a when-issued, when, as and if issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis could increase the volatility of our NAV. 
 
 Securities purchased or sold by the Company on a when-issued, when, as and if issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis are subject to market fluctuation, and no interest or dividends accrue to the purchaser prior to the settlement date. At the time of delivery of the securities, the value may be more or less than the purchase or sale price. In the case of when, as and if issued securities, the Company could lose an investment opportunity if the securities are not issued. An increase in the percentage of our assets committed to the purchase of securities on a when issued, when, as and if issued, delayed delivery or forward commitment basis may increase the volatility of our NAV. 
 
 We invest in significant amounts of loans or other debt instruments, including debt-like instruments such as preferred equity, and bank loans and participations, which pose unique risks. 
 
 Our investment program includes investments in significant amounts of loans or other debt instruments, including debt-like instruments such as preferred equity, a significant amount of bank loans and participations, as well as other direct lending transactions. These obligations are subject to unique risks, including (a) the possible invalidation of an investment transaction as a fraudulent conveyance under relevant creditors rights laws, (b) so-called lender-liability claims by the issuer of the obligations, (c) environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations and (d) limitations on our ability to enforce directly our rights with respect to participations. In analyzing each loan or other debt instrument, we compare the relative significance of the risks against the expected benefits of the investment. Successful claims by third parties arising from these and other risks, absent certain conduct by the Adviser, Oaktree, their respective affiliates and certain other individuals, will be borne by the Company. In addition, the settlement process for the purchase of bank loans can take significantly longer than the timeframes established by the Loan Syndications Trading Association and comparable non-U.S. bodies. The longer a trade is outstanding between the counterparties, the greater the risk of additional operational and settlement issues and the potential for our counterparty to fail to perform. In addition, our investment program may include investments in second lien loans. The nature of second lien loans will entail risks related to priority with respect to collateral, including (a) the subordination of our claims to a senior lien in terms of the coverage and recovery of the collateral and (b) the prohibition of, or limitation on, the right to foreclose on a second lien or exercise other rights as a second lien holder. In certain cases, therefore, no recovery may be available from a defaulted second lien loan. 
 
 If we purchase a participation, we will not have established any direct contractual relationship with the borrower. We will be required to rely on the lender or the participant that sold the participation, not only for the enforcement of our rights against the borrower, but also for the receipt and processing of payments due to us under the participation. We will therefore be subject to the credit risk of both the borrower and the selling lender or participant. Because it may be necessary to assert through the selling lender or participant such rights as may exist against the borrower, in the event the borrower fails to pay principal and interest when due, such assertion of rights against the borrower may be subject to delays, expenses and risks that are greater than those that would be involved if we could enforce our rights against the borrower directly. 
 
 Loans or other debt instruments we make or acquire may become non-performing following their acquisition for a wide variety of reasons. Such non-performing loans or debt instruments may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial write-down of principal. It is possible that we may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing one or more loans we have purchased. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. 
 
 See We invest in bank loans, which have associated risks that are different from those of other debt instruments for additional risks associated with investing in bank loans. 
 43 

Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 
 The characterization of an investment as senior debt or senior secured debt does not mean that such debt will necessarily have repayment priority with respect to all other obligations of an issuer. Issuers may have, and/or may be permitted to incur, other debt and liabilities that rank equally with or senior to the senior loans in which we invest. If other indebtedness is incurred that ranks in parity in right of payment or proceeds of collateral with respect to senior loans in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors in the event of a liquidation, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or bankruptcy of such an issuer. Where we hold a first lien to secure senior indebtedness, the issuers may be permitted to issue other senior loans with liens that rank junior to the first liens granted to us. The intercreditor rights of the holders of such other junior lien debt may, in any liquidation, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or bankruptcy of such an issuer, affect the recovery that we would have been able to achieve in the absence of such other debt. 
 
 Even where the senior loans we hold are secured by a perfected lien over a substantial portion of the assets of an issuer and its subsidiaries, the issuer and its subsidiaries will often be able to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, which may have an exclusive lien over particular assets. For example, debt and other liabilities incurred by non-guarantor subsidiaries of issuers will be structurally senior to the debt we hold. Accordingly, any such debt and other liabilities of such subsidiaries would, in the event of liquidation, dissolution, insolvency, reorganization or bankruptcy of such subsidiary, be repaid in full before any distributions to an obligor of the loans we hold. Furthermore, these other assets over which other lenders have a lien may be substantially more liquid or valuable than the assets over which we have a lien. We may also invest in second-lien secured debt, which compounds the risks described in this paragraph. 
 
 We may invest in secured or unsecured loans and are subject to risk of loss upon a borrower default. 
 
 In the event of a default by a borrower, we might not receive payments to which we are entitled and thereby could experience a decline in the value of our investments in the borrower. If we invest in debt that is not secured by collateral, in the event of such default, we will have only an unsecured claim against the borrower. In the case of second lien loans that are secured by collateral, while the Adviser generally expects the value of the collateral to be greater than the value of such secured second lien loans, the value of the collateral may actually be equal to or less than the value of such second lien loans or may decline below the outstanding amount of such second lien loans subsequent to our investment. Our ability to have access to the collateral may be limited by bankruptcy and other insolvency laws. Under certain circumstances, the collateral may be released with the consent of the lenders or pursuant to the terms of the underlying loan agreement with the borrower. There is no assurance that the liquidation of the collateral securing a loan would occur in a timely fashion or would satisfy the borrower s obligation in the event of nonpayment of scheduled interest or principal, or that the collateral could be readily liquidated. As a result, we might not receive full payment on a secured loan investment to which we are entitled and thereby may experience a decline in the value of, or a loss on, the investment. 
 
 We invest in companies that are highly leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies will be in below investment grade securities, which are viewed as having predominately speculative characteristics. 
 
 We invest in companies that are highly leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies are not rated by any rating agency. If such investments were rated, the Adviser believes that they would likely receive a rating from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization of below investment grade (i.e., below BBB- or Baa), which is often referred to as high yield and junk. Exposure to below investment grade securities involves certain risks, and those securities are viewed as having predominately speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Securities in the lower-rated categories and comparable non-rated securities are subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated and comparable non-rated securities and are generally considered to be predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Such issuers typically are highly leveraged, with significant burdens on cash flow and, therefore, involve a high degree of financial risk. During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. Because investors generally perceive that there are greater risks associated with the lower-rated and comparable non-rated securities, the yields and prices of such securities may be more volatile than those for higher-rated and comparable non-rated securities. The market for lower-rated and comparable non-rated securities is thinner, often less liquid and less active than that for higher-rated or comparable non-rated securities, and the market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt movements. The spread between bid and asked prices for such securities may be greater than normally expected. Such factors can adversely affect the prices at which these securities can be sold and may even make it difficult to sell such securities. 
 
 Investment in the securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause issuers to become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Non-performance or defaults by our portfolio companies would harm our operating results. 
 44 

Our investment program is comprised of investments in loans or other debt instruments, focused on direct lending transactions. These obligations are subject to unique risks, including (a) the possible invalidation of investment transactions as fraudulent conveyances or preferential payments under relevant creditors rights and bankruptcy laws or the subordination of claims under so-called equitable subordination common law principles, (b) so-called lender-liability claims by the issuer of the obligations and (c) environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations. In analyzing each loan or other debt instrument, we will compare the relative significance of the risks against the expected benefits of the investment. Successful claims by third parties arising from these and other risks, absent certain conduct by the Adviser, its affiliates and certain other individuals, will be borne by us. 
 
 Loans or other debt instruments made or otherwise acquired by us may become non-performing following their origination or acquisition for a wide variety of reasons. Such non-performing loans or debt instruments may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial write-down of principal. It is possible that we may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing one or more loans purchased by us. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. Borrowers often resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against the holder of a real estate loan, including lender liability claims and defenses, even when such assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action. In some states, foreclosure actions can take up to several years or more to conclude. At any time during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. Foreclosure litigation tends to create a negative public image of the collateral property and may result in disrupting ongoing leasing and management of the property. 
 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, we may write-down the value of a portfolio company investment upon the worsening of the financial condition of the portfolio company or in anticipation of a default, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may invest in event-driven special situations. 
 
 We may invest in companies that become involved in (or the target of) acquisition attempts or tender offers or in companies involved in or undergoing spin-offs or reorganizations, or that become the subject of work-outs, liquidations or bankruptcies or other catalytic changes or similar transactions. In any investment opportunity involving any such type of special situation, there exists the risk that the contemplated transaction either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the Company of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. Similarly, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, we may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies in which we may be invested, there is a potential risk of loss of our entire investment in such companies. 
 
 We invest in lower-rated loans and debt instruments, which are subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated loans and debt instruments. 
 
 Because we invest in loans and other debt instruments that are rated below investment grade by the various credit rating agencies, or trade at a yield similar to non-investment grade debt (and in comparable non-rated loans), the Adviser must take into account the special nature of such loans and debt instruments and certain special considerations in assessing the risks associated with such investments. Loans and debt instruments rated in the lower rating categories are subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated loans and debt instruments and are generally considered to be predominantly speculative with respect to the borrower s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They are also considered to be subject to greater risk than investment grade rated debt instruments in the case of deterioration of general economic conditions. Because investors perceive that there are greater risks associated with such loans and debt instruments, the yields and prices of such loans and debt instruments may be more volatile than those for higher-rated loans and debt instruments. The market for lower-rated loans and debt instruments is thinner, often less liquid and less active than that for higher-rated loans and debt instruments, which can adversely affect the prices at which such loans and debt instruments can be sold and may even make it impractical to sell such loans or debt instruments. It should be recognized that an economic downturn is likely to have a negative effect on the debt market and on the value of the loans and debt instruments held by the Company as well as on the ability of the borrowers of such debt, especially highly leveraged borrowers, to service principal and interest payment 
 45 

obligations to meet their projected business goals or to obtain additional financing. If a borrower of a loan owned by the Company defaults on such loan, we may incur additional expenses to seek recovery, and the possibility of any recovery may be subject to the expense and uncertainty of insolvency proceedings. 
 
 We invest in bank loans, which have associated risks that are different from those of other debt instruments. 
 
 Our investment program includes investments in significant amounts of bank loans. Bank loans may not be deemed to be securities for purposes of the federal securities laws and therefore may not have the protections afforded by the federal securities laws, including anti-fraud protections. In addition, bank loans have a longer settlement period as compared to other debt instruments. When compared to the purchase of high yield bonds, which typically settle within three business days after the initial trade date, the settlement process for the purchase of bank loans can take several days and, in certain instances, several weeks longer than a bond trade. The longer a trade is outstanding between the counterparties may increase the risk of additional operational and settlement issues and the potential for our counterparty to fail to perform. 
 
 Borrowers may elect to repay the principal on an obligation earlier than expected. 
 
 Our investments will typically permit the borrowers to voluntarily prepay directly originated senior secured loans and other debt investments at any time, either with no or a nominal prepayment premium. Borrowers may elect to repay the principal on an obligation earlier than expected. This may happen, including when there is a decline in interest rates, or when an issuer s improved credit or operating or financial performance allows the refinancing of certain classes of debt with lower cost debt. Assuming an improvement in a borrower s or the credit market conditions, early repayments of the debt held by the Company could increase. Generally, our investments are not expected to include a significant premium payable upon the repayment of such senior debt. 
 
 We may engage in short sale transactions. 
 
 We may engage in short sale transactions for hedging purposes. Short sales can, in certain circumstances, substantially increase the impact of adverse price movements on our portfolio. A short sale of a security involves the risk of a theoretically unlimited loss from a theoretically unlimited increase in the market price of the security that could result in an inability to cover the short position. In addition, there can be no assurance that securities necessary to cover a short position will be available for purchase. 
 
 Our investment portfolios may be subject to high turnover rates, which will increase commission and transaction costs. 
 
 The different strategies we use may require frequent trading and a high portfolio turnover. The more frequently we trade, the higher the commission and transaction costs and certain other expenses involved in our operations. We will bear these costs regardless of the profitability of our investment and trading activities. In addition, a high portfolio turnover may increase the recognition of short-term, rather than long-term, capital gains. 
 
 Both our portfolio companies and the Company may be leveraged. 
 
 Our investments include companies whose capital structures may have significant leverage. Such investments are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues and to increases in expenses and interest rates. The leveraged capital structure of such investments will increase the exposure of the portfolio companies to adverse economic factors, such as downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of the portfolio company or its industry. Additionally, the securities we acquire may be the most junior in what will typically be a complex capital structure, and, thus, subject to the greatest risk of loss. 
 
 Furthermore, we engage in investment activities that involve the use of leverage. The cumulative effect of the use of leverage by the Company in a market that moves adversely to our investments could result in a loss to the Company that would be greater than if leverage had not been used, including loss of the entire investment and also the possibility of loss exceeding the original amount of a particular investment. To the extent that we engage in any leveraging, we will be subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including those relating to the ability to refinance and the insufficiency of cash flow to meet principal and interest payments, which could significantly reduce or even eliminate the value of our investment. Leveraging the capital structure will mean that third parties, such as banks, may be entitled to the cash flow generated by such investments prior to the Company receiving a return. Also, if one of our assets is mortgaged or otherwise used as collateral to secure repayment of indebtedness and such payments are not made, the asset could be foreclosed upon by the lender or otherwise transferred to the lender. 
 
 There are also financing costs associated with leverage, and each leveraged investment will involve interest rate risk to the extent that financing charges for such leveraged investment are based on a predetermined interest rate. Furthermore, to the 
 46 

extent that we draw capital from a credit facility to fund investments, the amount and timing of contributions and distributions to the shareholders may be affected in a manner that in some circumstances could be potentially adverse to the shareholders. 
 
 No assurance can be given that financing for our investments will be obtained on favorable or acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, once initial financing is obtained, no assurance can be given that such financing will subsequently be available throughout the life of any individual investment, or that replacement financing can be obtained as intended by the Adviser. If we are unable to obtain financing, this may have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective and the return on invested capital. 
 
 We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 
 Borrowings, also known as leverage, magnify the potential for loss on invested equity capital. We expect to continue to use leverage to partially finance our investments, through borrowings from banks and other lenders, which will increase the risks of investing in our Common Shares, including the likelihood of default. We borrow under the (i) senior secured revolving credit agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, among us, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, as amended by that certain subsequent incremental commitment and assumption agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022 and amendment no. 1, dated as of June 28, 2023 (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the ING Credit Agreement ), (ii) loan and security agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, as amended by amendment no. 1, dated as of July 5, 2023 (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the JPM Loan and Security Agreement ), (iii) loan and security agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the account bank, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral custodian, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and collateral agent, (iv) loan and servicing agreement, dated as of November 21, 2023, among OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as transferor and servicer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as securities intermediary, collateral custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative agent, (v) loan financing and servicing agreement, among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian, (vi) loan and servicing agreement, among OSCF Lending II SPV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, we, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent, (vii) 350 million aggregate principal amount of our 8.400 Notes due 2028, issued on November 14, 2023 (the 2028 Notes and (viii) 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.500 Notes due 2029, issued on July 23, 2024 (the 2029 Notes and together with the 2028 Notes, the Notes ), and may issue debt securities or enter into other types of borrowing arrangements in the future. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause NAV to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. To the extent we incur additional leverage, these effects would be further magnified, increasing the risk of investing in us. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to make Common Share distributions or scheduled debt payments. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and we only intend to use leverage if expected returns will exceed the cost of borrowing. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,095.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our credit facilities, 350.0 million of outstanding 2028 Notes and 400.0 million of outstanding 2029 Notes. These debt instruments require periodic payments of interest. The weighted average interest rate charged on our borrowings as of September 30, 2024 was 7.9 (exclusive of deferred financing costs and inclusive of the impact of an interest rate swap designated as a hedging instrument). We will need to generate sufficient cash flow to make these required interest payments. In order for us to cover our annual interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our September 30, 2024 total assets of at least 2.89 . If we are unable to meet the financial obligations under our current or future credit facilities, the lenders under the credit facilities will have a superior claim to our assets over our shareholders. 
 
 Illustration. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our Common Shares assuming various annual returns, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing below. 
 
 Assumed Return on Portfolio (Net of Expenses) 
 - 10 - 5 0 5 10 Corresponding net return to common shareholder 
 -20.50 -12.55 -4.60 3.35 11.30 
 
 47 

For purposes of this table, we have assumed 5,030.6 million in total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities), 1,845.0 million in debt outstanding under our credit facilities, 3,164.3 million in net assets as of September 30, 2024, and a weighted average interest rate of 7.9 as of September 30, 2024 (exclusive of deferred financing costs). Actual interest payments may be different. 
 
 We may default under our credit facilities. 
 
 In the event we default under a credit facility or other borrowings, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under such borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under such borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion. 
 
 A credit facility may be backed by all or a portion of our loans and securities on which the lenders will have a security interest. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, any security interests and/or negative covenants required by a credit facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under a credit facility were to decrease, we may be required to secure additional assets in an amount sufficient to cure any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under a credit facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make distributions. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under a credit facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business. 
 
 Leveraged portfolio companies may pose higher risk of default. 
 
 Leveraged companies, such as those in which we invest, may be more prone to bankruptcy or similar financial distress. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the securities that we will hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, we may write down the value of a portfolio company investment upon the worsening of the financial condition of the portfolio company or in anticipation of a default, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 As a result, we may need to modify the payment terms of our investments, including changes in PIK interest provisions and/or cash interest rates. The performances of leveraged companies have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may result in our receipt of a reduced level of interest income from such portfolio companies and/or losses or charge offs related to such investments, and, in turn, may adversely affect distributable income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 48 

Our success may depend, in part, on the ability of the Adviser to effectuate loan modifications or restructure and improve the operations of portfolio companies. The activity of identifying and implementing any such restructuring programs and operating improvements entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements. 
 
 We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements, which involve many of the same risks posed by our use of leverage. 
 
 We may enter into reverse repurchase agreements as part of our management of our temporary investment portfolio. Entry into any such reverse repurchase agreements would be subject to the Investment Company Act limitations on leverage. In connection with entry into a reverse repurchase agreement, we would effectively pledge our assets as collateral to secure a short-term loan. Generally, the other party to the agreement would make a loan to us in an amount equal to a percentage of the fair value of the collateral pledged. At the maturity of the reverse repurchase agreement, we will be required to repay the loan and then receive back our collateral. While used as collateral, the assets continue to pay principal and interest, which are for the benefit of the Company. 
 
 Use of reverse repurchase agreements, if any, involves many of the same risks involved in our use of leverage. For example, the market value of the securities acquired in the reverse repurchase agreement may decline below the price of the securities that we have sold but we would remain obligated to purchase those securities. As such, we bear the risk of loss that the proceeds at settlement are less than the fair value of the securities pledged. In addition, the market value of the securities retained may decline. If a buyer of securities under a reverse repurchase agreement were to file for bankruptcy or experience insolvency, we would be adversely affected. In addition, due to the interest costs associated with reverse repurchase agreements, our NAV would decline, and, in some cases, we may be worse off than if it had not used such agreements. 
 
 We issue senior securities and/or incur indebtedness, and any amounts that we use to service our senior securities or indebtedness will reduce amounts distributable to holders of our Common Shares. 
 
 Consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, we issue senior securities and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions and may do so up to the maximum amount permitted by the Investment Company Act. In addition, we may seek to securitize certain of our loans. Under the provisions of the Investment Company Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities if it meets an asset coverage ratio, as calculated as provided in the Investment Company Act, of at least 150 immediately after each such issuance. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test, which may prohibit us from paying dividends and could prevent us from maintaining our status as a RIC or may prohibit us from repurchasing Common Shares. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Accordingly, any failure to satisfy this test could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness or senior securities would not be available for distributions to shareholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing indebtedness or senior securities, shareholders would also be exposed to typical risks associated with increased leverage, including an increased risk of loss resulting from increased indebtedness. 
 
 If we issue preferred shares, the preferred shares would rank senior to the Common Shares. Preferred shareholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than those of shareholders. The issuance of preferred shares could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for shareholders or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell Common Shares at a price below the then-current NAV per Common Share. We may, however, sell Common Shares, or warrants, options or rights to acquire Common Shares, at a price below the then-current NAV per Common Share if the Board of Trustees determines that such sale is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders, and the shareholders approve such sale. If we raise additional funds by issuing more Common Shares, including in connection with senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, Common Shares, then the percentage ownership of shareholders at that time will decrease, and holders of Common Shares might experience dilution with respect to their percentage ownership. 
 
 We may invest in distressed or bankrupt companies, and investing in companies involved in bankruptcy proceedings presents significant risks. 
 
 We may acquire the securities and other obligations of distressed or bankrupt companies. At times, distressed debt obligations may not produce income and may require us to bear certain extraordinary expenses (including legal, accounting, valuation and transaction expenses) in order to protect and recover our investment. Therefore, to the extent we invest in 
 49 

distressed debt, our ability to achieve current income for the shareholders may be diminished, particularly where the portfolio company has negative EBITDA. 
 
 We also will be subject to significant uncertainty as to when and in what manner and for what value the distressed debt we invest in will eventually be satisfied whether through a liquidation, an exchange offer or plan of reorganization involving the distressed debt securities or a payment of some amount in satisfaction of the obligation. In addition, even if an exchange offer is made or plan of reorganization is adopted with respect to distressed debt we hold, there can be no assurance that the securities or other assets we receive in connection with such exchange offer or plan of reorganization will not have a lower value or income potential than may have been anticipated when the investment was made. 
 
 Moreover, any securities we receive upon completion of an exchange offer or plan of reorganization may be restricted as to resale. As a result of our participation in negotiations with respect to any exchange offer or plan of reorganization with respect to an issuer of distressed debt, we may be restricted from disposing of such securities. 
 
 We may make investments that could require substantial workout negotiations or restructuring in the event of a default or bankruptcy. There are a number of significant risks when investing in companies involved in bankruptcy proceedings, including the following: First, many events in a bankruptcy are the product of contested matters and adversary proceedings that are beyond the control of the creditors. Second, a bankruptcy filing may have adverse and permanent effects on a company. For instance, the company may lose its market position and key employees and otherwise become incapable of restoring itself as a viable entity. Further, if the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the liquidation value of the company may not equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. Third, the duration of a bankruptcy proceeding is difficult to predict. A creditor s return on investment can be impacted adversely by delays while the plan of reorganization is being negotiated, approved by the creditors and confirmed by the bankruptcy court, and until it ultimately becomes effective. Fourth, certain claims, such as claims for taxes, wages, employee and worker pensions and certain trade claims, may have priority by law over the claims of certain creditors. Fifth, the administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and will be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Sixth, creditors can lose their ranking and priority in a variety of circumstances, including if they exercise domination and control over a debtor, and other creditors can demonstrate that they have been harmed by such actions. Seventh, we may seek representation on creditors committees and as a member of a creditors committee, it may owe certain obligations generally to all creditors similarly situated that the committee represents, and it may be subject to various trading or confidentiality restrictions. If the Adviser concludes that our membership on a creditors committee entails obligations or restrictions that conflict with the duties it owes to shareholders, or that otherwise outweigh the advantages of such membership, we will not seek membership in, or will resign from, that committee. Because we will indemnify the Adviser or any other person serving on a committee on our behalf for claims arising from breaches of those obligations, indemnification payments could adversely affect the return on our investment in an asset or company undergoing reorganization. 
 
 There is a possibility that we may incur substantial or total losses on our investments and, in certain circumstances, subject us to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of our original investment. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to the Company and distributions to the shareholders may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, bankruptcy laws may delay our ability to realize on collateral for loan positions held by us, or may adversely affect the priority of such loans through doctrines such as equitable subordination or may result in a restructuring of the debt through principles such as the cramdown provisions of the bankruptcy laws. In addition, the bankruptcy laws and regimes of certain jurisdictions outside the United States may be untested, subject to manipulation or change and not provide a proven venue to resolve a company s bankruptcy estate. 
 
 Investments in real estate and mortgage-backed securities carry risks, including fluctuations in value and complications associated with events of default. 
 
 The value of real estate and real estate-related securities and other investments can fluctuate for various reasons. Real estate values can be seriously affected by interest rate fluctuations, bank liquidity, the availability of financing and by regulatory or governmentally imposed factors such as a zoning change, an increase in property taxes, the imposition of height or density limitations, the requirement that buildings be accessible to disabled persons, the requirement for environmental impact studies, the potential costs of remediation of environmental contamination or damage and the imposition of special fines to reduce traffic congestion or to provide for housing. Income from income-producing real estate may be adversely affected by general economic conditions, local conditions such as oversupply or reduction in demand for space in the area, competition from other available properties, and the owner provision of adequate maintenance and coverage by adequate insurance. Certain significant expenditures associated with real estate (such as mortgage payments (to the extent leveraged), real estate taxes and maintenance costs) have no relationship with, and, thus, do not diminish in proportion to, a reduction in income from the 
 50 

property. Reductions in value or cash flow could impair our ability to make distributions to shareholders, adversely impact our investment policy and reduce overall returns on investments. 
 
 If a borrower of a loan secured by real estate defaults on such loan, it is possible that the Adviser may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing such loan. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. Borrowers often resist foreclosure actions, which often prolongs and complicates an already difficult and time-consuming process. In some states or other jurisdictions, foreclosure actions can take up to several years or more to conclude. During the foreclosure proceedings, a borrower may have the ability to file for bankruptcy, potentially staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. Foreclosure litigation tends to create a negative public image of the collateral property and may result in disrupting ongoing leasing and management of the property. 
 
 We may also invest in mortgage-backed securities, including RMBS and CMBS. The collateral underlying CMBS generally consists of commercial mortgages or real property that has a multifamily or commercial use, such as retail space, office buildings, warehouse property and hotels. The commercial mortgages underlying CMBS generally have shorter maturities than residential mortgages, allow a substantial portion of the loan balance to be paid at maturity, commonly known as a balloon payment, and are usually non-recourse against the commercial borrower. The prospect of full repayment of the commercial mortgage loans underlying CMBS depends on the ability of the commercial borrower to generate current income from its commercial property, which is affected by a variety of factors, and to secure subsequent financing, which can be negatively impacted by a difficult credit environment. Given the non-recourse nature of the underlying commercial mortgage loan, the options for financial recovery are limited in nature if a commercial borrower defaults, and in certain instances, a negotiated settlement or an amendment to the terms of the commercial mortgage loan are the only options before an ultimate foreclosure on the commercial property. Foreclosure is costly and often protracted by litigation and bankruptcy restrictions. The ultimate disposition of a foreclosed property may also yield a price insufficient to cover the cost of the foreclosure process and the balance attached to the defaulted commercial mortgage loan. The overall level of commercial mortgage loan defaults remains significant and market values of the underlying commercial real estate remain distressed in many cases. It has also become increasingly difficult for lenders to dispose of foreclosed commercial real estate without incurring substantial investment losses, and ultimately leading to a decline in the value of CMBS. There can be no guarantee that our investments in CMBS will not be adversely affected by such risks. 
 
 We may have difficulty successfully pursuing claims in the courts of non-U.S. countries. 
 
 Because the effectiveness of the judicial systems in the countries in which we may invest varies, we (or any portfolio company) may have difficulty in foreclosing or successfully pursuing claims in the courts of such countries, as compared to the United States or other countries. Further, to the extent we or a portfolio company may obtain a judgment but is required to seek enforcement in the courts of one of the countries in which we invest, there can be no assurance that such courts will enforce such judgment. The laws of many nations often lack the sophistication and consistency found in the United States with respect to foreclosure, bankruptcy, corporate reorganization and creditors rights. 
 
 We are subject to risk of becoming involved in litigation by third parties as a result of our investment activities. 
 
 Our investment activities subject us to the risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. This risk is somewhat greater where we exercise control of, or significant influence in, a company s direction. In addition, in the course of providing managerial assistance to certain portfolio companies, certain of our or the Adviser s officers and directors may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. In connection therewith, we will be required to indemnify the Adviser and its affiliates, and each of their respective members, officers, directors, employees, shareholders, partners, managers, and certain other persons who serve at the request of the Adviser or its affiliates on our behalf for liabilities incurred in connection with our affairs. Such liabilities may be material and have an adverse effect on the returns to the shareholders. The expense of defending against claims by third parties and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, absent certain conduct by the Adviser, be payable from our assets. The Adviser may, but will not be required to, purchase insurance for the Company, the Adviser and their affiliates, employees, agents and representatives. Additionally, the Investment Advisory Agreement, to the extent permitted by law, will limit the circumstances under which the Adviser can be held liable to the Company and our shareholders. As a result, our shareholders may have a more limited right of action in certain cases than they would in the absence of this provision. 
 
 We may be subject to potential allegations of lender liability. 
 
 In recent years, a number of judicial decisions in the United States have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories (collectively termed lender liability ). Generally, lender liability is founded upon the premise that an institutional lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors. We may be subject to potential allegations of lender liability. In addition, courts 
 51 

have in some cases applied the doctrine of equitable subordination to subordinate the claim of a lending institution against a borrower to claims of other creditors of the borrower when the lending institution is found to have engaged in unfair, inequitable or fraudulent conduct. Such claims may be brought even if we acquired the loan on a secondary basis. 
 
 The exercise of control of, or significant influence over, a portfolio company may impose additional risks of liability. 
 
 In certain circumstances, including if we invest in a different part of the capital structure as Other Oaktree Funds, our holdings may be aggregated with those of such Other Oaktree Funds, which collectively may be deemed to give these funds and accounts controlling interests in or the ability to significantly influence a portfolio company. The exercise of control of, or significant influence over, a portfolio company may impose additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, failure to supervise management, violation of governmental regulations (including securities laws) or other types of liability in which the limited liability generally characteristic of business ownership may be ignored. In addition, a greater level of involvement by Oaktree in a portfolio company may subject the Company to a greater risk of litigation by third parties. If these liabilities were to arise, we might suffer a significant loss. We will be required to indemnify the Adviser and others in connection with such litigation, as well as other matters arising as a result of the management of the Company, subject to certain conditions. 
 
 We are subject to contingent liabilities on disposition of our investments. 
 
 In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such company typical of those made in connection with the sale of any business. We also may be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment with respect to certain matters, including the accuracy of such representations. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities for which the Adviser may establish reserves or escrows. 
 
 We may invest in subordinated loans. 
 
 Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payments of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to the Company. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 
 We may invest in loans that have limited amortization requirements. 
 
 We may invest directly in senior secured loans, including at initial issuance, which would typically have limited mandatory amortization and interim repayment requirements. A low level of amortization of any directly originated senior secured loans over the life of such senior secured loans may increase the risk that an issuer will not be able to repay or refinance the senior secured loans held by us when it comes due at its final stated maturity. 
 
 We may have a limited ability to protect our investment in portfolio companies as a result of making non-controlling investments. 
 
 We are not expected to make investments that result in control of, or significant influence over, a company. As a result, we may have a more limited ability to protect our investment in portfolio companies than if we held a controlling interest or position of significant influence. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with OID and PIK interest income. 
 
 Our investments may include original issue discount OID and contractual payment-in-kind PIK interest, which typically represents contractual interest added to a loan balance and due at the end of such loan s term. To the extent OID or PIK interest constitute a portion of our income, we are exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 
 
 OID and PIK instruments may have higher yields, which reflect the payment deferral and credit risk associated with these instruments; 
 
 52 

OID and PIK accruals may create uncertainty about the source of our distributions to shareholders; 
 
 OID and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of the collateral; and 
 
 OID and PIK instruments may represent a higher credit risk than coupon loans. 
 
 The illiquid nature of certain of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. 
 
 We may invest in companies whose securities are not publicly traded, and whose securities are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities. In fact, all of our assets may be invested in illiquid securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments and suffer losses. Our investments may be subject to contractual or legal restrictions on resale or may otherwise be illiquid because there is usually no established trading market for such investments. In addition, we may face restrictions on our ability to liquidate investments if the Adviser or any of its affiliates have material non-public information regarding the portfolio company. 
 
 We may utilize different investment techniques not described in this Annual Report. 
 
 We may employ investment techniques and invest in other instruments that the Adviser believes will help achieve our investment objective, whether or not such investment techniques or instruments are specifically described herein. Consistent with our investment objective, we may invest in financial instruments of any and all types, which exist now or are hereafter created. Such investments may entail risks not described herein, any of which may adversely affect us. 
 
 We may be subject to risks associated with currency exchange transactions. 
 
 The Adviser anticipates that a portion of our investments could be made in countries other than the United States and, consequently, we expect to make certain investments denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in the rates of exchange between the U.S. dollar and other currencies will have an effect, which could be adverse, on our performance, amounts available for distribution and the value of investments we distribute. Additionally, a particular non-U.S. country may impose exchange controls, devalue its currency or take other measures relating to its currency which could adversely affect the Company. Finally, we incur costs in connection with conversions between various currencies. 
 
 We are not obligated to hedge currency risks. Even if the Adviser does so, the Adviser may not be able to put a hedge in place on commercially reasonable terms given the credit terms offered by our counterparties or the volatility of the currency. There can be no guarantee that instruments suitable for hedging market shifts will be available at the time when we wish to use them, or that any hedge would reduce applicable risks. More specifically, if we hedge currency risk, it does not expect that the full risk of currency fluctuations can be eliminated due to the complexity of the investment characteristics of our investment portfolio and limitations in the non-U.S. currency market. We conduct our non-U.S. currency exchange transactions in anticipation of funding investment commitments or receiving proceeds upon dispositions. In addition, to hedge against adverse stock market shifts, we may purchase put and call options on stocks and write covered call options on stocks. 
 
 We may invest in collateralized loan obligations and other securitizations and structured products. 
 
 We may invest in CLOs and other securitizations, including RMBS and CMBS, which are generally limited recourse obligations of the issuer Securitization Vehicles payable solely from the underlying assets Securitization Assets of the issuer or proceeds thereof. Holders of equity or other securities issued by Securitization Vehicles must rely solely on distributions on the Securitization Assets or proceeds thereof for payment in respect thereof. Consequently, we will typically not have any direct rights against the issuer of, or the entity that sold, assets underlying the securitization. Securitization Assets may include, without limitation, broadly-syndicated leverage loans, middle-market bank loans, collateralized debt obligation (CDO) debt tranches, trust preferred securities, insurance surplus notes, asset backed securities, mortgages, real estate investment trusts (REITs), high-yield bonds, mezzanine debt, second-lien leverage loans, credit default swaps and emerging market debt and corporate bonds, which are subject to liquidity, market value, credit, interest rate, reinvestment and certain other risks. 
 
 Underlying Default Risks . To the extent underlying default rates with respect to Securitization Assets occur or otherwise increase, the performance of our investments in Securitization Vehicles will be adversely affected. The rate of defaults and losses on debt instruments will be affected by a number of factors, including global, regional and local economic conditions in the area where the borrower operates, the financial circumstances of the borrower as well as general market conditions. A decline in global markets (or any particular sub-market thereof) may result in higher delinquencies and/or defaults as borrowers 
 53 

will not be able to repay or refinance their outstanding debt obligations when due for a variety of reasons, which will adversely affect the performance of our investments in Securitization Vehicles. 
 
 In addition, investments in Securitization Vehicles may be subject to the risk of bankruptcy of the issuer of such assets or a claim that the pledging of collateral to secure any such asset constituted a fraudulent conveyance or preferential transfer that can be subordinated to the rights of other creditors of the issuer of such asset or nullified under applicable law. 
 
 Failure to Satisfy Certain Tests . The failure by a Securitization Vehicle to satisfy financial covenants, including with respect to adequate collateralization and/or interest coverage tests, could lead to a reduction in its payments to the Company. In the event that a Securitization Vehicle fails certain tests, holders of senior debt tranches may be entitled to additional payments that would, in turn, reduce the payments we would otherwise be entitled to receive. Separately, we may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting Securitization Vehicle. If any of these events occur, it could materially and adversely affect the return on our investments in such Securitization Vehicles. 
 
 Leveraged Credit Risk . Our investments in securitizations may also be subject to leverage risks. The leveraged nature of Securitization Vehicles, in particular, magnifies the adverse impact of Securitization Asset defaults. Because Securitization Vehicle investments represent a leveraged investment with respect to the underlying Securitization Assets, changes in the market value of Securitization Vehicle investments could be greater than the change in the market value of the underlying Securitization Assets, which are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. 
 
 Liquidity Risk . Certain debt tranches of Securitization Vehicles may be thinly traded or have a limited trading market and may have the effect of decreasing our liquidity to the extent that we, at a particular point in time, may be unable to find qualified buyers for, and may have difficulty valuing, these securities. 
 
 Prepayments and Re-Investment Risk . Our investments in Securitization Vehicles and the Securitization Assets that collateralize them may prepay more quickly than expected and have an impact on the value of our investments in such Securitization Vehicles. Early prepayments give rise to increased re-investment risk, as we or a Securitization Vehicle collateral manager might realize excess cash from prepayments earlier than expected. If we or a Securitization Vehicle collateral manager is unable to reinvest such cash in a new investment with an expected rate of return at least equal to that of the investment repaid, this may reduce net income and the fair value of that asset. 
 
 Investment in Junior Debt Tranches . We may invest in the equity or junior debt tranches of Securitization Vehicles. Such equity and junior debt tranches will be subordinated to other parties, including more senior debt tranches. The receipt of interest, principal and other distributions in respect of the equity or junior debt tranches of a Securitization Vehicle will be governed by an indenture, which will typically provide that such payments may not be made until obligations with respect to senior debt tranches have been met and/or certain financial tests are satisfied. The indenture may also provide for the deferment of payments to equity holders or junior noteholders without triggering an event of default under the indenture. If an event of default under the indenture were to occur, the senior noteholders may be entitled to determine the remedies to be exercised which may be adverse to the interests of the equity holders and/or junior noteholders, and the senior noteholders may not have any obligation to consider the possible adverse effect on the interests of equity holders or junior noteholders. To the extent that any losses are suffered in the underlying portfolio, such losses will be borne in the first instance by equity holders and junior noteholders. In such circumstances, senior notes will be entitled to repayment in full prior any payment is made in respect of the equity or junior notes. 
 
 Reliance on Collateral Managers . With the exception of investments in Oaktree-Managed CLOs (if any), Securitization Assets (including non-Oaktree-managed Securitization Vehicles) are typically actively managed by a third-party investment manager, and, as a result, the Securitization Assets will be traded, subject to rating agency and other constraints, by such investment manager. With respect to Securitization Vehicles, we expect to rely on Securitization Vehicle collateral managers to administer and review the portfolios of collateral they manage. The actions of the Securitization Vehicle collateral managers may significantly affect the performance of our investments in Securitization Vehicles. The ability of each CLO collateral manager to identify and report on issues affecting its securitization portfolio on a timely basis could also affect our returns, as we may not be provided with information on a timely basis in order to take appropriate measures to manage its risks. We also expect to rely on Securitization Vehicle collateral managers to act in the best interests of the Securitization Vehicle it manages. If any Securitization Vehicle collateral manager were to act in a manner that was not in the best interests of the Securitization Vehicles (i.e., gross negligence, with reckless disregard or in bad faith), this could adversely impact the overall performance of our investments in Securitization Vehicles. 
 
 For securitizations with corporate loans, the collateral manager s role in reinvestment of principal amortization in performing credits and with respect to loans that default, as well as its ability to actively manage the portfolio through trading, will have a significant impact on the value of the underlying collateral and the performance of its securitization. If the collateral 
 54 

manager reinvests proceeds into loans which then default, does not sell loans before such loans default close to the original purchase price or does not effectively contribute to a restructuring process to maximize value of the loan the securitization owns, the collateral manager could materially and adversely impact our investments in Securitization Vehicles. 
 
 Failure of Servicers to Effectively Service Loans . The failure of servicers to effectively service the loans underlying certain of our investments in Securitization Vehicles could materially and adversely affect the Company. Most securitizations of loans require a servicer to manage collections on each of the underlying loans. Both default frequency and default severity of loans may depend upon the quality of the servicer. If servicers are not vigilant in encouraging borrowers to make their monthly payments, the borrowers may be far less likely to make these payments, which could result in a higher frequency of default. If servicers take longer to liquidate non-performing assets, loss severities may tend to be higher than originally anticipated. The failure of servicers to effectively service the receivables underlying such assets could negatively impact the value of our investments in Securitization Vehicles and its performance. 
 
 Servicer quality is of prime importance in the default performance of certain personal loans. Servicers may go out of business, which would require a transfer of servicing to another servicer. Such transfers take time and loans may become delinquent because of confusion or lack of attention. Servicers may be required to advance interest on delinquent loans to the extent the servicer deems those advances recoverable. In the event the servicer does not advance, interest may be interrupted even on more senior securities. Servicers may also advance more than is in fact recoverable once a defaulted loan is disposed, causing losses to be greater than the outstanding principal balance of that loan. 
 
 Structured Products. We may invest in other structured products. These investments may include debt securities issued by a private investment fund that invests, on a leveraged basis, in bank loans, high-yield debt or other asset groups, as well as certificates issued by a structured investment vehicle that holds pools of CMBS or RMBS. Our investments in structured products will be subject to a number of risks, including risks related to the fact that the structured products will be leveraged. Utilization of leverage is a speculative investment technique and will generally magnify the opportunities for gain and risk of loss borne by an investor in the subordinated debt securities issued by a structured product. Many structured products contain covenants designed to protect the providers of debt financing to such structured products. A failure to satisfy those covenants could result in the untimely liquidation of the structured product and a complete loss of our investment therein. In addition, if the particular structured product is invested in a security in which we are also invested, this would tend to increase our overall exposure to the credit of the issuer of such securities, at least on an absolute, if not on a relative basis. The value of an investment in a structured product will depend on the investment performance of the assets in which the structured product invests and will, therefore, be subject to all of the risks associated with an investment in those assets. These risks include the possibility of a default by, or bankruptcy of, the issuers of such assets or a claim that the pledging of collateral to secure any such asset constituted a fraudulent conveyance or preferential transfer that can be subordinated to the rights of other creditors of the issuer of such asset or nullified under applicable law. 
 
 We may make investments in covenant-lite loans . 
 
 Although the loans in which we expect to invest will generally have financial maintenance covenants, which are used to proactively address materially adverse changes in a portfolio company s financial performance, we may invest to a lesser extent in covenant-lite loans. We use the term covenant-lite to refer generally to loans that do not have financial maintenance covenants. Generally, covenant-lite loans provide borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders because their covenants are incurrence-based, which means they are only tested and can only be breached following an affirmative action of the borrower, rather than by a deterioration in the borrower s financial condition or operating results. Accordingly, to the extent we invest in covenant-lite loans, we may have fewer rights against a borrower and may have a greater risk of loss on such investments as compared to investments in or exposure to loans with financial maintenance covenants. 
 
 Our investments in non-U.S. companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 
 
 Our investment strategy contemplates potential investments in securities of non-U.S. companies to the extent permissible under the Investment Company Act. Investing in non-U.S. companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of non-U.S. taxes (potentially at confiscatory levels), less liquid markets, less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. 
 
 Although most of our investments are denominated in U.S. dollars, our investments that are denominated in a non-U.S. currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to the U.S. dollar. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of 
 55 

similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. 
 
 We may invest in transactions on an expedited basis. 
 
 Investment analyses and decisions by Oaktree may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to Oaktree at the time of making an investment decision may be limited, and Oaktree may not have access to detailed information regarding the underlying asset. Therefore, no assurance can be given that Oaktree will have knowledge of all circumstances that may adversely affect certain proposed investments. In addition, Oaktree expects to rely upon certain independent consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments. No assurance can be given as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by such independent consultants, and we may incur liability as a result of such consultants actions. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Company and the Common Shares 
 
 We are a relatively new company and have a limited operating history. 
 
 Although the Adviser utilizes experienced professionals who have successfully pursued an investment strategy substantially similar to ours, we are a relatively newly initiated enterprise with a limited operating history upon which to evaluate our likely performance. The past performance of any other businesses or companies that have or have had an investment objective which is similar to, or different from, our investment objective are not indicative of our future performance and provides no assurance of our future results. 
 
 We have a different investment portfolio from other businesses or companies. Accordingly, our results may differ from and are independent of the results obtained by such businesses or companies. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in obtaining suitable investments or that our investment objective will be achieved. There can be no assurance that any shareholder will receive any proceeds from the Company. We are subject to different investment limitations than certain of the Other Oaktree Funds and, accordingly, may have a materially different portfolio than such Other Oaktree Funds. In addition, the fees and expenses we pay may be different from, and may be higher than, those applicable to the Other Oaktree Funds. There can be no assurance that we will be able to (a) successfully identify, make and realize upon any particular investment or (b) achieve desired spreads and yields to maturity (or that such performance will be commensurate with the risks associated with an investment in the Company). Actual realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, pace of deployment, refinancings, whether such interests are held to maturity, value of the underlying assets, foreclosures, market conditions, legal and contractual restrictions, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the circumstances on which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly, an investment should only be considered by persons that can afford a loss of their entire investment. Shareholders must rely on the Company and the Adviser to implement investment policies, to evaluate all investment opportunities and to structure the terms of investments rather than evaluating investments in advance. 
 
 We are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of shareholders investments could decline substantially or that shareholders investments could become worthless. We anticipate, based on the amount of proceeds raised in our continuous public offering and any subsequent offerings that it could take some time to invest substantially all of the capital we expect to raise due to market conditions generally and the time necessary to identify, evaluate, structure, negotiate and close suitable investments. In order to comply with the RIC diversification requirements during the startup period, we may invest proceeds in temporary investments, such as cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the time of investment, which we expect will earn yields substantially lower than the interest, dividend or other income that we seek to receive in respect of suitable portfolio investments. We may not be able to pay any significant distributions during this period, and any such distributions may be substantially lower than the distributions it expects to pay when our portfolio is fully invested. We will pay the management fee to the Adviser throughout this interim period irrespective of performance. If the management fee and other expenses exceed the return on the temporary investments, our equity capital will be eroded. 
 
 An investment in the Company is not suitable for all investors. 
 
 An investment in the Company is not suitable for all investors. An investment is suitable only for sophisticated investors, and an investor must have the financial ability to understand and willingness to accept the extent of its exposure to the risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Company. Investors should consult their professional advisers to assist them in making their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investment in the Company in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. An investment in the Company requires a long-term commitment, and there 
 56 

can be no assurance that our investment objective will be achieved or that there will be any return of capital. Therefore, investors should only invest in the Company if they can withstand a total loss of their investment. 
 
 Our investment portfolio may not be diversified across companies, industries, types of securities or geographic regions. 
 
 Except to the extent required as a BDC or RIC (see Certain BDC Regulatory Considerations included in Part I, Item 1 in this Form 10-K), the Adviser is not under any other obligation to diversify our investments, whether by reference to the amount invested or the industries or geographical areas in which portfolio companies operate. The Adviser may allocate capital among investments as it determines in its sole discretion, subject to the goal of maximizing our returns, and shareholders will have no assurances with respect to the diversification or geographic concentration of the investment program. This lack of diversification will expose us to losses disproportionate to market declines in general if there are disproportionately greater adverse price movements in the particular investments, and our investment portfolio may be subject to more rapid changes in value than would be the case if we were required to maintain a wide diversification among companies, industries and types of securities. To the extent we hold investments concentrated in a particular issuer, security, asset class, industry or geographic region, we will be more susceptible than a more widely diversified investment partnership to the negative consequences of a single corporate, economic, political or regulatory event. Unfavorable performance by any number of investments could substantially adversely affect the aggregate returns realized by shareholders. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees has broad discretionary power with respect to our investment objective, policies and strategies. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees has the authority to modify or waive our current investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without shareholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current investment objective, operating policies and strategies would have on our business, NAV and operating results. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and cause shareholders to lose part or all of their investment. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without prior shareholder approval. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder vote, subject to certain exceptions, amend or otherwise supplement the Declaration of Trust by making an amendment, a Declaration of Trust supplemental thereto or an amended and restated Declaration of Trust, including without limitation to classify the Board of Trustees, to impose advance notice bylaw provisions for Trustee nominations or for shareholder proposals, to require super- majority approval of transactions with significant shareholders or other provisions that may be characterized as anti-takeover in nature. 
 
 The market for the Company s target investments is highly competitive. 
 
 Purchasers of the Common Shares will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Adviser and its affiliates in sourcing transactions and investing and managing our capital. 
 
 No assurance can be given that the Adviser will be able to identify and obtain a sufficient number of investment opportunities to invest the full amount of our capital, including any leverage, or that our investment objective will be achieved. Even if sufficient investment opportunities are identified, they may be allocated first to Other Oaktree Funds. See Risks Related to the Adviser and its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest. The activity of identifying and completing investments is highly competitive and involves a high degree of uncertainty and risk. We compete for investments with various other investors, such as other public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds, some of which may be our affiliates. Other funds may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may create competition for investment opportunities. Many competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, and may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships. Furthermore, many competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act and the Code impose on us. The competitive pressures could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 To the extent that we encounter competition for investments, returns to our shareholders may decrease, including as a result of higher pricing, foregoing opportunities or negotiating fewer transactional protections in order to remain competitive. Additionally, we may incur bid, due diligence, negotiating, consulting or other costs on investments that may not be successful. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, complete and exit investments which satisfy our investment objective, or realize upon their values, or that we will be able to invest fully our capital. 
 
 57 

We rely on portfolio company management teams to operate their businesses successfully. 
 
 We generally invest in healthy companies with proven operating management in place; however, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate successfully. Although the Adviser monitors the performance of each investment and may make recommendations, we rely upon management to operate the portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis and, if applicable, equity sponsors who control the boards of directors of the portfolio companies to select qualified management for such companies. In addition, certain of our investments may be in businesses with limited operating histories. 
 
 We bear costs associated with due diligence of our potential investments, and such due diligence may not identify all risks associated with investments we make. 
 
 Before we make an investment, the Adviser conducts such due diligence as it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to the investment. Due diligence may entail marketing studies, business plan development, evaluation of important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, and legal issues as well as background investigations of individuals. Outside professionals, consultants, legal advisors, accountants, investment banks and other third parties may be involved in the due diligence process to varying degrees depending on the type of investment. The involvement of such third parties may present a number of risks primarily relating to reduced control of the functions that are outsourced and may entail significant third-party expenses, which are generally borne by the Company. In addition, if the Adviser is unable to timely engage third-party providers, its ability to evaluate and acquire more complex assets could be adversely affected. Due diligence investigations with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating the investment opportunity. Moreover, there can be no assurance that attempts to identify risks associated with an investment will achieve their desired effect. Potential investors should regard an investment in the Company as being speculative and having a high degree of risk. 
 
 In the event of fraud, any material misrepresentation or omission or any professional negligence by any seller or originator of assets or such seller s or originator s representatives, or by any other party, we may suffer a material loss of capital and the value of our investments may be adversely impacted. We will rely upon the accuracy and completeness of representations made by various persons in the due diligence process and cannot guarantee such accuracy or completeness. 
 
 We bear costs and risks associated with the hiring of third-party service providers. 
 
 Certain of our and the Adviser s operations may interface with and/or depend on third-party service providers, and we or the Adviser may not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such third parties. We may suffer adverse consequences from actions, errors or failure to act by such third parties, and will have obligations, including indemnity obligations, and limited recourse against them. The costs, fees and expenses associated with the provision of such services by third-party service providers are generally borne by the Company instead of the Adviser, thereby increasing the expenses borne by the shareholders. 
 
 The Adviser may utilize financial projections to evaluate investments, and such projections are inherently uncertain and may be inaccurate. 
 
 We may rely upon projections developed by the Adviser or a third party concerning an investment s future performance and cash flow, including when deciding that the possibility of actual adversity in connection with an investment in a different part of the capital structure of the portfolio company is remote. Projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and factors beyond the control of the Adviser and the portfolio company. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. Different assumptions may produce different results. The inaccuracy of certain assumptions, the failure to satisfy certain financial requirements and the occurrence of other unforeseen events could impair the ability of a portfolio company to realize projected values and cash flow and could trigger the need for us to remain passive in the event of a restructuring. In addition, prospective investors should note that projected performance is not indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that the projected results or expected returns will be achieved or that we will be able to effectively implement our investment objective. 
 
 In addition, the Adviser may determine the suitability of investments based in part on the basis of financial projections for portfolio issuers. Events or conditions, including changes in general market conditions, which may not have been anticipated or which are otherwise not foreseeable, may occur and have a significant impact on the actual rate of return received with respect to our investments. 
 
 Our success depends in part on the Adviser s ability to effect operating improvements at portfolio companies. 
 
 In some cases, the success of our investment strategy depends, in part, on the ability of the Adviser to provide institutional management experience and financial insights to portfolio company management, and to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a portfolio company. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs 
 58 

(and operating improvements at portfolio companies) entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements or that such insights and experience will be utilized and implemented by portfolio companies and, even if implemented, that they will result in operating improvements. 
 
 Our inability to deploy capital quickly to capitalize on potential investment opportunities could adversely affect the overall returns of the Company. 
 
 In light of the need to be able to deploy capital quickly to capitalize on potential investment opportunities or to establish reserves for anticipated debts, liabilities or obligations, including liquidity needs, we may hold cash in money market investments pending deployment into other investments, the amount of which may at times be significant. While the duration of any such holding period is expected to be relatively short, in the event we are unable to find suitable investments, such money market investments may be held for longer periods, which would dilute overall investment returns. It is not anticipated that the temporary investment of such cash into money market investments will generate significant interest, and shareholders should understand that such low interest payments on the temporarily invested cash may adversely affect the overall returns of the Company. 
 
 Our ability to make follow-on investments may substantially impact the success of our investments. 
 
 We may be called upon to provide follow-on funding for our investments or have the opportunity to increase our investment in such investments. There can be no assurance that we will wish to make follow-on investments or that we will have sufficient funds to do so. Any decision not to make follow-on investments or our inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on an investment in need of such an investment or may diminish our ability to influence such investment s future development. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to predict accurately how much capital may need to be reserved for participation in follow-on investments. If more capital is reserved than is necessary, then we may receive a lower allocation of other investment opportunities. If less capital is reserved than is necessary, then we may not be able to fully protect or enhance its existing investment. If we do not have sufficient capital to participate in all (or a portion) of a follow-on investment opportunity, an Other Oaktree Fund may participate in such follow-on opportunity in lieu of or alongside the Company in accordance with the Investment Allocation Considerations described in Part I, Item 1, of this Form 10-K under Allocation of Investment Opportunities. 
 
 An investment in our Common Shares has limited liquidity. 
 
 Our Common Shares constitute illiquid investments for which there is not, and will likely not be, a secondary market at any time prior to a public offering and listing of our Common Shares on a national securities exchange. There can be no guarantee that we will conduct a public offering and list our shares on a national securities exchange. An investment in the Company is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in such investment. Except in limited circumstances for legal or regulatory purposes, shareholders are not entitled to redeem their shares. Shareholders must be prepared to bear the economic risk of an investment in our Common Shares for an extended period of time. 
 
 We may not pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 We pay, and intend to continue to pay, distributions to shareholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure shareholders that we will achieve investment results that will allow the Company to sustain a specified level of cash distributions or periodic increases in cash distributions. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC can limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as the Board of Trustees may deem relevant from time to time. There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay distributions to shareholders. 
 
 Although we have implemented a share repurchase program, we have discretion to not repurchase your shares and to amend or suspend the program. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time in its discretion. Shareholders may not be able to sell your shares at all in the event our Board of Trustees amends or suspends the share repurchase program, absent a liquidity event, and we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our declaration of trust or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. We will notify shareholders of such developments in our quarterly reports or other filings. If less than the full amount of Common Shares requested to be repurchased in any given repurchase offer are repurchased, funds will be allocated pro rata based on the total number of Common Shares being 
 59 

repurchased without regard to class. The share repurchase program has many limitations and should not be relied upon as a method to sell shares promptly or at a desired price. 
 
 The timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our shareholders. 
 
 In the event a shareholder chooses to participate in our share repurchase program, the shareholder will be required to provide us with notice of intent to participate prior to knowing what the NAV per share of the class of shares being repurchased will be on the repurchase date. Although a shareholder will have the ability to withdraw a repurchase request prior to the repurchase date, to the extent a shareholder seeks to sell shares to us as part of our periodic share repurchase program, the shareholder will be required to do so without knowledge of what the repurchase price of our shares will be on the repurchase date. 
 
 Shareholders may experience dilution. 
 
 Holders of our Common Shares will not have preemptive rights to any shares we issue in the future. Our declaration of trust allows us to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares. Our Board of Trustees may elect, without shareholder approval, to: (1) sell additional shares in our current or future public offerings; (2) issue Common Shares or interests in any of our subsidiaries in private offerings; (3) issue Common Shares upon the exercise of the options we may grant to our independent trustees or future employees; or (4) subject to applicable law, issue Common Shares in payment of an outstanding obligation to pay fees for services rendered to us. To the extent we issue additional Common Shares after an investor purchases Common Shares, that investor s percentage ownership interest in us will be diluted. Because of these and other reasons, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution in their percentage ownership of our shares or their interests in the underlying assets held by our subsidiaries. 
 
 All distributions declared in cash payable to shareholders that are participants in our distribution reinvestment plan will generally be automatically reinvested in our Common Shares. As a result, shareholders that do not participate in our distribution reinvestment plan may experience dilution over time. 
 
 We make co-investments with third parties. 
 
 We co-invest with third parties through funds, joint ventures or other entities. Such investments involve risks not present in investments where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that a co-venturer or partner of the Company may at any time have other business interests and investments other than the joint venture with the Company, or may have economic or business goals different from those of the Company. In addition, we may be liable for actions of our co-venturers or partners. Our ability to exercise control or significant influence over management in these cooperative efforts will depend upon the nature of the joint venture arrangement, and certain joint venture arrangements may pose risks of impasse if no single party controls the joint venture. In addition, such arrangements are likely to involve restrictions on the resale of our interest in the company. Even if the nature of the joint venture arrangement permits us acquire the assets of the joint venture from our co-venturers or partners, we may not have the resources to do so. 
 
 Investments in non-U.S. entities pose special risks and considerations. 
 
 We may invest in the securities or obligations of non-U.S. entities. Certain non-U.S. investments involve risks and special considerations not typically associated with U.S. investments. Such risks include (a) the risk of nationalization or expropriation of assets or confiscatory taxation, (b) social, economic and political uncertainty, including war, and revolution, (c) dependence on exports and the corresponding importance of international trade, (d) differences between U.S. and non-U.S. markets, including price fluctuations, market volatility, less liquidity and smaller capitalization of securities markets, (e) currency exchange rate fluctuations, (f) rates of inflation, (g) controls on, and changes in controls on, non-U.S. investment and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on our ability to exchange local currencies for U.S. dollars, (h) governmental involvement in and control over the economies, (i) governmental decisions to discontinue support of economic reform programs generally and impose centrally planned economies, (j) differences in auditing and financial reporting standards that may result in the unavailability of material information about issuers, (k) less extensive regulation of the securities markets, (l) longer settlement periods for securities transactions, (m) less developed corporate laws regarding fiduciary duties and the protection of investors, (n) less reliable judicial systems to enforce contracts and applicable law, (o) certain considerations regarding the maintenance of our portfolio securities and cash with non-U.S. sub-custodians and securities depositories, (p) the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes on income and gains recognized, or gross proceeds received, with respect to such non-U.S. investments, (q) restrictions and prohibitions on ownership of property by non-U.S. entities and changes in laws relating thereto, (r) additional transactional costs and administrative burdens as a result of local legal requirements and (s) crime, corruption, terrorism, political unrest and war. We may be adversely affected by the foregoing events, or by future adverse developments in global or regional economic conditions or in the financial or credit markets. 
 
 60 

There may be restrictions which limit or preclude our investments in non-U.S. entities, and we may face difficulty repatriating investment proceeds from non-U.S. investments. 
 
 Non-U.S. investment in the securities of issuers in certain nations is restricted or controlled to varying degrees. These restrictions or controls may at times limit or preclude non-U.S. investment in issuers in such nations and increase the costs and expenses of the Company. Certain countries may restrict investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests. Some countries require governmental approval for the repatriation of investment income, capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by non-U.S. investors. In addition, if there is a deterioration in a country s balance of payments or for other reasons, a country may impose temporary restrictions on, or altogether change its restrictions on, non-U.S. capital remittances abroad. In response to sovereign debt or currency crises, for example, certain governments have enacted legislation that imposes restrictions on the inflow and outflow of non-U.S. currency into and from such country. These restrictions may adversely affect our ability to source investments or to repatriate investment proceeds. Repatriation of capital was particularly a problem during the sovereign debt and currency crises of the 1990s and continues to be a problem today in certain countries. Even where capital controls do not prohibit remittances abroad, the repatriation of proceeds from investment dispositions may require the procurement of a substantial number of regulatory consents, certificates and approvals, including licenses for the Company and clearance certificates from tax or monetary authorities. Obtaining such approvals or licenses may be difficult, expensive and time consuming and may depend on political or other factors outside our control. Finally, repatriation of income from and investments in entities that are organized or domiciled in non-U.S. countries may be affected adversely by local withholding and other non-U.S. tax requirements. The foregoing requirements and restrictions may adversely affect our ability to source investments or to repatriate investment proceeds, and there can be no assurance that we will be permitted to repatriate capital or profits, if any, from the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it invests. 
 
 Deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting could prevent us from accurately and timely reporting our financial results. 
 
 We may identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, including significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. A significant deficiency is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of a company s financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 
 
 Failure to identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner or to remediate any deficiencies, or the identification of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future could prevent us from accurately and timely reporting our financial results. 
 
 The process of valuing our portfolio is subject to inherent uncertainties and judgments, which could impact how our NAV is calculated. 
 
 Valuations of our portfolio, which affect the amount of the management fee and incentive fee and our performance results, may involve uncertainties and judgmental determinations. Further, the methodology for the calculation of the management fee and incentive fee creates a potential conflict of interest for the Adviser in determining valuations. As a BDC, we are required to account for our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board of Trustees or its designee. Typically, there is not a public market for the securities of the privately held companies in which we invest. As a result, we value these securities quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board of Trustees or its designee. Our Board of Trustees has designated the Adviser as the valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. The fair value of such securities may change, potentially materially, between the date of the fair value determination and the release of the financial results for the corresponding period or the next date at which fair value is determined. 
 
 The process of valuing securities for which reliable market quotations are not available is based on inherent uncertainties, and the resulting values may differ from values that would have been determined had a ready market existed for such securities and may differ from the prices at which such securities may ultimately be sold. Further, third-party pricing information may at times not be available regarding certain of our securities, derivatives and other assets. Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s earnings and its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to comparable publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our or the Adviser s determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. In addition, any investments that include OID or 
 61 

PIK interest may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require ongoing judgments about the collectability of their deferred payments and the value of their underlying collateral. Due to these uncertainties, fair value determinations may cause the NAV on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that the Company ultimately realizes upon the sale of one or more investments. 
 
 A disruption in the secondary markets for our investments may limit the ability of the Adviser to obtain accurate market quotations for purposes of valuing our investments and calculating our NAV. In addition, material events occurring after the close of a principal market upon which a portion of the securities or other assets of the Company are traded may require the Adviser to make a determination of the effect of a material event on the value of the securities or other assets traded on the market for purposes of determining the fair value of our investments on a valuation date. If the valuation of our securities in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policy should prove to be incorrect, the fair value of our investments could be adversely affected. Absent bad faith or manifest error, valuation determinations in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policy will be conclusive and binding. Furthermore, these values will be used to determine our NAV. To the extent these investments are undervalued or overvalued, the Common Shares of existing shareholders or newly admitted shareholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Notes 
 
 The Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have currently incurred or may incur in the future. 
 
 The 2028 Notes and the 2029 Notes, which we refer to collectively as the Notes , are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries have currently incurred and may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,095.0 million of outstanding borrowings under our credit facilities, all of which is secured. 
 
 The Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. 
 
 The Notes are obligations exclusively of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the Notes and the Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. The assets of such subsidiaries are not directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes. 
 
 Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) and holders of preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims are effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish as financing vehicles or otherwise. As of September 30, 2024, our subsidiaries had 1,095.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities, all of which is structurally senior to the Notes. 
 
 In addition, our subsidiaries may incur substantia l additional indebtedness in the future, all of which would be structurally senior to the Notes. 
 
 The indentures under which the Notes are issued contains limited protection for holders of the Notes. 
 
 The indentures under which the Notes are issued offers limited protection to holders of the Notes. The terms of the indentures and the Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have a material adverse impact on investments in the Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: 
 issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to 
 62 

our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the Investment Company Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC; 
 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the Notes; 
 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 
 make investments; or 
 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 
 
 Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow or liquidity. 
 
 Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Notes may have important consequences for holders of the Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Notes. 
 
 Certain of our current debt instruments include more protections for their holders than the indenture and the Notes. In addition, other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels and prices of the Notes. 
 
 An active trading market for the Notes may not exist, which could limit your ability to sell the Notes or affect the market price of the Notes. 
 
 We cannot provide any assurances that an active trading market for the Notes will exist in the future or that holders will be able to sell their Notes. Even if an active trading market does exist, the Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, if any, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. To the extent an active trading market does not exist, the liquidity and trading price for the Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, holder of the Notes may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 
 If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Notes. 
 
 Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including our credit facilities and our Notes or other indebtedness to which we may be a party that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under our credit facilities or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders under our credit facilities or the required holders of our Notes or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we breach our covenants under our credit facilities, our Notes or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default and our lenders or debt holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, including the lenders under our credit facilities, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because our credit facilities and our Notes have, and any future credit facilities will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness thereunder or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. In the event holders of any debt securities we have outstanding exercise their rights to accelerate following a cross-default, those holders would be entitled to receive the principal amount of their investment, subject to any subordination arrangements that may be in place. We cannot assure you that we will 
 63 

have sufficient liquidity to be able to repay such amounts, in which case we would be in default under the accelerated debt and holders would have the ability to sue us to recover amounts then owing. 
 
 Risks Related to the Adviser and its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest 
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our Adviser s ability to support our investment process; if our Adviser were to lose key personnel or they were to resign, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 
 We depend on the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of the senior personnel of our Adviser. Our Adviser evaluates, negotiates, structures, executes, monitors and services our investments. Key personnel of our Adviser have departed in the past and current key personnel could depart at any time. Our Adviser s capabilities in structuring the investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the employment of Investment Professionals in adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. The departure of key personnel or of a significant number of the Investment Professionals or partners of our Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. Our Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise and manage new Investment Professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process and may not be able to find Investment Professionals in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 In addition, our Adviser may resign on 60 days notice. If we are unable to quickly find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms, our operations are likely to experience a disruption and our ability to achieve our investment objective and pay distributions would likely be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships, and the inability of the personnel associated with our Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We expect that personnel associated with our Adviser will maintain and develop their relationships with intermediaries, banks and other sources, and we will rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If these individuals fail to maintain their existing relationships or develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow or maintain our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the personnel associated with our Adviser have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, there is no assurance that such relationships will generate investment opportunities for us. The failure of the personnel associated with our Adviser to maintain existing relationships, grow new relationships, or for those relationships to generate investment opportunities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Adviser may be incentivized to make investments that are risky or speculative in order to enhance our performance. 
 
 The fact that the incentive fee is based on our performance may create an incentive for the Adviser to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of the incentive fee. The way in which the incentive fee is determined may encourage the Adviser to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase our likelihood of default, which would disfavor shareholders, and could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. 
 
 In addition, the portion of the incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income and payable to the Adviser will be computed and paid on income that may include interest income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as OID interest, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities and obligations. As a result, for any calendar quarter, the incentive fee attributable to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income that is paid to the Adviser may be calculated on the basis of an amount that is greater than the amount of net investment income actually received by the Company for such calendar quarter. This fee structure may be considered to involve a conflict of interest for the Adviser to the extent that it may encourage the Adviser to favor debt financings that provide for deferred interest, rather than current cash payments of interest. The Adviser may have an incentive for the Company to invest in deferred interest securities or obligations in circumstances where it would not have done so but for the opportunity to continue to earn the Investment Income incentive fee even when the issuers of the deferred interest securities or obligations would not be able to make actual cash payments on such securities and obligations. Moreover, certain of the types of investments within our investment objective, such as PIK toggle debt, may result in a PIK election, which may have the simultaneous effect of increasing the assets under management, thereby increasing the management fee and increasing investment income, thus increasing the incentive fee. 
 
 This risk could be increased because the Adviser is not obligated to reimburse the Company for any distributions of incentive fees previously received even if the Company subsequently incurs losses or never receives, in cash, the deferred 
 64 

income that was previously accrued. Thus, while the shareholders will share in both the risks and rewards of investing in such instruments, the Adviser will not share in such risks. 
 
 In the event that losses are allocated to the Company for a given annual period, the Adviser is not required to reduce the incentive fee credited for prior annual periods. Shareholders should also be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can generally be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for the hurdle rate to be met or exceeded and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fee payable to the Adviser with respect to the Investment Income incentive fee without a corresponding increase in performance relative to the market as a whole. 
 
 No index will be used as a comparative measure of investment performance as a basis for calculating the incentive fee. 
 
 We have and may in the future be required to pay the Adviser the incentive fee for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. 
 
 The Adviser will be entitled to the incentive fee for each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to a percentage of the excess of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for that quarter above a threshold return for that quarter. For these purposes, the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income excludes realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation that we may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such capital losses result in a net loss for the Company for that quarter. Thus, we have and may in the future be required to pay the Adviser the incentive fee for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. If we pay an incentive fee of 12.5 of realized capital gains (net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation), and thereafter experiences additional realized capital losses or unrealized capital depreciation, we will not be able to recover any portion of the incentive fee previously paid. 
 
 The Adviser may be incentivized to increase our NAV by purchasing assets with borrowed amounts. 
 
 The management fee is based on our NAV, including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. The Adviser may, therefore, be incentivized to increase such borrowing to increase the management fee. Under certain circumstances, the use of increased leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor shareholders. 
 
 There may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that the Adviser s senior management and investment team have to Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 Actual and potential conflicts between the Adviser and its affiliates, on one hand, and us and our portfolio companies, on the other hand, are expected to occur. Oaktree manages the Other Oaktree Funds, which present the possibility of overlapping investments, and thus may raise actual, or potential conflicts of interest. In particular, on the risk/reward spectrum, we sit between Oaktree s High Yield Bond Funds and Accounts and Senior Loan Funds and Accounts and the Distressed Debt Funds (each as defined in Potential Conflicts of Interest ). Many of the investments targeted by us may be appropriate for these Other Oaktree Funds but for the expected yield at the time of investment, so in retrospect or at different points in the market cycle, investments that were made by the Company may seem more appropriate for an Other Oaktree Fund, and vice versa. Shareholders will have no ability to challenge such allocation so long as it was made in good faith in accordance with the procedures discussed in Part 1, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under Allocation of Investment Opportunities . Such procedures give Oaktree broad authority to allocate investment opportunities, notwithstanding the potential conflicts of interest that may exist. For example, management fees, carried interest or incentive fees and liquidity provisions may differ significantly between the Company and the Other Oaktree Funds, creating an economic incentive for Oaktree to allocate investments that may be appropriate for a lower fee or more liquid strategy to a higher fee or less liquid strategy. 
 
 In addition, there are potential conflicts of interests between the interests of us and our shareholders, on the one hand, and the business interests of Oaktree, on the other hand. Potential conflicts of interests include, but are not limited to, the fact that Oaktree serves as our investment adviser. If any matter arises that Oaktree determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, Oaktree may take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent or reduce the conflict. 
 
 Our executive officers and trustees, and certain members of the Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as the Company, or of investment funds managed by the Adviser s affiliates. For example, the Adviser presently serves as the investment adviser to Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation OCSL ), a publicly traded BDC, and Oaktree Gardens OLP, LLC OLPG ), a private BDC. OCSL is a part of Oaktree s Strategic Credit and U.S. Private Debt strategies. OCSL and OLPG invest in debt and debt-like instruments similar to those we target for investment. Therefore, there may be certain investment opportunities that satisfy our investment criteria and that of OCSL and OLPG, as well as private investment funds and accounts advised or sub-advised by the Adviser or its affiliates. OCSL and OLPG each operate as distinct and separate entities, and any investment in the Common Shares will not be an investment in OCSL and OLPG. In addition, all of our executive officers serve in substantially similar capacities for OCSL 
 65 

and OLPG. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our best interests or the shareholders. For example, the personnel of the Adviser may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities. Oaktree has investment allocation guidelines that govern the allocation of investment opportunities among the investment funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by the Adviser and its affiliates. To the extent an investment opportunity is appropriate for the Company, OLPG or OCSL or any other investment fund or account managed or sub-advised by the Adviser or its affiliates, the Adviser will adhere to its investment allocation guidelines in order to determine a fair and equitable allocation. 
 
 In addition, in the event Oaktree forms one or more feeder vehicles to facilitate indirect investments in the Company by certain investors, there are potential conflicts of interest between the interests of any such feeder vehicles and investors therein, on the one hand, and the business interests of Oaktree, on the other hand. Potential conflicts of interest may include, but are not limited to, the fact that one or more Oaktree affiliates will be the general partner, manager or managing member of any such feeder vehicle. If any matter arises that Oaktree determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, Oaktree may take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent or reduce the conflict, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser s liability is limited and we are required to indemnify our Adviser against certain liabilities. This may lead our Adviser to act in a riskier manner in performing its duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would if it were acting for its own account, and creates a potential conflict of interest. 
 
 In addition, we may make investments in different parts of the capital structure of companies in which Other Oaktree Funds already hold an investment. Generally speaking, the Adviser expects that we will make such investments only when, at the time of investment, the Adviser believes that (a) such investment is in our best interests and (b)(i) the possibility of actual adversity between us, on the one hand, and the Other Oaktree Fund, on the other, is remote, (ii) either the potential investment by us or the investment of such Other Oaktree Fund is not large enough to control any actions taken by the collective holders of securities of such company or asset or (iii) in light of the particular circumstances, Oaktree determines in its discretion and in good faith that such investment is appropriate for the Company, notwithstanding the potential for conflict. If any conflict were to arise, however, the Adviser will be permitted to take certain actions that, in the absence of such conflict, it would not take, such as causing the Company to remain passive, investing in the same class of securities to align interests, divesting investments or taking other actions to reduce adversity, which may have the effect of benefiting certain Other Oaktree Funds, and not the Company. Given that we generally intend to invest higher in the capital structure, it is likely we will remain passive in the event of a conflict, meaning that we must rely on other investors holding the same types of securities or obligations to advocate on behalf of our class. The Adviser will have no obligation to advise these other holders of any potential claims they may have of which The Adviser may be aware or to consider their interests when advocating on behalf of the Other Oaktree Funds that hold investments in lower parts of the capital structure. 
 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes us with the facilities, including our principal executive office, and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. We pay the Administrator its allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including, without limitation a portion of the rent at market rates and the compensation of our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, their respective staffs and other non-Investment Professionals at Oaktree that perform duties for us. This arrangement creates conflicts of interest that our Board of Trustees must monitor. 
 
 Oaktree s existing relationships may influence any decision by the Adviser to undertake investments on our behalf. 
 
 Oaktree has long-term relationships with a significant number of companies and their respective senior management. Oaktree also has relationships with numerous investors, including institutional investors and their senior management. The existence and development of these relationships may influence whether or not the Adviser undertakes a particular investment on our behalf and, if so, the form and level of such investment. Similarly, the Adviser may take the existence and development of such relationships into consideration in its management of the Company and our investments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, there may, for example, be certain strategies involving the management or realization of particular investments that the Adviser will not employ on our behalf in light of these relationships. 
 
 Other services provided by broker-dealers and financing sources to Oaktree may influence the Adviser s selection of these service providers on behalf of the Company. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may exist with respect to the Adviser s selection of brokers, dealers and transaction agents and counterparties (collectively, Broker-Dealers and financing sources for the execution of transactions by the Company. When engaging the services of Broker-Dealers and financing sources, the Adviser may, subject to best execution, take into consideration a variety of factors, including, to the extent applicable, the ability to achieve prompt and reliable execution, competitive pricing, transaction costs, operational efficiency with which transactions are effected, access to deal flow and 
 66 

precedent transactions, and the financial stability and reputation of the particular Broker-Dealer, as well as other factors that the Adviser deems appropriate to consider under the circumstances. Broker-Dealers and financing sources may provide other services that are beneficial to the Adviser, Oaktree and their affiliates but that are not necessarily beneficial to the Company, including capital introductions, other marketing assistance, client and personnel referrals, consulting services and research-related services. These other services and items may influence the Adviser s selection of Broker-Dealers and financing sources. 
 
 Oaktree currently manages and will continue to raise additional investment vehicles that may have a substantially similar investment focus as the Company. 
 
 Within Oaktree s Direct Lending strategy, Oaktree currently manages and will continue to raise additional separately managed accounts, private commingled funds and private or public BDCs. Each of these BDCs, funds and accounts may have a substantially similar investment focus as the Company, although some may invest a larger percentage, as compared to the Company, of its total assets or total capital commitments, whichever is greater, in any one issuer or consolidated issuer group, some may not originate loans to U.S. borrowers, and some will not invest in any investment that is categorized as a Level III asset under GAAP at the time of acquisition. Oaktree may also form parallel funds alongside any of such funds and accounts and may raise other funds and accounts within the Direct Lending strategy in the future. All of such funds and accounts, whether now existing or subsequently created, are referred to herein collectively as the Related Direct Lending Funds. 
 
 The Adviser intends to allocate investment opportunities among the Company and the Related Direct Lending Funds in accordance with the procedures discussed in Part 1, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under Allocation of Investment Opportunities . However, the fee structures and other terms among the Company and the Related Direct Lending Funds are different, and the Adviser may, therefore, have an incentive to allocate certain opportunities to such funds and accounts for which Oaktree or the general partners of such funds or accounts will receive greater fees, which may result in more attractive but riskier or less liquid opportunities being weighted to a particular fund or account. 
 
 While Oaktree does not intend to accept more capital into its Direct Lending strategy than it believes it can prudently invest at the time, the Direct Lending strategy has expanded and is continuing to expand significantly, and the investment process may be burdened by the number of new funds and accounts within the strategy. We have to share the attention of the Investment Professionals with the Related Direct Lending Funds, which could result in the Investment Professionals focusing more on funds and accounts that have more investor capital or that require greater administrative attention. 
 
 We may not receive investment opportunities that are allocated to other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by the Adviser. 
 
 We and certain of our controlled affiliates are prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with upstream affiliates, or with the Adviser and its affiliates, without the prior approval of independent trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities is an upstream affiliate for purposes of the Investment Company Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than our securities) from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of independent trustees. The Investment Company Act also prohibits joint transactions with an upstream affiliate, or the Adviser or its affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of independent trustees. In addition, we and certain of our controlled affiliates are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to, or entering into joint transactions with, the Adviser and its affiliates, or any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or is otherwise deemed to control, be controlled by, or be under common control with the Company, absent the prior approval of the SEC through an exemptive order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance as described below). The analysis of whether a particular transaction constitutes a joint transaction requires a review of the relevant facts and circumstances then existing. 
 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For example, we are not generally permitted to invest in any portfolio company in which an Other Oaktree Fund or any of its downstream affiliates (other than us and our downstream affiliates) currently has an investment, or to make any co-investments with the Adviser or its affiliates, including any Other Oaktree Funds or any of its downstream affiliates (other than us and our downstream affiliates), without exemptive relief from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The Adviser has received the Exemptive Relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is the Adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser, as well as certain Oaktree proprietary accounts, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions thereof. On September 11, 2024, we, the Adviser and certain of its affiliates received a further modified exemptive order that allows us to participate in follow-on investments with private funds that are not already invested in the issuer. Each potential co-investment opportunity that falls under the terms of the Exemptive Relief and is appropriate for the Company and any affiliated fund or account, and that satisfies the then-current 
 67 

board-established criteria, will be offered to the Company and such other eligible funds and accounts. If there is a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated among the participants in accordance with their proposed order size, and if there is an insufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated pro rata based on the investment proposed by the applicable investment adviser to such participant, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each, which is reviewed and approved by an independent committee of legal, compliance and accounting professionals at the Adviser. 
 
 Although the Adviser will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, the Company and the shareholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated to other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, trustees and members of the Adviser. We might not participate in each individual opportunity but will, on an overall basis, be entitled to participate equitably with other entities managed by the Adviser and its affiliates. The Adviser seeks to treat all clients fairly and equitably over time such that none receives preferential treatment vis- -vis the others over time, in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duty to each of them; however, in some instances, especially in instances of limited liquidity, the factors may not result in pro rata allocations or may result in situations where certain funds or accounts receive allocations where others do not. 
 
 Brookfield will have the right to appoint a majority of Oaktree s board of directors, which could give rise to conflicts of interest or magnify existing conflicts of interest. 
 
 In 2019, Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG, an indirect controlling parent of Oaktree. After an initial period of up to seven years from the date of the transaction closing, Brookfield will have the right to appoint a majority of Oaktree s board of directors and assume control of Oaktree s business if it chooses to do so, which could give rise to conflicts of interest or magnify existing conflicts of interest. 
 
 The Adviser may offer other investors the opportunity to participate in investments side by side with the Company. 
 
 The Adviser may in its sole discretion offer strategic and other investors the opportunity to participate in one or more Company investments on a side-by-side basis, subject to the Investment Allocation Considerations described in Part 1, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under Allocation of Investment Opportunities . The terms of any such investment opportunity will be determined by the Adviser, including any management fee or incentive fee charged in connection therewith, and may vary with respect to any such investment opportunity. In addition, Oaktree and the investment team currently manage, and in the future are expected to manage additional assets for one or more advisory clients through a separate account or similar arrangement employing an investment strategy investing in parallel with, or similar to, our strategy. Such arrangements potentially will afford those clients different terms than us. Advisory clients that have been granted additional access to portfolio information or enhanced transparency may be able to make investment decisions based on information and at times not generally available to other investors, including shareholders. Any such investment decisions made by these advisory clients on the basis of such information, including any substantial withdrawals or redemptions, could adversely affect the market value of our portfolio and therefore our net asset value and net asset value per share. 
 
 Portfolio companies of Other Oaktree Funds may compete with our portfolio companies. 
 
 Portfolio companies of Other Oaktree Funds may engage in, or may in the future engage in, a broad range of business activities and may invest in, or transact with, companies whose operations may be substantially similar to and/or competitive with the portfolio companies in which we may invest. The performance and operation of such other businesses and investments could conflict with and adversely affect the performance and operation of our portfolio companies, and may adversely affect the prices and availability of business opportunities or transactions available to such portfolio companies and the Company. 
 
 In addition, the activities of portfolio companies of Other Oaktree Funds may have an effect on the existing investments of and/or investment opportunities available to the Company. For example, any such investment could result in antitrust complexities for the Company, or any such investment in a particular industry could limit our ability to pursue other opportunities within the same or related industries. Furthermore, the activities of such portfolio companies of Other Oaktree Funds may subject us and/or our portfolio companies and/or issuers to laws, rules and/or regulations of U.S., European and/or any other jurisdictions, in each case, that would not otherwise be applicable to us or our portfolio companies or issuers. Compliance with such laws, rules and regulations may place material burdens and/or limitations on, and may give rise to material costs borne by, us and/or our portfolio companies and/or issuers (including payment of back-taxes and penalties and compliance with additional reporting obligations), any or all of which may have a material adverse effect on our activities and operations. 
 
 Oaktree personnel will work on matters related to Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 The Adviser and its affiliates devote such time as they deem necessary to conduct the business affairs of the Company in an appropriate manner. However, Oaktree personnel work on matters related to Other Oaktree Funds and other Oaktree 
 68 

managed strategies, including providing transaction-related, legal, management and other services to Other Oaktree Funds and portfolio companies. Conflicts may arise in the allocation of personnel among us and such other funds and strategies. As a result, Oaktree personnel will work on other projects, and conflicts may therefore arise in the allocation of personnel among us and such other projects. For example, certain members of the Investment Team are contractually required to, and will, devote substantial portions of their business time to the management and operation of the Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 We may realize different investment returns than Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 We and Other Oaktree Funds have the potential to make investments at different times and/or on different terms or exit any of such investments at different times and/or on different terms compared to such investment made on behalf of us. In addition, we likely will not invest through the same investment vehicles, have the same access to credit or employ the same hedging or investment strategies as such Other Oaktree Funds. This likely will result in differences in prices, investment terms, leverage and associated costs between us and any Other Oaktree Funds. Therefore, we may realize different investment returns than such Other Oaktree Funds, with respect to any investment made alongside some or all of such entities. 
 
 Oaktree shall have sole discretion in determining what investments we will be offered to pursue. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will be offered the opportunity to invest in any particular investments or type of investments alongside any Other Oaktree Funds. The terms, conditions and the time of investment and disposition of investments held by us may be materially different from those of any such Other Oaktree Funds. 
 
 There may be trademark risk, as we do not own the Oaktree name. 
 
 We do not own the Oaktree name, but we are permitted to use it as part of our corporate name pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Use of the name by other parties or the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement may harm our business. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risk s 
 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to continue to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 
 To obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code, we must, among other things, meet annual distribution, income source and asset diversification requirements. If we do not continue to qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. 
 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as zero coupon securities, debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discount and include such amounts in our taxable income in the current year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expenses for tax purposes. 
 
 Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may not qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 
 69 

Some of our investments may be subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 
 We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. We may invest in certain foreign debt and equity investments which could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding and value added taxes). 
 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 
 The Company invests in debt securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for the Company. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when the Company may cease to accrue interest, original issue discount or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. These and other issues will be addressed by the Company, to the extent necessary, to preserve its status as a RIC and to distribute sufficient income to not become subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws governing RICs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. Any of those new laws, regulations or interpretations may take effect retroactively and could adversely affect the taxation of us or our shareholders. Therefore, changes in tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations or any amendments thereto could diminish the value of an investment in our shares or the value or the resale potential of our investments. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 General economic and market conditions could materially affect the success of our activities and investments. 
 
 Any disruptions in the capital markets may increase the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities and can result in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial sector and re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated market. These and any other unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. Significant changes in the capital markets have limited and could continue to limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and have a material negative impact on our and our portfolio companies operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. More recently, the fair value of our investments was adversely affected by increasing market yields. 
 
 Many factors affect the appeal and availability of investments in companies and the securities and obligations that are our focus. The success of our activities could be materially adversely affected by general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, credit defaults, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation of our investments), trade barriers and currency exchange controls, and national and international political, environmental and socioeconomic circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations) in respect of the countries in which we may invest, as well as by numerous other factors outside the control of the Adviser or its affiliates. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity of our investments, which could impair our profitability or result in losses. In addition, general fluctuations in the market prices of securities and interest rates may affect our investment opportunities and the value of our investments. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow or negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 Oaktree s financial condition may be adversely affected by a significant general economic downturn and it may be subject to legal, regulatory, reputational and other unforeseen risks that could have a material adverse effect on Oaktree s business and operations, which includes the Adviser, and thereby could impact the Company. Moreover, a recession, slowdown and/or sustained downturn in the U.S. or global economy (or any particular segment thereof) or weakening of credit markets will adversely affect our profitability, impede the ability of our portfolio companies to perform under or refinance their existing obligations, and impair our ability to effectively exit investments on favorable terms. Any of the foregoing events could result in substantial or total losses to the Company in respect of certain investments, which losses could be exacerbated by the presence of leverage in a particular portfolio company s capital structure. 
 
 In addition, economic problems in a single country are increasingly affecting other markets and economies. A continuation of this trend could adversely affect global economic conditions and world markets and, in turn, could adversely affect our performance. The economies of particular individual emerging markets countries may differ favorably or unfavorably from one another in such respects as growth of gross domestic product, rate of inflation, currency depreciation, capital 
 70 

reinvestment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments position. Governments of many emerging markets countries have exercised and continue to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of the private sector, including owning or controlling such countries large companies. 
 
 Economic recessions or downturns may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could impair the ability of our portfolio companies to repay debt or pay interest. 
 
 Economic recessions or downturns may result in a prolonged period of market illiquidity which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions also have and could further increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results. In addition, uncertainty with regard to economic recovery from recessions or downturns could also have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 When recessionary conditions exist, the financial results of middle-market companies, like those in which we invest, typically experience deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. Additionally, there can be reduced demand for certain of our portfolio companies products and services and/or other economic consequences, such as decreased margins or extended payment terms. Further, adverse economic conditions may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Such conditions may require us to modify the payment terms of our investments, including changes in PIK interest provisions and/or cash interest rates. The performance of certain of our portfolio companies has been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may result in our receipt of reduced interest income from our portfolio companies and/or realized and unrealized losses related to our investments, and, in turn, may adversely affect distributable income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Global economic, political and market conditions, including downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 
 The current global financial market situation, as well as various social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the United States and worldwide financial markets and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. The impact of downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness as well as potential government shutdowns and uncertainty surrounding transfers of power could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. Several European Union countries have faced budget issues, some of which may have negative long-term effects for the economies of those countries and other EU countries. In addition, the fiscal policy of large foreign nations, may have a severe impact on the worldwide and U.S. financial markets. Additionally, trade wars and volatility in the U.S. repo market, the U.S. high yield bond markets, the global stock markets and global markets for commodities may affect other financial markets worldwide. In addition, while governments worldwide have used stimulus measures recently to reduce volatility in the financial markets, volatility has returned as such measures are phased out, and the long-term impacts of such stimulus on fiscal policy and inflation remain unknown. We cannot predict the effects of these or similar events in the future on the U.S. and global economies and securities markets or on our investments. We monitor developments in economic, political and market conditions and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

71 

These procedures encompass pre-engagement due diligence efforts and the ongoing monitoring of the third-party vendors that are considered to be high-risk. Although these controls and processes are designed to mitigate risks associated with third-party engagements, they do not guarantee the elimination of all potential risks. The effectiveness of these controls and processes is dependent on a variety of factors, some of which are outside Oaktree s and our control. 
 
 This individual reports to Oaktree s Chief Information Officer and is responsible for assessing and managing Oaktree s cyber risk management program, informs senior management regarding the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents and supervises such efforts. The cybersecurity team has decades of collective experience selecting, deploying and operating cybersecurity technologies, initiatives and processes and relies on threat intelligence as well as other information obtained from governmental, public and private sources, including external consultants engaged by Oaktree. 

We and Oaktree face risks from cybersecurity threats that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We and Oaktree have experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber incidents in the normal course of its business. However, See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure - We may face a breach of our cyber security, which could result in adverse consequences to our operations and exposure of confidential information. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties material to our operations. Our administrative and principal executive offices are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, no material legal proceeding is threatened against us. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

72 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Issuances 
 We are offering on a best efforts, continuous basis up to 5.0 billion aggregate offering price of Common Shares pursuant to an offering registered with the SEC. The offering consists of four classes of Common Shares: Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees. Other than the differences in ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees, each class of Common Shares has the same economics and voting rights. Our Common Shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and there is no established public trading market for our Common Shares. 
 Holders 
 As of December 16, 2024, there were 6,529 holders of record of our Class S shares, 47 holders of record of our Class D shares, 2,220 holders of record of our Class I shares and no holders of record of our Class T shares. 
 We determine our NAV for each class of shares each month as of the last day of each calendar month. The NAV per share of each class of shares is determined by dividing the value of total assets attributable to such class minus liabilities attributable to such class by the total number of Common Shares of such class outstanding at the date as of which the determination is made. The following table presents each month-end NAV per share for Class I, Class S and Class D shares during the year ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we have not issued any Class T shares. 
 Class I Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares October 31, 2023 23.39 23.39 23.39 November 30, 2023 23.51 23.51 23.51 December 31, 2023 23.62 23.62 23.62 January 31, 2024 23.60 23.60 23.60 February 29, 2024 23.58 23.58 23.58 March 31, 2024 23.61 23.61 23.61 April 30, 2024 23.59 23.59 23.59 May 31, 2024 23.59 23.59 23.59 June 30, 2024 23.53 23.53 23.53 July 31, 2024 23.54 23.54 23.54 August 31, 2024 23.55 23.55 23.55 September 30, 2024 23.56 23.56 23.56 
 Distributions 
 We have declared distributions each month beginning July 2022 and we expect to continue to pay regular monthly distributions. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition, maintenance of our tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Our Board of Trustees discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our net investment income. 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class T and Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/ or distribution fees with respect to the Class T and Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). The per share amount of distributions on Class T shares and Class S shares will generally be the same. 
 73 

The following table summarizes our distributions declared and payable for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts) by share class: Class I Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1900 9,259 November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1900 9,916 December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 2,296 December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1900 10,921 January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1900 11,872 February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.2000 13,229 March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.2000 14,041 April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.2000 14,936 May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.2000 15,451 June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.2000 16,361 July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.2000 16,768 August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.2000 17,490 September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.2000 18,062 2.4000 170,602 
 Class S Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1733 4,105 November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1734 4,436 December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 1,109 December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1733 4,825 January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1733 5,191 February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.1833 5,853 March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.1833 6,361 April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.1833 6,730 May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.1833 7,188 June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.1833 7,551 July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.1833 7,684 August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.1833 7,938 September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.1833 8,161 2.1997 77,132 
 Class D Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1851 1 November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1851 3 December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 1 December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1851 4 January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1851 5 February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.1951 10 March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.1951 10 April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.1951 11 May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.1951 12 June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.1951 14 July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.1951 15 August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.1951 15 September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.1951 16 2.3412 117 
 74 

Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 
 The Board of Trustees approved a distribution and servicing plan. Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation, the Company pays the Distribution Manager a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class T shares and Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly in arrears. Class I shares are not subject to a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee. 
 
 The Distribution Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Distribution Manager will waive the shareholder servicing fee and/or distribution that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board of Trustees on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash. As a result, if the Board of Trustees authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 At the discretion of the Board of Trustees, commencing during the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022, we have implemented a share repurchase program in which the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of the NAV of our Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. We intend to conduct repurchase offers under the share repurchase program in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 Under our share repurchase program, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers at the expiration of the tender offer using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter (the Valuation Date ), except that shares that have a prospective repurchase date that is within the one-year period following the original issue date of the shares will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV, reflecting an early repurchase deduction of 2 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period will be deemed satisfied if the shares to be repurchased would have been outstanding for one year or longer as of the subscription closing date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date, which subscription closing date the Company deems the prospective repurchase date for the applicable offer. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 
 75 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased an aggregate of 1,352,519 Class I and 767,699 Class S shares. The following table presents the share repurchases completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Repurchase Pricing Date Total Number of Shares Repurchased (all classes) Percentage of Outstanding Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Price Paid Per Share Amount Repurchased (all classes) (2) 
 December 31, 2023 446,089 0.69 23.62 10,526 March 31, 2024 348,944 0.41 23.61 8,217 June 30, 2024 702,746 0.67 23.53 16,544 September 30, 2024 622,439 0.51 23.56 14,623 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction, where applicable. 
 Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 , an affiliate of the Adviser purchased 4,000,000 Class I shares for 100.0 million, or 25.00 per share. The purchases were made in offerings exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 
 
 On May 31, 2022, the Company sold unregistered Class I shares to feeder vehicles primarily created to hold the Company s Class I shares, including an affiliate of the Company s distribution manager, Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (the Distribution Manager ), as well as to certain other affiliates of the Distribution Manager for gross proceeds of approximately 177.6 million. The number of Class I shares sold on such date was 7,301,370 based on the Company s net asset value per share as of May 31, 2022 of 24.32. The offer and sale of these Class I shares was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation S thereunder. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 76 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. All amounts are shown in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated. 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund the Company , which may also be referred to as we, us or our ). The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q may include statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results and distribution projections; 
 the ability of Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (our Adviser and, collectively with its affiliates, Oaktree to implement its future plans with respect to our business and to achieve our investment objective; 
 the ability of Oaktree and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our expected financings and investments and additional leverage we may seek to incur in the future; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; and 
 the impact of current global economic conditions, including those caused by inflation, a rising interest rate environment and geopolitical events on all of the foregoing. 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect, seek, plan, should, estimate, project and intend indicate forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 changes or potential disruptions in our operations, the economy, financial markets or political environment, including 
 those caused by inflation and a rising interest rate environment; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations, the operations of our portfolio companies or the economy generally due to terrorism, war or other geopolitical conflict, natural disasters or pandemics; 
 future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas, particularly with respect to business development companies BDCs or regulated investment companies RICs and 
 other considerations that may be disclosed from time to time in our publicly disseminated documents and filings. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this annual report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 Business Overview 
 We are a Delaware statutory trust formed on November 24, 2021 and are structured as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. On February 3, 2022, we elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to be treated as a RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Effective as of February 3, 2022, we are externally managed by the Adviser pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (as amended and restated, the Investment Advisory Agreement ), between us and the Adviser. The Adviser is a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC OCG ). In 2019, Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. 
 77 

Our investment objective is to generate stable current income and long-term capital appreciation. We seek to meet our investment objective by primarily investing in private debt opportunities. 
 We have the authority to issue an unlimited number of common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share Common Shares ). We are offering on a best efforts, continuous basis up to 5.0 billion aggregate offering price of Common Shares (the Maximum Offering Amount pursuant to an offering registered with the SEC. We are authorized to offer to sell any combination of four classes of Common Shares: Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares with a dollar value up to the Maximum Offering Amount. The share classes have different ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 We accepted purchase orders and held investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until we received purchase orders for Common Shares of at least 100.0 million, excluding subscriptions by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. in respect of the Class I shares purchased by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. prior to March 31, 2022. 
 As of June 1, 2022, we had satisfied the minimum offering requirement and our board of trustees (the Board of Trustees or the Board had authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 89,843,322 Class I shares for an aggregate purchase price of 2,125.5 million of which 100.0 million was purchased by an affiliate of the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024 , we have issued and sold 43,152,504 Class S shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,016.0 million . As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 78,986 Class D shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had not issued any Class T shares. 

78 

Business Environment and Developments 
 Global financial markets have experienced an increase in volatility over the last few years amid higher inflation, elevated interest rates, and concern over a potential slowdown in economic activity. As inflation pressures have eased in recent months, the Federal Reserve has relaxed its monetary policies and cut the federal funds rate to support the broader economy. However, various macroeconomic headwinds remain including ongoing conflict in the Middle East and signs of an economic slowdown outside the United States. These uncertainties can ultimately impact the overall supply and demand of the market through changing spreads, deal terms and structures and equity purchase price multiples. 
 
 We are unable to predict the full effects of these macroeconomic events or how they might evolve. We continue to closely monitor the impact these events have on our business, industry and portfolio companies and will provide constructive solutions where necessary. 
 
 Against this backdrop, we believe attractive risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by making loans to companies in the middle market. Given the breadth of the investment platform and decades of credit investing experience of Oaktree and its affiliates, we believe that we have the resources and experience to source, diligence and structure investments in these companies. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Our Adviser, as the valuation designee of our Board pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act, determines the fair value of our assets on at least a quarterly basis in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ). ASC 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A liability s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. ASC 820 prioritizes the use of observable market prices over entity-specific inputs. Where observable prices or inputs are not available or reliable, valuation techniques are applied. These valuation techniques involve some level of estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the investments or market and the investments' complexity. 
 Hierarchical levels, defined by ASC 820 and directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data at the measurement date for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect the Adviser s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. 
 If inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, an investment s level is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. This includes investment securities that are valued using bid and ask prices obtained from independent third party pricing services or directly from brokers. These investments may be classified as Level 3 because the quoted prices may be indicative in nature for securities that are in an inactive market, may be for similar securities or may require adjustments for investment-specific factors or restrictions. 
 Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment inherent in measuring fair value. As such, the Adviser obtains and analyzes readily available market quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers for all of our investments for which quotations are available. In determining the fair value of a particular investment, pricing vendors and brokers use observable market information, including both binding and non-binding indicative quotations. 
 The Adviser seeks to obtain at least two quotations for the subject or similar securities, typically from pricing vendors. If the Adviser is unable to obtain two quotes from pricing vendors, or if the prices obtained from pricing vendors are not within the Adviser s set threshold, the Adviser seeks to obtain a quote directly from a broker making a market for the asset. The Adviser evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including 
 79 

trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. The Adviser also performs back-testing of valuation information obtained from pricing vendors and brokers against actual prices received in transactions. In addition to ongoing monitoring and back-testing, the Adviser performs due diligence procedures over pricing vendors to understand their methodology and controls to support their use in the valuation process. Generally, the Adviser does not adjust any of the prices received from these sources. 
 If the quotations obtained from pricing vendors or brokers are determined not to be reliable or are not readily available, the Adviser values such investments using any of three different valuation techniques. The first valuation technique is the transaction precedent technique, which utilizes recent or expected future transactions of the investment to determine fair value, to the extent applicable. The second valuation technique is an analysis of the enterprise value EV of the portfolio company. EV means the entire value of the portfolio company to a market participant, including the sum of the values of debt and equity securities used to capitalize the enterprise at a point in time. The EV analysis is typically performed to determine (i) the value of equity investments, (ii) whether there is credit impairment for debt investments and (iii) the value for debt investments that we are deemed to control under the Investment Company Act. To estimate the EV of a portfolio company, the Adviser analyzes various factors, including the portfolio company s historical and projected financial results, macroeconomic impacts on the company and competitive dynamics in the company s industry. Tthe Adviser also utilizes some or all of the following information based on the individual circumstances of the portfolio company: (i) valuations of comparable public companies, (ii) recent sales of private and public comparable companies in similar industries or having similar business or earnings characteristics, (iii) purchase prices as a multiple of their earnings or cash flow, (iv) the portfolio company s ability to meet its forecasts and its business prospects, (v) a discounted cash flow analysis, (vi) estimated liquidation or collateral value of the portfolio company s assets and (vii) offers from third parties to buy the portfolio company. The Adviser may probability weight potential sale outcomes with respect to a portfolio company when uncertainty exists as of the valuation date. The third valuation technique is a market yield technique, which is typically performed for non-credit impaired debt investments. In the market yield technique, a current price is imputed for the investment based upon an assessment of the expected market yield for a similarly structured investment with a similar level of risk, and the Adviser considers the current contractual interest rate, the capital structure and other terms of the investment relative to our risk and the specific investment. A key determinant of risk, among other things, is the leverage through the investment relative to the EV of the portfolio company. As debt investments held by us are substantially illiquid with no active transaction market, the Adviser depends on primary market data, including newly funded transactions and industry specific market movements, as well as secondary market data with respect to high yield debt instruments and syndicated loans, as inputs in determining the appropriate market yield, as applicable. 
 The Adviser estimates the fair value of certain privately held warrants using a Black Scholes pricing model, which includes an analysis of various factors and subjective assumptions, including the current stock price (by using an EV analysis as described above), the expected period until exercise, expected volatility of the underlying stock price, expected dividends and the risk free rate. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 The fair value of our investments as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was determined by the Adviser, as our valuation designee. We have and will continue to engage independent valuation firms each quarter to provide assistance regarding the determination of the fair value of a portion of our portfolio securities for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment. 
 Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s earnings and its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to comparable publicly-traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, Oaktree s determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to these uncertainties, Oaktree s fair value determinations may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more of our investments. 
 When we determine our net asset value as of the last day of a month that is not also the last day of a calendar quarter, we intend to update the value of securities with reliable market quotations to the most recent market quotation. For securities without reliable market quotations, pursuant to our valuation policy, the Adviser s valuation team will generally value such assets at the most recent quarterly valuation or, in the case of securities acquired after such date, cost, unless, in either case, the Adviser determines that since the most recent quarter end or the date of acquisition for securities acquired after quarter end, as the case may be, a significant observable change has occurred with respect to the investment (which determination may be as a result of a material event at a portfolio company, material change in market spreads, secondary market transaction in the securities of an investment or otherwise). If the Adviser determines such a change has occurred with respect to one or more investments, the Adviser will determine whether to update the value for each relevant investment using a range of values from an independent valuation firm, where applicable, in accordance with our valuation policy. Additionally, the Adviser may 
 80 

otherwise determine to update the most recent quarter end valuation of an investment without reliable market quotations that the Adviser considers to be material to us using a range of values from an independent valuation firm. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 4,576.2 million of investments at fair value, up from 1,927.2 million held at September 30, 2023, primarily driven by new originations funded primarily by cash proceeds from our continuous public offering. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind PIK interest income. The principal amount of the debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income, adjusted for accretion of original issue discount OID ), is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing interest on investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest in cash are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Cash interest payments received on investments may be recognized as income or a return of capital depending upon management s judgment. A non-accrual investment is restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and the portfolio company, in management s judgment, is likely to continue timely payment of its remaining obligations. As of September 30, 2024, there was one investment on non-accrual status that represented 0.1 and 0.1 of total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, there were no investments on non-accrual status. 
 In connection with our investment in a portfolio company, we sometimes receive nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When we receive nominal cost equity, we allocate our cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 Our investments in debt securities may contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which generally represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We generally cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if we do not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. Our decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities; financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company; our assessment of the portfolio company s business development success; information obtained by us in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company s management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor; and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. Our determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before our full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that we will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on our debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in our consolidated financial statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by us to the Adviser. To 
 81 

maintain our status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to our shareholders even though we have not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 
 Portfolio Composition 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 4,576.2 million and was composed of investments in 180 portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2023, the fair value of our investment portfolio was 1,927.2 million and was composed of investments in 123 portfolio companies. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted of the following: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cost: Senior Secured Debt 89.12 94.39 Subordinated Debt 10.33 5.12 Common Equity and Warrants 0.28 0.18 Preferred Equity 0.27 0.31 Total 100.00 100.00 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fair Value: Senior Secured Debt 89.02 94.32 Subordinated Debt 10.40 5.07 Preferred Equity 0.31 0.30 Common Equity and Warrants 0.27 0.31 Total 100.00 100.00 

82 

The table below describes investments by industry composition based on fair value as a percentage of total investments: 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fair Value: Application Software 17.60 13.67 Diversified Support Services 4.80 2.10 Systems Software 4.70 3.64 Health Care Services 4.38 3.00 Multi-Sector Holdings 4.16 1.50 Interactive Media Services 3.73 1.25 Aerospace Defense 3.68 3.92 Diversified Financial Services 3.56 1.65 Health Care Technology 2.87 3.74 Pharmaceuticals 2.78 3.28 Education Services 2.73 3.20 Insurance Brokers 2.48 0.72 Industrial Machinery Supplies Components 2.29 1.58 Communications Equipment 1.93 Other Specialty Retail 1.92 5.44 Trading Companies Distributors 1.84 1.33 Office Services Supplies 1.83 1.12 Electrical Components Equipment 1.82 3.94 Packaged Foods Meats 1.76 Environmental Facilities Services 1.70 3.93 Wireless Telecommunication Services 1.57 Construction Engineering 1.55 Property Casualty Insurance 1.50 2.17 Health Care Supplies 1.49 1.93 Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment 1.36 Asset Management Custody Banks 1.36 Specialized Finance 1.28 2.53 Data Processing Outsourced Services 1.25 Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials 1.24 0.24 Specialized Consumer Services 1.19 Financial Exchanges Data 1.04 Life Sciences Tools Services 0.98 1.42 Health Care Equipment 0.97 2.07 Movies Entertainment 0.87 Diversified Metals Mining 0.87 4.95 Research Consulting Services 0.83 1.10 Commodity Chemicals 0.70 Health Care Distributors 0.69 1.72 Gold 0.65 1.43 Distributors 0.64 2.69 Electronic Components 0.63 Health Care Facilities 0.56 1.07 Real Estate Development 0.55 0.82 Metal, Glass Plastic Containers 0.55 1.34 Food Distributors 0.52 0.32 Cable Satellite 0.46 1.26 Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines 0.45 0.88 Diversified Chemicals 0.35 Advertising 0.31 0.59 Consumer Finance 0.30 0.32 Biotechnology 0.27 1.86 Passenger Airlines 0.26 0.65 Leisure Facilities 0.20 0.47 Personal Care Products 2.30 Integrated Telecommunication Services 2.05 Auto Parts Equipment 1.72 Restaurants 0.99 Internet Services Infrastructure 0.76 Air Freight Logistics 0.35 Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages 0.29 Diversified Real Estate Activities 0.24 Leisure Products 0.21 Other Specialized REITs 0.15 Construction Materials 0.10 Total 100.00 100.00 
 83 

The geographic composition of our portfolio is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company, which may not be indicative of the primary source of the portfolio company s business. The table below describes investments by geographic composition at fair value as a percentage of total investments: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 United States 84.59 87.07 United Kingdom 6.24 2.34 Luxembourg 1.95 2.13 Canada 1.51 2.94 Cayman Islands 1.35 0.68 Sweden 1.21 Netherlands 1.17 0.29 India 0.87 2.04 France 0.30 0.71 Costa Rica 0.29 0.64 Chile 0.26 0.65 Switzerland 0.22 0.51 Australia 0.04 Total 100.00 100.00 
 
 See the Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, in our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this annual report on Form 10-K, for more information on these investments, including a list of companies and the type, cost and fair value of investments. 
 Discussion and Analysis of Results and Operations 
 Results of Operations 
 The principal measure of our financial performance is the net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income, net realized gains (losses) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income is the difference between our income from interest income and fee income and net expenses. Net realized gains (losses) on investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their stated costs. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation (depreciation) when gains or losses are realized. The net increase or decrease in net assets from operations may vary substantially from period to period as a result of various factors, including the recognition of realized gains and losses and net change in unrealized appreciation and depreciation. 
 Comparison of fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 Investment Income 
 Total investment income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was 422,450 and consisted of 415,012 of interest income primarily from portfolio investments (including 7,496 of PIK interest income) and 7,438 of fee income. Total investment income for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 was 119,234 and consisted of 118,162 of interest income primarily from portfolio investments (including 3,178 of PIK interest income) and 1,072 of fee income. The increase in total investment income was primarily driven by the increase in the size of the investment portfolio. Based on fair value as of September 30, 2024, the weighted average yield on our debt investments was 10.7 , down from 11.8 as of September 30, 2023. 
 84 

Expenses 
 Net expenses for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 were 198,208, up significantly from 51,022 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly driven by a larger investment portfolio attributable to new capital raised pursuant to our continuous public offering. Net expenses consisted of the following: 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 Expenses: Base management fee 31,230 10,518 Investment income incentive fee 33,611 10,042 Capital gains incentive fee 2,951 278 Professional fees 2,827 2,076 Class S and Class D distribution and shareholder servicing fees 7,018 2,024 Board of trustees fees 439 289 Organization expenses 8 4 Amortization of continuous offering costs 983 2,737 Interest expense 114,239 21,814 Administrator expense 1,519 939 General and administrative expenses 2,338 1,402 Total expenses 197,163 52,123 Management and incentive fees waived (1,642) Expense reimbursements (support) 1,045 541 Net expenses 198,208 51,022 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser did not make any Expense Payments. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we made reimbursement payments of 1,045 to the Adviser. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Adviser made Expense Payments in the amount of 852. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we made reimbursement payments of 1,393 to the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024, there were no amounts due to the Adviser from us under the Expense Support Agreement. 
 The Adviser waived management and incentive fees through November 2022, the first six months following June 1, 2022, the date on which we broke escrow for our continuous offering. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, base management fees were 31,230, none of which was waived. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, investment income incentive fees were 33,611, none of which was waived. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, base management fees were 10,518, of which 877 was waived. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Investment Income Incentive Fee was 10,042, of which 765 was waived. See Note 9, Related Party Transactions, to our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 Net unrealized appreciation was 28,106 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. This consisted of 42.6 million of net unrealized appreciation on debt investments and 0.3 million of net unrealized appreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized losses), partially offset by 14.0 million of net unrealized depreciation of foreign currency forward contracts and 0.8 million of net unrealized depreciation on equity investments. 
 Net unrealized appreciation was 22,685 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, this consisted of 12.1 million of net unrealized appreciation on debt investments, 5.9 million of net unrealized appreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized losses), 2.7 million of net unrealized appreciation on equity investments and 2.0 million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. 
 85 

Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 Net realized losses were 3,612 and 4,050 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, which was primarily related to the exits of certain investments and foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Comparison of Year ended September 30, 2023 and the Period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022. 
 
 The comparison of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 to September 30, 2022 can be found within Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We expect to generate cash from (1) the cash proceeds from our continuous public offering, (2) cash flows from operations, including earnings on investments, as well as interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in cash-equivalents, U.S. high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less, (3) borrowings from banks, including secured borrowings, unsecured debt offerings, and any other financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (4) any future offerings of equity or debt securities. 
 
 Our primary use of cash is for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments, (2) the cost of operations (including our expenses, the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee), (3) debt service, repayment and other financing costs of our borrowings, (4) funding repurchases under our share repurchase program, and (5) cash distributions to the shareholders. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 373.0 million. During that period, 2,415.1 million of cash was used in operating activities, primarily consisting of cash used to fund new investments, partially offset by proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 2,785.4 million, due primarily from 1,617.4 million of proceeds from the issuance of common shares, 650.0 million of net borrowings under the credit facilities and 745.9 million of proceeds from the issuance of unsecured notes, partially offset by 166.0 million of distributions paid to shareholders, 40.6 million of shares repurchases paid and 21.2 million of deferred financing and offering costs paid. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 92.7 million. During that period, 1,354.4 million of cash was used in operating activities, primarily consisting of cash used to fund new investments, partially offset by proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 1,447.8 million, due primarily from 1,145.7 million of proceeds from the issuance of common shares and 370.0 million of net borrowings under the credit facilities, partially offset by 56.1 million of distributions paid to shareholders and 11.6 million of deferred costs paid. 
 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2022, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 58.4 million. During that period, 388.4 million of cash was used in operating activities, primarily consisting of cash used to fund new investments, partially offset by proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments. During the same period, cash provided by financing activities was 446.8 million, due primarily from 380.2 million of proceeds from the issuance of common shares and 75.0 million of net borrowings under the credit facility, partially offset by 3.7 million of financing costs paid, 3.6 million of distributions paid to shareholders and 1.1 million of offering costs paid. 
 86 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 524.2 million of cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash of 43.3 million), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 4,576.2 million, 34.5 million of interest receivable, 1,590.0 million of undrawn capacity on our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base and other limitations), 51.7 million of net payables from unsettled transactions, 1,095.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities and 759.3 million of unsecured notes payable (net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment). 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 151.1 million of cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash of 5.6 million), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 1,927.2 million, 12.6 million of interest receivable, 0.9 million of due from affiliates, 1,190.0 million of undrawn capacity on our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base and other limitations), 94.3 million of net payables from unsettled transactions and 445.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities. 
 We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 642,044 and 224,611, respectively, of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to certain of our portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2024, of the 642,044 of unfunded commitments, approximately 600,609 can be drawn immediately with the remaining amount subject to certain milestones that must be met by portfolio companies or other restrictions. Such commitments are subject to the portfolio company s satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Contractual Obligations Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2023 Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Weighted average debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2024 Maximum debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2024 ING Credit Agreement 320,000 415,000 437,091 580,000 JPM SPV Facility 125,000 230,000 195,560 230,000 SMBC SPV Facility 100,000 48,634 100,000 CIBC SPV Facility 225,000 110,451 225,000 DBNY SPV Facility 100,000 38,005 100,000 MS SPV Facility 25,000 7,172 25,000 2028 Unsecured Notes 350,000 307,923 350,000 2029 Unsecured Notes 400,000 76,503 400,000 Total debt 445,000 1,845,000 1,221,339 
 Payments due by period as of September 30, 2024 Total 

 Equity Activity 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 89,843,322 Class I shares for an aggregate purchase price of 2,125.5 million. As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 43,152,504 Class S shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,016.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, we have issued and sold 78,986 Class D shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, we have issued 1,618,352 Class I shares, 1,941,341 Class S and 2,306 Class D shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. As of September 30, 2024, we have not issued any Class T shares. 
 The following table summarizes transactions in Common Shares for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024: 
 Shares Amount Class I Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 45,811,794 1,079,267 Share transfers between classes 37,004 872 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 1,284,718 30,450 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction (1,352,519) (31,860) Net increase (decrease) 45,780,997 1,078,729 Class S Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 22,770,423 536,446 Share transfers between classes (37,004) (872) Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 1,570,456 37,112 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction (767,699) (18,050) Net increase (decrease) 23,536,176 554,636 Class D Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 72,809 1,716 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 2,289 54 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) 75,098 1,770 Total net increase (decrease) 69,392,271 1,635,135 
 
 The following table summarizes transactions in Common Shares for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 Shares Amount Class I Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 30,975,834 726,878 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 312,297 7,328 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction (225,337) (5,309) Net increase (decrease) 31,062,794 728,897 Class S Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 17,839,100 418,677 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 362,467 8,500 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction (2,830) (67) Net increase (decrease) 18,198,737 427,110 Class D Issuance of Common Shares in public offering 6,177 145 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan 17 Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) 6,194 145 Total net increase (decrease) 49,267,725 1,156,152 

88 

Net Asset Value per Share and Offering Price 
 We determine NAV per share for each class of shares as of the last calendar day of each month. Share issuances pursuant to accepted monthly subscriptions are effective the first calendar day of each month. Shares are issued and sold at a purchase price equivalent to the most recent NAV per share available for each share class, which will be the prior calendar day NAV per share (i.e. the prior month-end NAV). The following table summarizes each month-end NAV per share for Class I, Class S and Class D shares for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, we have not issued any Class T shares. 
 Class I Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares October 31, 2023 23.39 23.39 23.39 November 30, 2023 23.51 23.51 23.51 December 31, 2023 23.62 23.62 23.62 January 31, 2024 23.60 23.60 23.60 February 29, 2024 23.58 23.58 23.58 March 31, 2024 23.61 23.61 23.61 April 30, 2024 23.59 23.59 23.59 May 31, 2024 23.59 23.59 23.59 June 30, 2024 23.53 23.53 23.53 July 31, 2024 23.54 23.54 23.54 August 31, 2024 23.55 23.55 23.55 September 30, 2024 23.56 23.56 23.56 
 Class I Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares October 31, 2022 23.33 23.33 November 30, 2022 23.46 23.46 December 31, 2022 23.23 23.23 January 31, 2023 23.64 23.64 February 28, 2023 23.56 23.56 March 31, 2023 23.42 23.42 April 30, 2023 23.40 23.40 May 31, 2023 23.23 23.23 June 30, 2023 23.48 23.48 23.48 July 31, 2023 23.54 23.54 23.54 August 31, 2023 23.60 23.60 23.60 September 30, 2023 23.56 23.56 23.56 
 Class I Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares May 31, 2022 24.32 June 30, 2022 23.71 July 31, 2022 23.98 23.98 August 31, 2022 24.03 24.03 September 30, 2022 23.47 23.47 
 
 89 

Distributions 
 The Board authorizes and declares monthly distribution amounts per share of outstanding Common Shares. The following table presents distributions that were declared during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024: 
 Class I Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount Monthly October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1900 9,259 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1900 9,916 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 2,296 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1900 10,921 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1900 11,872 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.2000 13,229 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.2000 14,041 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.2000 14,936 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.2000 15,451 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.2000 16,361 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.2000 16,768 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.2000 17,490 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.2000 18,062 2.4000 170,602 
 Class S Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount Monthly October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1733 4,105 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1734 4,436 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 1,109 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1733 4,825 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1733 5,191 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.1833 5,853 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.1833 6,361 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.1833 6,730 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.1833 7,188 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.1833 7,551 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.1833 7,684 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.1833 7,938 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.1833 8,161 2.1997 77,132 
 Class D Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount Monthly October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 0.1851 1 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.1851 3 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 0.0400 1 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 0.1851 4 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 0.1851 5 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 0.1951 10 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.1951 10 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 0.1951 11 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 0.1951 12 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.1951 14 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 0.1951 15 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 0.1951 15 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 0.1951 16 2.3412 117 
 
 90 

The following table presents distributions that were declared during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 Class I Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 26, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 28, 2022 0.1800 2,470 November 21, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 28, 2022 0.1900 2,818 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 0.1900 3,171 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 0.0400 668 January 24, 2023 January 31, 2023 February 24, 2023 0.1900 3,351 February 22, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 29, 2023 0.1900 3,834 March 22, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 27, 2023 0.1900 4,252 April 25, 2023 April 30, 2023 May 26, 2023 0.1900 4,568 May 22, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 28, 2023 0.1900 5,068 June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 0.1900 5,605 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 0.1900 7,094 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27,2023 0.1900 7,710 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 0.1900 8,423 2.3100 59,032 
 Class S Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 26, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 28, 2022 0.1634 574 November 21, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 28, 2022 0.1735 684 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 0.1734 789 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 0.0400 182 January 24, 2023 January 31, 2023 February 24, 2023 0.1735 916 February 22, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 29, 2023 0.1733 1,024 March 22, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 27, 2023 0.1733 1,486 April 25, 2023 April 30, 2023 May 26, 2023 0.1734 1,764 May 22, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 28, 2023 0.1734 2,036 June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 0.1735 2,381 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 0.1734 2,749 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27, 2023 0.1733 3,071 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 0.1733 3,603 2.1107 21,259 
 Class D Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 0.1852 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 0.1851 1 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27, 2023 0.1851 1 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 0.1851 1 0.7405 3 
 The following table presents distributions that were declared during the period ended September 30, 2022: 
 Class I Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount March 3, 2022 March 4, 2022 March 7, 2022 0.3200 768 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1640 1,975 August 22, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1670 2,092 September 23, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 31, 2022 0.1700 2,218 0.8210 7,053 
 91 

Class S Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 0.1472 151 August 22, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 0.1500 272 September 23, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 31, 2022 0.1530 396 0.4502 819 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then shareholders who have not opted out of our distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 At the discretion of our Board of Trustees, during the quarter ended September 30, 2022 we commenced a share repurchase program pursuant to which we intend to offer to repurchase up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Our Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. Following any such suspension, the Board of Trustees will consider on at least a quarterly basis whether the continued suspension of the share repurchase program is in the best interest of us and shareholders, and will reinstate the share repurchase program when and if appropriate and subject to its fiduciary duty to us and shareholders. 
 We intend to conduct repurchase offers under the share repurchase program pursuant to tender offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired. 
 Under our share repurchase program, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, we expect to repurchase shares at the expiration of the tender offer at a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter (the Valuation Date ), except that shares that have a prospective repurchase date that is within the one-year period following the original issue date of the shares will be subject to an early repurchase deduction of 2 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period will be deemed satisfied if the shares to be repurchased would have been outstanding for one year or longer as of the subscription closing date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date, which subscription closing date the Company deems the prospective repurchase date for the applicable offer. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by us for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased pursuant to such tender offers an aggregate of 1,352,519 Class I and 767,699 Class S shares. The following table presents the share repurchases completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Repurchase Pricing Date Total Number of Shares Repurchased (all classes) Percentage of Outstanding Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Price Paid Per Share Amount Repurchased (all classes) (2) 
 December 31, 2023 446,089 0.69 23.62 10,526 March 31, 2024 348,944 0.41 23.61 8,217 June 30, 2024 702,746 0.67 23.53 16,544 September 30, 2024 622,439 0.51 23.56 14,623 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction, where applicable. 
 92 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased pursuant to such tender offers an aggregate of 225,337 Class I and 2,830 Class S shares. The following table presents the share repurchases completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 Repurchase Pricing Date Total Number of Shares Repurchased (all classes) Percentage of Outstanding Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Price Paid Per Share Amount Repurchased (all classes) (2) 
 June 30, 2023 1,692 0.01 23.48 39 September 30, 2023 226,475 0.52 23.56 5,336 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction, where applicable. 
 Leverage 
 To seek to enhance our returns, we use and expect to continue to use leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of the Adviser. However, as a BDC, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are currently only allowed to borrow amounts in accordance with the asset coverage requirements in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). On March 23, 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCAA was enacted into law. The SBCAA, among other things, amended Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act to add a new Section 61(a)(2) that reduces the asset coverage requirements applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 so long as the BDC meets certain disclosure requirements, which we have made, and obtains certain approvals, which we have obtained. Accordingly, we are subject to an asset coverage requirement of 150 . We intend to use leverage in the form of borrowings, including loans from certain financial institutions, and the issuance of debt securities. We may also use leverage in the form of the issuance of preferred shares, but do not currently intend to do so. In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. Any such leverage is expected to be applied on a position-by-position basis, meaning little-to-no leverage may be applied to certain investments, while others may have more leverage applied. Any such leverage would also be expected to increase the total capital available for investment by the Company. We may also create leverage by securitizing our assets (including in CLOs) and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle. 
 ING Credit Agreement 
 
 On March 25, 2022 (the ING Closing Date ), we entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the ING Credit Agreement among us, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC ING ), as administrative agent. As of September 30, 2024, the size of the ING Credit Agreement facility is 1,185 million (the Maximum Commitment ), and the ING Credit Agreement facility has a four year availability period (the Availability Period commencing from June 28, 2023 during which loans may be made and a stated maturity date that is five years from June 28, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). Following the Availability Period, we will be required in certain circumstances to prepay loans prior to the Maturity Date. The ING Credit Agreement provides for the issuance of letters of credit during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount of 25 million. Borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including making investments and permitted distributions. 
 
 All obligations under the ING Credit Agreement are secured by a first-priority security interest (subject to certain exceptions) in substantially all of the present and future property and assets of us and of the sole current and certain future subsidiaries of us and guaranteed by such subsidiaries. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement are denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to either (1) the SOFR, as adjusted, plus 2.05 per annum if the Company has and maintains an investment grade credit rating or (2) the alternative base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus of 1 , (c) the overnight bank funding rate plus of 1 , (d) certain rates based on SOFR and (e) ABR plus 1.05 per annum if the Company has and maintains investment grade credit rating. We may elect either an ABR or SOFR borrowing at each drawdown request, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time at our option, subject to certain conditions. We also pay a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum on the daily unused portion of the aggregate 
 93 

commitments under the ING Credit Agreement, subject to increase to 1.00 per annum on the daily unused amount if the daily unused amount is greater than or equal to 65 of the aggregate commitments under the ING Credit Agreement. 
 
 At any time during the Availability Period, we, as the borrower may propose an increase in the Maximum Commitment to an amount not to exceed the greater of (a) 1,250.0 million and (b) 150 of shareholders equity as of the date on which such increased amount is to be effective, subject to certain conditions, including the consent of the lenders to increase their commitments and of ING. 
 
 We have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the ING Credit Agreement based on the financial information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement are subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The ING Credit Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, ING may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding loans and all other obligations under the ING Credit Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we had 415.0 million and 320.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the ING Credit Agreement. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 to September 30, 2022, our borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.55 , 6.93 and 3.76 , respectively. We recorded 38,696, 18,066 and 2,285 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the ING Credit Agreement for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 JPM SPV Facility 
 
 On February 24, 2023 (the JPM Closing Date ), we entered into a loan and security agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the JPM Loan and Security Agreement among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC OSCF Lending SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ), as administrative agent, pursuant to which JPM agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to 500 million. 
 
 The JPM Loan and Security Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a reinvestment period ending May 29, 2027 and a stated maturity date of May 29, 2029. Subject to certain conditions, including consent of the lenders and JPM, as administrative agent, at any time during the reinvestment period, OSCF Lending SPV may propose one or more increases in the JPM Maximum Commitment up to an amount not to exceed 1.0 billion. Borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate with a three-month tenor, based on the SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator), and as published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor administrator), plus 2.50 . 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending SPV under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending SPV. 
 
 Borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement are subject to various covenants under the JPM Agreements as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, OSCF Lending SPV had 230.0 million and 125.0 million outstanding under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, OSCF Lending SPV s borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 8.16 and 8.17 , respectively. We recorded 18,432 and 3,740 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the JPM Loan and Security Agreement for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 SMBC SPV Facility 
 On September 29, 2023 (the SMBC Closing Date ), we entered into a loan and security agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC OSCF Lending III SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, us, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the account bank, 
 94 

Virtus Group, LP, as collateral custodian, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation SMBC ), as administrative agent and collateral agent, pursuant to which SMBC agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending III SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to 150 million at any one time outstanding. 
 The SMBC Loan and Security Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a three-year reinvestment period (the SMBC Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is five years after the SMBC Closing Date. Borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Servicing Agreement are denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the request of OSCF Lending III SPV, either (1) SOFR plus 2.45 up to and including 3.00 depending on the collateral securing the facility or (2) the base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (c) zero (0 and (d) one month SOFR plus 1 plus 1.45 up to and including 2.00 depending on the collateral securing the facility. We are required to pay a non-usage fee of 0.50 or 0.75 depending on amounts borrowed by us under the facility. 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending III SPV under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending III SPV. 
 Borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement are subject to various covenants under the SMBC Agreements as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 100.0 million outstanding under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 8.12 . We recorded 4,914 and 8 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 CIBC SPV Facility 
 
 On November 21, 2023 (the CIBC Closing Date ), we entered into a loan and servicing agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement among OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC OSCF Lending V SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, we, as transferor and servicer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as securities intermediary, collateral custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce CIBC ), as administrative agent, pursuant to which CIBC agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending V SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to 150 million (the CIBC Maximum Commitment at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a two-year reinvestment period (the CIBC Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is two years after the CIBC Closing Date. Subject to certain conditions, including consent of the lenders and CIBC as administrative agent, during the CIBC Availability Period, OSCF Lending V SPV may propose up to four increases in the CIBC Maximum Commitment up to an amount not to exceed 500 million in the aggregate. On April 26, 2024, we increased the CIBC Maximum Commitment to 350 million. 
 
 Borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the request of OSCF Lending V SPV, either (1) the SOFR, plus 1.95 or (2) the base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (c) zero (0 and (d) one month SOFR plus 1 plus 0.95 . The applicable spread otherwise in effect shall be increased by 2 per annum after the stated maturity date or when an event of default has occurred and is continuing. We are required to pay a non-usage fee of 0.50 on undrawn borrowings. 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending V SPV under the CIBC Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending V SPV, including loans it has made or acquired (the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans ). Under the Loan and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending V SPV, as borrower, and us, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans, as well as the borrower s and servicer s businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. 
 
 The CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, CIBC, as administrative agent, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding borrowings and all other obligations under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 95 

Borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement are subject to various covenants as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 225.0 million outstanding under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.52 . We recorded 9,358 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 DBNY SPV Facility 
 
 On February 15, 2024 (the DBNY Closing Date ), we entered into a loan financing and servicing agreement (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement ), among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC OSCF Lending IV SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, we, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch DBNY ), as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian, pursuant to which DBNY has agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending IV SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to 300 million (the DBNY Facility Amount at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a three-year reinvestment period (the DBNY Availability Period ). Borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in EUR, AUD, CAD, GBP or USD and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of, for any accrual period and any lender, (i) the applicable margin and (ii) the cost of funds rate for such accrual period and such lender. The applicable margin will be 2.40 per annum prior to the end of the DBNY Availability Period and 3.05 per annum thereafter; provided that, on and after the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement), the applicable margin shall be increased by 2.00 per annum. The cost of funds rate will be, (a) for each conduit lender, the lower of (x) such conduit lender s Commercial Paper Rate (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement) and (y) the SOFR for a three-month tenor as quoted by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (which shall in no event be lower than 0.25 ), and (b) for each committed lender, the base rate determined by reference to the applicable benchmark index depending on the currency denomination of the advances. 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending IV SPV under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending IV SPV, including loans it has made or acquired (the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans ), except for certain Retained Interests (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement). Under the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending IV SPV, as borrower, and we, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans, as well as our businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. Borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement are subject to various covenants under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement. 
 
 The DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, DBNY, as facility agent, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding borrowings and all other obligations under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, including consent of DBNY, as facility agent, OSCF Lending IV SPV may (i) propose increases in the DBNY Facility Amount up to an amount not to exceed 1 billion in the aggregate, (ii) add additional lender groups and/or (iii) increase the commitment of any lender group with the consent of such lender group. The DBNY Facility Amount may, subject to certain conditions, including consent of DBNY, as facility agent, be so increased to 400 million on the earlier of (x) the one year anniversary of the DBNY Closing Date and (y) the date selected by OSCF Lending IV SPV (via written notice to DBNY, as facility agent) to so increase the DBNY Facility Amount. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 100.0 million outstanding under the DBNY Loan Financing and Serving Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.72 . We recorded 4,541 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the DBNY Loan Financing and Serving Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 96 

MS SPV Facility 
 
 On February 23, 2024 (the MS Closing Date ), we entered into a loan and servicing agreement (as amended and/or 
 restated from time to time, the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement ), among OSCF Lending II SPV, LLC OSCF Lending II SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, we, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc. MS ), as the administrative agent, pursuant to which MS has agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending II SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to 200 million (the MS Maximum Commitment at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The MS Loan and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a three-year reinvestment period (the MS Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is five years after the MS Closing Date. Advances under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus 2.35 during the MS Availability Period and 2.85 thereafter; provided that the applicable margin shall be increased by 2.00 per annum (i) during the existence of a Specified Event of Default (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement), (ii) upon written notice from MS, as administrative agent (at the direction of required lenders) to OSCF Lending II SPV and us during the existence of any other Event of Default (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement) or (iii) after a Facility Maturity Date (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement). 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending II SPV under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending II SPV, including certain loans it has made or acquired (such loans, the OSCF Lending II SPV Loans ), except for certain Retained Interests (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement). Under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending II SPV, as borrower, and we, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending II SPV Loans, as well as our businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. 
 
 The MS Loan and Servicing Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, MS, as administrative agent may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding loans and all other obligations under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 Borrowings under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement are subject to various covenants under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 25.0 million outstanding under the MS Loan and Serving Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, our borrowings under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.68 . We recorded 1,649 of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the MS Loan and Serving Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 2028 Unsecured Notes 
 
 On November 14, 2023, we issued 350 million aggregate principal amount of our 8.400 Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Unsecured Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 14, 2023 (the Base Indenture ), between us and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the Notes Trustee ), and a first supplemental indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Indenture to the Base Indenture. 
 
 The 2028 Unsecured Notes mature on November 14, 2028, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The 2028 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.400 per year payable semi-annually in arrears on May 14 and November 14 of each year, commencing on May 14, 2024. The 2028 Unsecured Notes are our direct, unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to our future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2028 Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to our existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that we later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 97 

The Indenture contains certain covenants, including a covenant requiring us to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2028 Unsecured Notes and the Notes Trustee if we should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 In connection with the 2028 Unsecured Notes, we entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rate payable on the 2028 Unsecured Notes with our investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we receive a fixed interest rate of 8.400 and pay a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus 4.0405 on a notional amount of 350 million. 
 
 The below table presents the components of the carrying value of the 2028 Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) Principal 350.0 Unamortized financing costs (3.7) Unaccreted discount (1.5) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment 12.4 Net carrying value 357.2 Fair Value 378.6 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2028 Unsecured Notes for the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) Year ended September 30, 2024 Coupon interest 25.8 Amortization of financing costs and discount 1.1 Effect of interest rate swap 3.4 Total interest expense 30.3 Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 9.340 
 2029 Unsecured Notes 
 On July 23, 2024, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.500 Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Unsecured Notes pursuant to the Base Indenture and a second supplemental indenture (the Second Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture. 
 The 2029 Unsecured Notes mature on July 23, 2029, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The 2029 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.500 per year payable semi-annually in arrears on January 23 and July 23 of each year, commencing on January 23, 2025. The 2029 Unsecured Notes are our direct, unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to our future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2029 Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to our existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that we later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including a covenant requiring us to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2029 Unsecured Notes and the Notes Trustee if we should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture. 
 In connection with the 2029 Unsecured Notes, we entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rate payable on the 2029 Unsecured Notes with its investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we receive a fixed interest rate of 6.500 and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus 2.5954 on a notional amount of 400 million. 
 
 98 

The below table presents the components of the carrying value of the 2029 Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 in millions) Principal 400.0 Unamortized financing costs (4.8) Unaccreted discount (2.3) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment 9.2 Net carrying value 402.1 Fair Value 412.0 
 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2029 Unsecured Notes for the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 in millions) Year ended September 30, 2024 Coupon interest 4.9 Amortization of financing costs and discount 0.3 Effect of interest rate swap 1.2 Total interest expense 6.4 Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 7.990 
 Regulated Investment Company Status and Distributions 
 We anticipate that we will make quarterly distributions of at least 90 of our realized net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses, if any, then available for distribution, each as determined by our Board in accordance with applicable law. Any distributions will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We expect quarterly distributions to be paid from income primarily generated by interest earned on our investments, although distributions to shareholders may also include a return of capital. 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to be treated, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain RIC qualification, we must distribute to our shareholders, for each tax year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for that year. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we intend to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: (1) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year; (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and, (3) any undistributed ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax less certain over-distributions in prior years. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long term capital gains in excess of short term capital losses), if any, at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment, pay U.S. federal income tax on such amounts at regular corporate tax rates, and elect to treat such gains as deemed distributions to shareholders. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, to the extent that we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the Investment Company Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income and net capital gain earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income or net capital gain for distribution in the following year and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. Distributions will be appropriately adjusted for any taxes payable by us or any direct or indirect subsidiary through which it invests (including any corporate, state, local, non-U.S. and withholding taxes). Any Incentive Fee to be paid to our Adviser will not be reduced to take into account any such taxes. 
 We may generate qualified net interest income or qualified net short-term capital gains that may be exempt from U.S. withholding tax when distributed to foreign shareholders. A RIC is permitted to designate distributions of qualified net interest income and qualified short-term capital gains as exempt from U.S. withholding tax when paid to non-U.S. shareholders with proper documentation. 
 99 

Recent Developments 
 Share Issuances 
 
 On October 1, 2024, we issued and sold pursuant to our continuous public offering 2,326,121 Class I shares for proceeds of 54.8 million, 1,414,999 Class S shares for proceeds of 33.3 million and 2,547 Class D shares for proceeds of 0.1 million. 
 
 On November 1, 2024, we issued and sold pursuant to our continuous public offering 2,314,181 Class I shares for proceeds of 54.5 million, 995,877 Class S shares for proceeds of 23.5 million and 23,355 Class D shares for proceeds of 0.6 million. 
 Distributions 
 
 On October 24, 2024, our Board of Trustees declared a regular distribution on our outstanding Common Shares in the amount per share set forth below: Gross Distribution Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee Net Distribution Class I shares 0.2000 0.2000 Class S shares 0.2000 0.0167 0.1833 Class D shares 0.2000 0.0049 0.1951 
 
 The distribution was payable to shareholders of record as of October 30, 2024 and was paid on November 26, 2024. The distribution was paid in cash or reinvested in Common Shares for shareholders participating in our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 On November 26, 2024, our Board of Trustees declared a regular distribution on our outstanding Common Shares in the amount per share set forth below: 
 Gross Distribution Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee Net Distribution Class I shares 0.2000 0.2000 Class S shares 0.2000 0.0167 0.1833 Class D shares 0.2000 0.0049 0.1951 
 
 The distribution is payable to shareholders of record as of November 27, 2024 and will be paid on or about December 27, 2024. The distribution will be paid in cash or reinvested in Common Shares for shareholders participating in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 

100 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in the valuations of our investment portfolio and interest rates. 
 Valuation Risk 
 Our investments often do not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our Adviser, as the valuation designee appointed by our Board of Trustees pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith and valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of judgment. In addition, our valuation methodology utilizes discount rates in part in valuing our investments, and changes in those discount rates may have an impact on the valuation of our investments. Accordingly, valuations by us do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. Estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments, cash and cash equivalents and idle funds investments. Our risk management procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and to continually monitor these risks. Our investment income will be affected by changes in various interest rates, including SOFR, EURIBOR, SONIA, NIBOR and prime rates, to the extent our debt investments include floating interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 92.0 of our debt investment portfolio at fair value bore interest at floating rates. As of September 30, 2023, 89.6 of our debt investment portfolio at fair value bore interest at floating rates. The composition of our floating rate debt investments by interest rate floor as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 in thousands) Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio 0 1,213,996 29.01 248,903 14.50 >0 and 1 299,686 7.16 183,272 10.67 Total 4,184,708 100.00 1,716,908 100.00 
 Based on our Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024, the following table shows the approximate annualized net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (excluding the impact of any potential incentive fees) of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in our investment and capital structure. However, there can be no assurances our portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels of increases in interest rates. 
 Basis point increase in thousands) Increase in Interest Income (Increase) in Interest Expense Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 250 105,746 (46,125) 59,621 200 84,597 (36,900) 47,697 150 63,448 (27,675) 35,773 100 42,298 (18,450) 23,848 50 21,149 (9,225) 11,924 
 101 

Basis point decrease in thousands) (Decrease) in Interest Income Decrease in Interest Expense Net (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 50 (21,149) 9,225 (11,924) 100 (42,298) 18,450 (23,848) 150 (63,448) 27,675 (35,773) 200 (84,453) 36,900 (47,553) 250 (105,025) 46,125 (58,900) 
 
 We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on this review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for primarily all floating rate loans is indexed to the SOFR and/or an alternate base rate, which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower s option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. The following table shows a comparison of the interest rate base for our outstanding debt investments, at principal, and our outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 in thousands) Debt Investments Borrowings Debt Investments Borrowings Prime rate 4,826 LIBOR 90 day 8,940 EURIBOR 30 day 21,000 90 day 182,623 16,530 180 day 34,034 15,266 NIBOR 90 day kr 69,157 SOFR 30 day 1,333,464 515,000 761,709 320,000 90 day (a) 2,284,431 1,330,000 877,157 125,000 180 day 213,125 30,006 SONIA 116,493 26,556 Fixed rate 366,758 216,996 
 _____________________ 
 (a) Borrowings include the 2028 Unsecured Notes and 2029 Unsecured Notes, which effectively pay interest at a floating rate under the terms of the interest rate swap. 
 102 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 104 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 105 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 
 107 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 
 108 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 
 109 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2024 
 111 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2023 
 122 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 130 

103 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and for the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 by correspondence with the custodians, syndication agents, underlying investees and others; when replies were not received from syndication agents, underlying investees and others, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

December 18, 2024 
 104 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 ASSETS Assets: Investments Non-control/Non-affiliate, at fair value (cost September 30, 2024: ; cost September 30, 2023: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Due from affiliates Interest receivable Receivables from unsettled transactions Deferred financing costs Deferred offering costs Derivative assets at fair value Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Dividends payable Base management fee and incentive fee payable Payable for share repurchases Due to broker Due to affiliates Interest payable Payables from unsettled transactions Director fees payable Derivative liabilities at fair value Deferred tax liability Credit facilities payable Unsecured notes payable (net of of unamortized financing costs as of September 30, 2024) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Net assets: Common shares, par value per share; unlimited shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated distributable earnings (loss) ) ) Total net assets (equivalent to and per common share as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively) (Note 10) 
 Total liabilities and net assets 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 105 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Class I Shares: Net assets Common shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share Class S Shares: Net assets Common shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share Class D Shares: Net assets Common shares outstanding par value, unlimited shares authorized) 
 Net asset value per share 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 106 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to 
 September 30, 2022 
 Interest income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Interest on cash and cash equivalents Total interest income PIK interest income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Total PIK interest income Fee income: Non-control/Non-affiliate investments 
 Total fee income Total investment income Expenses: Base management fee Investment income incentive fee Capital gains incentive fee Professional fees Class S and Class D distribution and shareholder servicing fees Board of trustees fees Organization expenses Amortization of continuous offering costs Interest expense Administrator expense General and administrative expenses Total expenses Management and incentive fees waived (Note 9) ) ) Expense reimbursements (support) (Note 9) ) Net expenses Net investment income Unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Realized gains (losses): Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses), net of taxes ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 107 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to 
 September 30, 2022 
 Operations: Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Distributions to common shareholders: Class I ) ) ) Class S ) ) ) Class D ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from distributions ) ) ) Share transactions: Class I: Issuance of Common shares in public offering Share transfers between classes Issuance of Common shares under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase from share transactions Class S: Issuance of Common shares in public offering Share transfers between classes ) Issuance of Common shares under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchased shares, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase from share transactions Class D: Issuance of Common shares in public offering Issuance of Common shares under dividend reinvestment plan Net increase from share transactions Total increase (decrease) in net assets Net assets at beginning of period Net assets at end of period Net asset value per common share Common shares outstanding at end of period 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 108 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 Operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) ) Net realized (gains) losses ) PIK interest income ) ) ) Accretion of original issue discount on investments ) ) ) Accretion of original issue discount on unsecured notes payable Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of deferred offering costs Deferred taxes ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in due from affiliates ) (Increase) decrease in interest receivable ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in receivables from unsettled transactions ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Increase (decrease) in base management fee and incentive fees payable Increase (decrease) in due to broker Increase (decrease) in due to affiliates ) Increase (decrease) in interest payable Increase (decrease) in payables from unsettled transactions ) Increase (decrease) in director fees payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Distributions paid in cash ) ) ) Borrowings under credit facilities Repayments of borrowings under credit facilities ) ) ) Borrowings of secured borrowings Proceeds from secured borrowings ) Issuance of unsecured notes Proceeds from issuance of common shares Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Deferred offering costs paid ) ) ) Share repurchases paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental information: Cash paid for interest Non-cash financing activities: Deferred financing costs incurred Deferred offering costs incurred Distribution payable Reinvestment of dividends during the period Shares repurchases accrued but not yet paid 
 109 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Reconciliation to the Statements of Assets and Liabilities September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 110 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (7) 107 Fair Street LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 11/17/2024 (8)(9)(11) 107-109 Beech OAK22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Revolver 2/27/2026 (8)(9) 112-126 Van Houten Real22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 11/4/2024 (8)(9)(11) 37 Capital CLO 4 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/15/2034 (5)(10) AB BSL CLO 4 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2036 (5)(10) Access CIG, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5) Accession Risk Management Group, Inc. Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Accession Risk Management Group, Inc. Insurance Brokers First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/30/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) ACESO Holding 4 S.A.R.L. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/27/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) ACESO Holding 4 S.A.R.L. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/27/2031 (5)(8)(10) ACP Falcon Buyer Inc Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/1/2029 (5)(8) ACP Falcon Buyer Inc Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/1/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/31/2025 (5)(8) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 (5)(8)(10) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) AIMCO CLO 12 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/17/2032 (5)(10) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Common Stock (8) Allegro CLO XII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/21/2037 (5)(10) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/14/2027 (5)(8) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Warrants (8) American Auto Auction Group, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/30/2027 (5) American Auto Auction Group, LLC Diversified Support Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/2/2029 (5)(8) AmSpec Parent LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/5/2030 ) (5)(8)(9) AmSpec Parent LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/5/2030 (5)(8) AmSpec Parent LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/5/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) Anchorage Capital CLO 16, LTD Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/19/2035 (5)(10) Anchorage Capital CLO 20, LTD. Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/20/2035 (5)(10) Arches Buyer Inc. Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/6/2027 (5)(8) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/17/2031 (5)(8)(10) Ares LXVIII CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/25/2035 (5)(10) Ares XLIV CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/15/2034 (5)(10) Artera Services, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2031 (5) Artera Services, LLC Construction Engineering Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2031 ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (5)(8)(10) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/25/2028 (5) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/25/2028 (5)(8)(12) 
 111 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 (5) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 (5) athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5) athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Preferred Equity (8) Aurelia Netherlands Midco 2 B.V. Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 5/29/2031 (5)(8)(10) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/19/2028 (5)(8) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/19/2028 ) (5)(8)(9) Bain Capital Credit CLO 2022-3 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/17/2035 (5)(10) Bain Capital Credit CLO, Limited Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2034 (5)(10) Bain Capital Euro CLO 2021-2 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 7/17/2034 (5)(10) Ballyrock CLO 19 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2035 (5)(10) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8)(9) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Bausch + Lomb Corporation Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/10/2027 (5)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2027 (5)(8)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2027 (5)(8)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (8)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (8)(10) Biscuit Parent, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2031 (5)(8) Biscuit Parent, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/27/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/12/2029 (5) BMC Software Inc Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/30/2031 (5) Canyon CLO 2020-3 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/15/2037 (5)(10) Carlyle Euro CLO 2021-2 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 10/15/2035 (5)(10) CBAM 2017-2, LTD. Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/17/2034 (5)(10) CD R Firefly Bidco Limited Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 6/21/2028 (5)(10) CD R Firefly Bidco Limited Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 6/21/2028 (5)(10) Centralsquare Technologies, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/12/2030 (5)(8) Centralsquare Technologies, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/12/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CIFC European Funding VI Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 10/15/2037 (5)(10) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/21/2028 (5)(10) Cloud Software Group, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/21/2031 (5) 
 112 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Cloud Software Group, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 (5) Cloud Software Group, Inc. Application Software Fixed Rate Bond 3/31/2029 Colony Holding Corporation Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/13/2026 (5)(8) Colony Holding Corporation Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/13/2026 (5)(8) Condor Merger Sub Inc. Systems Software Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 CoreRx, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2029 (5)(8) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 (5)(8) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 ) (5)(8)(9) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/27/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (5) Crewline Buyer, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/8/2030 (5)(8) Crewline Buyer, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/8/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/31/2029 (5)(10) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 (5)(8) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CVC Cordatus Loan Fund XXXI Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 6/15/2037 (5)(10) Dealer Tire Financial, LLC Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 2/1/2028 Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Subordinated Debt Term Loan 8/31/2029 (8)(9)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Subordinated Debt Term Loan 8/31/2029 (8)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (8)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (8)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (8)(10) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2027 (5) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2029 (5) DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (5) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8)(9) Eagle Parent Corp. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/2/2029 (5) Engineering Research And Consulting LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/29/2031 (5)(8) Entrata, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/10/2030 (5)(8) Entrata, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 7/10/2028 ) (5)(8)(9) 
 113 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Enverus Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/24/2029 (5)(8) Enverus Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/24/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) Enverus Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/24/2029 (5)(8)(9) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(9)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(9)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(10) Everbridge, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/2/2031 (5)(8)(9) Everbridge, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/2/2031 (5)(8) Everbridge, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 7/2/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Eyesouth Eye Care Holdco LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2029 (5)(8) Eyesouth Eye Care Holdco LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Eyesouth Eye Care Holdco LLC Health Care Services Common Stock (8)(14) Fiesta Purchaser, Inc. Packaged Foods Meats First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/12/2031 (5) Fiesta Purchaser, Inc. Packaged Foods Meats Fixed Rate Bond 3/1/2031 Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (5)(8)(10) Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (5)(8)(9)(10) Fortress Credit BSL XIV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/23/2034 (5)(10) Fortress Credit BSL XIX Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/24/2036 (5)(10) Fortress Credit BSL XV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/18/2033 (5)(10) Fortress Credit BSL XX Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/23/2037 (5)(10) Fortress Credit BSL XXV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/24/2037 (5)(10) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8)(9) Gallatin CLO X 2023-1 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/14/2035 (5)(10) Global Aircraft Leasing Co Ltd Trading Companies Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 9/1/2027 (10) Greenway Health, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/1/2029 (5)(8) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 (5)(8) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 (5)(8) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (5) 
 114 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (5)(8)(10) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (5)(8)(10) Henley CLO II Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 1/25/2034 (5)(10) HPS Loan Management 10-2016 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2034 (5)(10) Husky Injection Molding Systems Ltd. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2029 (10) Husky Injection Molding Systems Ltd. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5)(10) IAMGOLD Corporation Gold Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/16/2028 (5)(8)(10) Icefall Parent, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/25/2030 (5)(8) Icefall Parent, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/25/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8)(9) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8)(9) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology Warrants (8)(10) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/28/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/25/2028 (5)(8) Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/28/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (5)(8) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/30/2025 ) ) (5)(8)(9) IW Buyer LLC Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/28/2029 (5)(8) IW Buyer LLC Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/28/2029 (5)(8) IW Buyer LLC Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/28/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Janus Bidco Limited Application Software First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 4/25/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Janus Bidco Limited Application Software First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 4/25/2031 (5)(8)(10) Janus Bidco Limited Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/25/2031 (5)(8)(10) JN Bidco LLC Health Care Technology Common Stock (8) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver PRIME+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8)(9) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver PRIME+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8)(9) LABL, Inc. Office Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2028 (5) Latam Airlines Group S.A. Passenger Airlines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/12/2027 (5)(10) Learfield Communications, LLC Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2028 (5) Legends Hospitality Holding Company, LLC Specialized Consumer Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Legends Hospitality Holding Company, LLC Specialized Consumer Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2031 (5)(8) 
 115 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Legends Hospitality Holding Company, LLC Specialized Consumer Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/22/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8)(9) LTI Holdings Inc Electronic Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/29/2029 (5)(10) M2S Group Intermediate Holdings Inc Multi-Sector Holdings First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/25/2031 (5) Madison Park Euro Funding XIV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 7/15/2032 (5)(10) Madison Park Funding LXIII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/21/2035 (5)(10) Marble Point CLO XVII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/20/2037 (5)(10) Mauser Packaging Solutions Holding Co Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2027 Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 11/19/2026 (8)(10) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (5)(8) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (5)(8) Microf Funding V LLC Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/3/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. Financial Exchanges Data First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/3/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. Financial Exchanges Data First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/3/2030 (5)(8)(10) Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. Financial Exchanges Data First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/3/2030 (5)(8)(10) Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. Financial Exchanges Data First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/3/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Mitchell International Inc Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/17/2032 (5) Mitchell International Inc Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/17/2031 (5) Modena Buyer LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/1/2031 (5) Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/28/2031 ) (5)(8)(9) Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/28/2031 (5)(8) Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/28/2030 ) (5)(8)(9) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (5)(8) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (5)(8)(9) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (5)(8) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (5)(8) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/10/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Neptune Platform Buyer, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Neptune Platform Buyer, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2031 (5)(8) Next Holdco, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/12/2030 ) (5)(8)(9) Next Holdco, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/12/2030 (5)(8) Next Holdco, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/9/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) 
 116 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes NFM J, L.P. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2029 (5)(8)(9) NFM J, L.P. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2029 (5)(8) NFM J, L.P. Diversified Support Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/10/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8)(9) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan NIBOR+ 5/3/2029 kr (5)(8) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8)(9) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8)(9) Northwoods Capital 25 Ltd Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/20/2034 (5)(10) Northwoods Capital XV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 6/20/2034 (5)(10) Ocean Trails CLO XIV Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/20/2035 (5)(10) Octagon 66 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 11/16/2036 (5)(10) OFSI BSL XIII CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2037 (5)(10) OFSI Fund Ltd Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2034 (5)(10) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/10/2030 (5)(8)(9) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/10/2030 (5)(8) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/10/2030 (5)(8) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/11/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2029 (5)(8) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2029 (5)(8) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/1/2029 ) (5)(8)(9) OZLM XXIII Ltd Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/15/2034 (5)(10) Peraton Corp. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2028 (5) PetSmart LLC Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/11/2028 (5) PetVet Care Centers, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/15/2030 (5)(8) PetVet Care Centers, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/15/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) PetVet Care Centers, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/15/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) PetVet Care Centers, LLC Health Care Services Preferred Equity (8) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2029 (5)(8) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2029 (5)(8)(9) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2029 (5)(8) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/22/2029 (5)(8) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/22/2029 (5)(8)(9) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software Common Stock (8) Poseidon Midco AB Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan E+ 5/16/2031 (5)(8)(9)(10) 
 117 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Poseidon Midco AB Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan E+ 5/16/2031 (5)(8)(10) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5)(8) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5)(8) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5)(8)(9) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Floating Rate Bond SOFR+ 1/23/2029 (5)(8)(10) Project Accelerate Parent, LLC Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/24/2031 (5)(8) Project Accelerate Parent, LLC Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/24/2031 ) (5)(8)(9) Protein for Pets Opco, LLC Packaged Foods Meats First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/20/2030 (5)(8) Protein for Pets Opco, LLC Packaged Foods Meats First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/20/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8)(10) Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8)(9)(10) Renaissance Holding Corp. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2030 (5) Resistance Acquisition, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2028 (5)(8) Rockford Tower CLO 2024-1 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2037 (5)(10) RR 24 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/15/2036 (5)(10) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2026 (5)(8) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/7/2026 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services Warrants (8) Saratoga Diversified Financial Services Credit Linked Note SOFR+ 12/31/2029 (5)(8)(10)(15) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. Diversified Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/16/2027 (5) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. Diversified Chemicals Fixed Rate Bond 5/1/2028 scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (8) Secure Acquisition Inc. Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/16/2028 (5) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8)(9) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan PRIME+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8)(9) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/17/2028 (5)(8) Sorenson Communications, LLC Communications Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2029 (5)(8) Sorenson Communications, LLC Communications Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/19/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2027 (5) 
 118 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Staples, Inc. Office Services Supplies Fixed Rate Bond 9/1/2029 Staples, Inc. Office Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/4/2029 (5) Star Parent, Inc. Life Sciences Tools Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/27/2030 (5) SumUp Holdings Luxembourg Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 4/25/2031 (5)(8)(9)(10) SupplyOne Inc. Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/19/2031 (5) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/31/2026 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. Wireless Telecommunication Services Subordinated Debt Term Loan SOFR+ 5/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. Wireless Telecommunication Services Subordinated Debt Term Loan SOFR+ 5/1/2029 (5)(8)(10) Ten-X LLC Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/26/2028 (5)(8) THL Zinc Ventures Ltd Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan 5/23/2026 (8)(10) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (5)(8) Transit Buyer LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2029 (5)(8) Transit Buyer LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2029 (5)(8)(9) Transit Buyer LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2029 (5)(8) Trident TPI Holdings Inc Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/15/2028 (5) Trinitas CLO VI Ltd. Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/25/2034 (5)(10) Trinitas CLO XII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/25/2033 (5)(10) Trinitas CLO XIX Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/23/2033 (5)(10) Trinitas CLO XV DAC Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/22/2034 (5)(10) Truck-Lite Co., LLC Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/13/2031 ) (5)(8)(9) Truck-Lite Co., LLC Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/13/2031 (5)(8) Truck-Lite Co., LLC Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/13/2030 ) (5)(8)(9) Usalco LLC Commodity Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2031 ) (5)(9) Usalco LLC Commodity Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2031 (5) USIC Holdings, Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/10/2031 (5)(8)(9) USIC Holdings, Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/10/2031 (5)(8) USIC Holdings, Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/10/2031 (5)(8)(9) Venture 41 CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 1/20/2034 (5)(10) Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/9/2029 (8)(10) Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/9/2029 (8)(10) Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2025 (8)(9)(10)(13) Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/9/2029 (8)(9)(10) Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/9/2029 (8)(9)(10) 
 119 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Verona Pharma, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/9/2029 (8)(10)(13) Violin Finco Guernsey Limited Asset Management Custody Banks First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 6/6/2031 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Violin Finco Guernsey Limited Asset Management Custody Banks First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 6/6/2031 (5)(8)(10) WAVE 2019-1 Specialized Finance CLO Notes 9/15/2044 (10) Wellfleet CLO 2022-2, Ltd. Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/18/2035 (5)(10) Wind River 2020-1 CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 7/20/2037 (5)(10) Wind River 2024-1 CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2037 (5)(10) Woodmont 2022-9 Trust Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/25/2036 (5)(10) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/29/2029 (5)(8) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/28/2029 (5)(8) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/28/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Restricted Cash Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 

Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation /(Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 11/7/2024 Bank of New York Mellon ) Foreign currency forward contract 11/7/2024 Bank of New York Mellon ) Foreign currency forward contract kr 11/7/2024 Bank of New York Mellon ) ) 
 
 Derivative Instrument Company Receives Company Pays Counterparty Maturity Date Notional Amount Fair Value Interest rate swap Fixed 
 Floating 3-month SOFR + 
 BNP Paribas 
 11/14/2028 Interest rate swap Fixed 
 Floating 3-month SOFR + 
 BNP Paribas 
 7/23/2029 
 120 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

(1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) to . SOFR and SONIA based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) of the Company s total assets and non-qualifying assets represented of the Company s total assets. 
 (11) 
 (12) 
 (13) 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 121 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (7) 107-109 Beech OAK22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Revolver 2/27/2026 (8)(9) 107 Fair Street LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 5/31/2024 (8)(9)(11) 112-126 Van Houten Real22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 5/4/2024 (8)(9)(11) AB BSL CLO 4 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/20/2036 (5)(10) Access CIG, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5) ACP Falcon Buyer Inc Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/1/2029 (5)(8) ACP Falcon Buyer Inc Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 (5)(8)(10) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) AI Sirona (Luxembourg) Acquisition S.a.r.l. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/30/2028 (5)(10) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/21/2029 (5)(8) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Common Stock (8) Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/14/2026 (5)(10) Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 10/15/2029 (10) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/14/2027 (5)(8) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Warrants (8) American Auto Auction Group, LLC Consumer Finance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/2/2029 (5)(8) American Rock Salt Company LLC Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/9/2028 (5) American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/20/2028 (5) Amynta Agency Borrower Inc. Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/28/2028 (5) Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2025 (5) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan E+ 7/14/2026 (5)(8)(10) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/14/2026 (5)(8)(9)(10) ARES LXIV CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/15/2035 (5)(10) ARES LXVIII CLO Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/25/2035 (5)(10) Arsenal AIC Parent LLC Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2030 (5) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (5)(8)(10) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/25/2028 (5) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 (5) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 (5) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/20/2029 (5) 
 122 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5) athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Preferred Equity (8) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/19/2028 (5)(8) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/19/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/30/2030 (5)(8) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Bamboo US Bidco LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Bausch + Lomb Corp Health Care Supplies Fixed Rate Bond 10/1/2028 (10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (8)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (8)(9)(10)(12) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (8)(9)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (8)(9)(10)(12) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (8)(9)(10) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (8)(9)(10)(12) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (8)(10) CCO Holdings LLC Cable Satellite Fixed Rate Bond 5/1/2032 (10) CD R Firefly Bidco Limited Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 6/21/2028 (5)(10) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/21/2026 (5)(10) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2027 (10) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 9/15/2028 (10) Colony Holding Corporation Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/13/2026 (5)(8) Colony Holding Corporation Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/13/2026 (5)(8) Condor Merger Sub Inc. Systems Software Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 (5)(8) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/27/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (5) Cuppa Bidco BV Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages First Lien Term Loan E+ 7/30/2029 (5)(10) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/31/2029 (5)(10) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 (5)(8) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) CVAUSA Management, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/22/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Dealer Tire Financial, LLC Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/14/2027 (5) 
 123 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Subordinated Debt Term Loan 8/31/2029 (8)(9)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (8)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (8)(10) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (8)(10) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2027 (5) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2027 DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (5) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8)(9) Dukes Root Control Inc. Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/8/2028 (5)(8)(9) Entrata, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/10/2030 (5)(8) Entrata, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 7/10/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(9)(10) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (8)(9)(10) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/29/2030 (5)(8) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/29/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (5)(8)(10) Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (5)(8)(9)(10) Frontier Communications Holdings, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/8/2027 (5)(10) Frontier Communications Holdings, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 1/15/2030 (10) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8)(9) Gallatin CLO X 2023-1 Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/14/2035 (5)(10) Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2028 (5)(8) Global Aircraft Leasing Co Ltd Trading Companies Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 9/15/2024 (10) GoldenTree Loan Management EUR CLO 2 DAC Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 1/20/2032 (5)(10) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 (5)(8) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (5) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (5)(8)(10) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (5)(8)(10) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 ) ) (5)(8)(9)(10) Hertz Vehicle Financing III Specialized Finance CLO Notes 6/26/2028 (10) Hertz Vehicle Financing III Specialized Finance CLO Notes 9/25/2028 (10) Horizon Aircraft Finance I Ltd. Specialized Finance CLO Notes 12/15/2038 (10) 
 124 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Horizon Aircraft Finance II Ltd. Specialized Finance CLO Notes 7/15/2039 (10) HUB Pen Company, LLC Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2027 (5)(8) HUB Pen Company, LLC Other Specialty Retail First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/31/2027 (5)(8)(9) IAMGOLD Corporation Gold Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/16/2028 (5)(8)(10) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8)(9) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (5)(8)(9) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (5)(8) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (5)(8) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (5)(8)(9) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology Warrants Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/26/2027 (5)(8)(10) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/26/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/26/2027 (5)(8)(9)(10) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology Warrants (8)(10) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (5)(8) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/30/2025 ) ) (5)(8)(9) IW Buyer LLC Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/28/2029 (5)(8) IW Buyer LLC Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/28/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) KDC/ONE Development Corp Inc Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2028 (5)(10) Kindercare Learning Centers Kindercare Portfolio Diversified Real Estate Activities CLO Notes SOFR+ 8/15/2038 (5)(10) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (5)(8)(9) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/29/2027 ) ) (5)(8)(9) LABL, Inc. Office Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2028 (5) Latam Airlines Group S.A. Passenger Airlines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/12/2027 (5)(10) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/31/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Madison Park Funding LXIII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/21/2035 (5)(10) Mauser Packaging Solutions Holding Company Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/14/2026 (5) Mauser Packaging Solutions Holding Company Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2026 McAfee Corp. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/1/2029 (5) Medline Borrower, LP Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/23/2028 (5) 
 125 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 11/19/2026 (8)(10) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (5)(8) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (5)(8) Mitchell International, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2028 (5) Mitchell International, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2029 (5) MND Holdings III Corp Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/9/2028 (5)(8) MND Holdings III Corp Other Specialty Retail First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/9/2028 (5)(8)(9) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (5)(8) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (5)(8) New Enterprise Stone Lime Co Inc Construction Materials Fixed Rate Bond 7/15/2028 NFP Corp. Diversified Financial Services Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2028 NFP Corp. Diversified Financial Services Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2028 NFP Corp. Diversified Financial Services Fixed Rate Bond 10/1/2031 North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (5)(8) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) North Star Acquisitionco, LLC Education Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) OEConnection LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/25/2027 (5)(8) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/9/2030 (5)(8) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/9/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) OneOncology, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/9/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2029 (5)(8) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/1/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2027 (5) Peraton Corp. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2028 (5) PetSmart LLC Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/11/2028 (5) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (5)(8) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (5)(8)(9) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (5)(8) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/15/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/4/2025 (5)(8) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/4/2025 (5)(8) Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 1/31/2028 (5)(8)(10) 
 126 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes Renaissance Holding Corp. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/7/2030 (5) Resistance Acquisition, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2028 (5)(8) Resistance Acquisition, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2028 (5)(8)(9) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2026 (5)(8) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/7/2026 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services Warrants (8) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/16/2027 (5) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. Diversified Metals Mining Fixed Rate Bond 5/1/2028 SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2030 (5)(8) SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2030 ) ) (5)(8)(9) SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock (8) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (5)(8) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (5)(8)(9) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (5)(8)(9) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (8) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/27/2028 (5)(8)(9) SEI Holding I Corporation Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 3/27/2028 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (5)(8)(10) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (5)(8)(10) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (5)(8)(9)(10) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (5)(8)(9)(10) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (8)(10) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/17/2028 (5)(8) Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2027 (5) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 (5) Star Parent, Inc. Life Sciences Tools Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/28/2030 (5) Sunshine Luxembourg VII Sarl Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/1/2026 (5)(10) Superior Industries International, Inc. Auto Parts Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/16/2028 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8)(9) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (5)(8) Tacala, LLC Restaurants First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/5/2027 (5) Tacala, LLC Restaurants Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/4/2028 (5) Ten-X LLC Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/26/2028 (5)(8) 
 127 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (4)(5) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (6) Cost Fair Value Notes THL Zinc Ventures Ltd Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan 5/23/2026 (8)(10) TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 (5) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (5)(8) Transit Buyer LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2029 (5)(8) Transit Buyer LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2029 ) ) (5)(8)(9) Trident TPI Holdings, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/15/2028 (5) Trinitas CLO XII Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/25/2033 (5)(10) Trinitas CLO XV DAC Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/22/2034 (5)(10) Uniti Group LP Other Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2029 (10) Uniti Group LP Other Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2028 (10) WAVE 2019-1 Specialized Finance CLO Notes 9/15/2044 Wellfleet CLO 2022-2, Ltd. Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 10/18/2035 (5)(10) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/30/2025 (5) WWEX Uni Topco Holdings, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/26/2028 (5) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 

Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation /(Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 Bank of New York Mellon Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 Bank of New York Mellon 
 128 

Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) to . SOFR and SONIA based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) of the Company s total assets and non-qualifying assets represented of the Company s total assets. 
 (11) 
 (12) 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

129 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 1. 
 per share Common Shares ). The Company offers on a continuous basis up to billion aggregate offering price of Common Shares (the Maximum Offering Amount pursuant to an offering registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company offers to sell any combination of four classes of Common Shares, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the Maximum Offering Amount. The share classes have different ongoing distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 The Company accepted purchase orders and held investors funds in an interest-bearing escrow account until the Company received purchase orders for Common Shares of at least million, excluding subscriptions by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. in respect of the Class I shares purchased by Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. prior to March 31, 2022. 
 
 As of June 1, 2022, the Company had satisfied the minimum offering requirement and the Board had authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class I shares for an aggregate purchase price of million of which million was purchased by an affiliate of the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class S shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class D shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not issued any Class T shares. 

Note 2. 
 130 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

131 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 132 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 133 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 investment on non-accrual status that represented and of total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, there were investments on non-accrual status. 
 In connection with its investment in a portfolio company, the Company sometimes receives nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When the Company receives nominal cost equity, the Company allocates its cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 The Company s investments in debt securities may contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which generally represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company generally ceases accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if the Company does not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. The Company s decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities; financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company; the Company s assessment of the portfolio company s business development success; information obtained by the Company in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company s management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor; and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. The Company s determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before the Company s full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that the Company will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on the Company s debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in the consolidated financial statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by the Company to the Adviser. To maintain its status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to the Company s shareholders, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 Fee Income 
 The Adviser or its affiliates may provide financial advisory services to portfolio companies in connection with structuring a transaction and in return the Company may receive fees for capital structuring services. These fees are generally non-recurring and are recognized by the Company upon the investment closing date. The Company may also receive additional fees in the ordinary course of business, including servicing, amendment, exit and prepayment fees, which are classified as fee income and recognized as they are earned or the services are rendered. 
 Dividend Income 
 The Company generally recognizes dividend income on the ex-dividend date for public securities and the record date for private equity investments. Distributions received from private equity investments are evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, the Company will not record distributions from private equity investments as dividend income unless there are sufficient earnings at the portfolio company prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 million that was held at various collateral custodians in connection with the Company s SPV credit facilities (See Note 6. Borrowings). Pursuant to the terms of the SPV credit facilities, the Company was restricted in terms of access to the million until the occurrence of the periodic distribution dates and, in connection therewith, the Company s submission of its required periodic reporting schedules and verifications of the Company s compliance with the terms of the SPV credit facilities. As of September 30, 2023, included in restricted cash was million that was held at Citibank, N.A. in connection with the Company s JPM Agreements (defined below). Pursuant to the terms of the JPM Agreements, the Company was restricted in terms of access to the million until the occurrence of the periodic distribution dates and, in connection therewith, the Company s submission of its required periodic reporting schedules and verifications of the Company s compliance with the terms of the JPM Agreements. 
 
 134 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 period from incurrence. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company expensed organization costs of and , respectively. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company expensed organization costs of . As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and , respectively, of offering costs were capitalized on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company amortized offering costs of and , respectively. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company amortized offering costs of . 
 Allocation of Income, Expenses, Gains and Losses: 
 Income, expenses (other than those attributable to a specific class), gains and losses are allocated to each class of shares based upon the relative proportion of net assets represented by such class. Operating expenses directly attributable to a specific class are charged against the operations of that class. 
 Distributions: 
 To the extent that the Company has taxable income available, the Company intends to make monthly distributions to its shareholders. Distributions to shareholders are recorded on the record date. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the Board and will depend on the Company s earnings, financial condition, maintenance of the Company s tax treatment as a RIC, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as the Board may deem relevant from time to time. Although the gross distribution per share is generally equivalent for each share class, the net distribution for each share class is reduced for any class specific expenses, including distribution and shareholder servicing fees, if any. 
 135 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

136 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 3. 
 million and was composed of investments in portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2023, the fair value of the Company s investment portfolio was million and was composed of investments in portfolio companies. 
 Subordinated Debt Common Equity and Warrants Preferred Equity Total 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fair Value: of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Senior Secured Debt Subordinated Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity and Warrants Total 
 
 Fixed rate Total 
 
 137 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

United Kingdom Luxembourg Canada Cayman Islands Sweden Netherlands India Costa Rica France Chile Switzerland Australia Total 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Fair Value: of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets United States United Kingdom Luxembourg Canada Cayman Islands Sweden Netherlands India France Costa Rica Chile Switzerland Australia Total 
 138 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Diversified Support Services Systems Software Health Care Services Multi-Sector Holdings Interactive Media Services Aerospace Defense Diversified Financial Services Health Care Technology Pharmaceuticals Education Services Insurance Brokers Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Communications Equipment Office Services Supplies Electrical Components Equipment Trading Companies Distributors Other Specialty Retail Packaged Foods Meats Environmental Facilities Services Wireless Telecommunication Services Construction Engineering Property Casualty Insurance Health Care Supplies Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment Asset Management Custody Banks Specialized Finance Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials Data Processing Outsourced Services Specialized Consumer Services Financial Exchanges Data Life Sciences Tools Services Health Care Equipment Movies Entertainment Diversified Metals Mining Research Consulting Services Health Care Distributors Commodity Chemicals Electronic Components Distributors Gold Real Estate Development Health Care Facilities Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Food Distributors Cable Satellite Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines Diversified Chemicals Consumer Finance Advertising Biotechnology Passenger Airlines Leisure Facilities Personal Care Products Integrated Telecommunication Services Auto Parts Equipment Restaurants Internet Services Infrastructure Air Freight Logistics Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages Leisure Products Diversified Real Estate Activities Other Specialized REITs Construction Materials Total 
 139 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Diversified Support Services Systems Software Health Care Services Multi-Sector Holdings Interactive Media Services Aerospace Defense Diversified Financial Services Health Care Technology Pharmaceuticals Education Services Insurance Brokers Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Communications Equipment Other Specialty Retail Trading Companies Distributors Office Services Supplies Electrical Components Equipment Packaged Foods Meats Environmental Facilities Services Wireless Telecommunication Services Construction Engineering Property Casualty Insurance Health Care Supplies Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment Asset Management Custody Banks Specialized Finance Data Processing Outsourced Services Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials Specialized Consumer Services Financial Exchanges Data Life Sciences Tools Services Health Care Equipment Movies Entertainment Diversified Metals Mining Research Consulting Services Commodity Chemicals Health Care Distributors Gold Distributors Electronic Components Health Care Facilities Real Estate Development Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Food Distributors Cable Satellite Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines Diversified Chemicals Advertising Consumer Finance Biotechnology Passenger Airlines Leisure Facilities Personal Care Products Integrated Telecommunication Services Auto Parts Equipment Restaurants Internet Services Infrastructure Air Freight Logistics Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages Diversified Real Estate Activities Leisure Products Other Specialized REITs Construction Materials Total 
 140 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Subordinated debt (including CLO notes and credit linked notes) Preferred equity Common equity and warrants Total investments at fair value Derivative assets Total assets at fair value 
 Derivative liabilities Total liabilities at fair value 
 The following table presents the financial instruments carried at fair value as of September 30, 2023 on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for each of the three levels of hierarchy established by ASC 820: 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior secured debt Subordinated debt (including CLO notes) Common equity and warrants Preferred equity Total investments at fair value Derivative asset Total assets at fair value 
 
 When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, the determination is based upon the fact that the unobservable factors are significant to the overall fair value measurement. However, Level 3 financial instruments typically have both unobservable or Level 3 components and observable components (i.e. components that are actively quoted and can be validated by external sources). Accordingly, the appreciation (depreciation) in the tables below includes changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. Transfers between levels are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. 
 The principal values of the credit facilities payable approximate fair value due to their variable interest rates and are included in Level 3 of the hierarchy. Oaktree used market quotes as of the valuation date to estimate the fair value of the Company s notes due 2028 and notes due 2029, which are included in Level 2 of the hierarchy. 
 141 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Purchases Sales and repayments ) ) ) Transfers in (a)(b) Transfers out (b) ) ) Capitalized PIK interest income Accretion of OID Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Fair value as of September 30, 2024 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 assets still held at September 30, 2024 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 ) __________ 
 (a) There were transfers into Level 3 from Level 2 for certain investments during the year ended September 30, 2024 as a result of a change in the number of market quotes available and/or a change in market liquidity. 
 (b) There were investment restructurings during the year ended September 30, 2024 in which Level 3 senior secured debt was exchanged for Level 3 common equity. 
 The following table provides a roll-forward of the changes in fair value from September 30, 2022 to September 30, 2023, for all investments for which the Company determined fair value using unobservable (Level 3) factors: 
 Senior Secured Debt Subordinated Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity and Warrants Total Fair value as of September 30, 2022 Purchases Sales and repayments ) ) Transfers in (a) Capitalized PIK interest income Accretion of OID Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Fair value as of September 30, 2023 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 assets still held at September 30, 2023 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2023 
 __________ 
 (a) There were transfers into Level 3 from Level 2 for certain investments during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 as a result of a change in the number of market quotes available and/or a change in market liquidity. 

142 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (e) x - x x Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (e) x - x x Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (c) N/A - N/A N/A Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (d) N/A - N/A N/A Subordinated debt Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Common equity and warrants preferred equity Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (e) x - x x Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (e) x - x x Total 
 _____________________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when a market participant would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 (c) Used when there is an observable transaction or pending event for the investment. 
 (d) The Adviser generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair value determinations for quoted senior secured debt investments. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. The Adviser evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. 
 (e) Used when a market participant would use such multiple when pricing the investment. 
 
 The following table provides quantitative information related to the significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 investments, which were carried at fair value as of September 30, 2023: 
 Asset Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (a) Senior secured debt Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (c) N/A - N/A N/A Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (d) N/A - N/A N/A Subordinated debt Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Common equity and warrants preferred equity Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (e) x - x x Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (e) x - x x Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (c) N/A - N/A N/A Total 
 _____________________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when a market participant would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 (c) Used when there is an observable transaction or pending event for the investment. 
 (d) The Adviser generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair value determinations for quoted senior secured debt investments. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. The Adviser evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. 
 (e) Used when a market participant would use such multiple when pricing the investment. 
 143 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 4. 
 and , respectively, of which and , respectively, was recurring in nature. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company recorded total fee income of , of which was recurring in nature. Recurring fee income consisted of servicing fees. 

Note 5. 
 Issuance of Common Shares in public and private offerings Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Distributions to shareholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Shares repurchased, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) ) ) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Distributions to shareholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Shares repurchased, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) ) ) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Distributions to shareholders ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 144 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 per share par value. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class I shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class S shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and sold Class D shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued Class I shares, Class S shares and Class D shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not issued any Class T shares. 
 Share transfers between classes Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) Class S Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Share transfers between classes ) ) Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) Class D Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) Total net increase (decrease) 
 The following table summarizes transactions in Common Shares for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 Shares Amount Class I Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) Class S Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction ) ) Net increase (decrease) Class D Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Share repurchases, net of early repurchase deduction Net increase (decrease) Total net increase (decrease) 
 145 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Net increase (decrease) Class S Issuance of Common Shares in public offering Issuance of Common Shares under dividend reinvestment plan Net increase (decrease) Total net increase (decrease) 
 Net Asset Value per Share and Offering Price 
 The Company determines NAV per share for each class of shares as of the last calendar day of each month. Share issuances pursuant to accepted monthly subscriptions are effective the first calendar day of each month. Shares are issued and sold at a purchase price equivalent to the most recent NAV per share available for each share class, which will be the prior calendar day NAV per share (i.e. the prior month-end NAV). 
 November 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 January 31, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 May 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 July 31, 2024 August 31, 2024 September 30, 2024 
 Class I Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares October 31, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 31, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 30, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 31, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 
 146 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 June 30, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 
 
 Distributions 
 The Board authorizes and declares monthly distribution amounts per share of outstanding Common Shares. 
 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 
 Class S Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount Monthly October 25, 2023 October 31, 2023 November 28, 2023 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 
 147 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Monthly November 27, 2023 November 30, 2023 December 27, 2023 Special December 14, 2023 December 15, 2023 December 27, 2023 Monthly December 20, 2023 December 31, 2023 February 1, 2024 Monthly January 24, 2024 January 31, 2024 February 27, 2024 Monthly February 27, 2024 February 29, 2024 March 27, 2024 Monthly March 26, 2024 March 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 Monthly April 18, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 30, 2024 Monthly May 24, 2024 May 30, 2024 June 27, 2024 Monthly June 27, 2024 June 27, 2024 July 29, 2024 Monthly July 25, 2024 July 30, 2024 August 28, 2024 Monthly August 26, 2024 August 29, 2024 September 26, 2024 Monthly September 26, 2024 September 26, 2024 October 30, 2024 
 148 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 November 21, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 28, 2022 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 January 24, 2023 January 31, 2023 February 24, 2023 February 22, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 29, 2023 March 22, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 27, 2023 April 25, 2023 April 30, 2023 May 26, 2023 May 22, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 28, 2023 June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27,2023 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 
 Class S Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount October 26, 2022 October 31, 2022 November 28, 2022 November 21, 2022 November 30, 2022 December 28, 2022 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 December 21, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 30, 2023 January 24, 2023 January 31, 2023 February 24, 2023 February 22, 2023 February 28, 2023 March 29, 2023 March 22, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 27, 2023 April 25, 2023 April 30, 2023 May 26, 2023 May 22, 2023 May 31, 2023 June 28, 2023 June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27, 2023 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 
 Class D Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount June 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 July 27, 2023 July 24,2023 July 31, 2023 August 29, 2023 August 22, 2023 August 31, 2023 September 27, 2023 September 27, 2023 September 30, 2023 October 27, 2023 
 The following table presents distributions that were declared during the period ended September 30, 2022: 
 Class I Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Share Distribution Amount March 3, 2022 March 4, 2022 March 7, 2022 July 20, 2022 July 31, 2022 August 29, 2022 August 22, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 September 23, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 149 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 August 22, 2022 August 31, 2022 September 28, 2022 September 23, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan, pursuant to which the Company will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board on behalf of its shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and the Company declares, a cash dividend or other distribution, then shareholders who have not opted out of the Company s distribution reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 Character of Distributions 
 The Company may fund its cash distributions to shareholders from any source of funds available to the Company, including but not limited to offering proceeds, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to it on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense support from the Adviser, which is subject to recoupment. 
 Through September 30, 2024, a portion of the Company s distributions resulted from expense support from the Adviser, and future distributions may result from expense support from the Adviser, each of which is subject to repayment by the Company within from the date of payment. The purpose of this arrangement is to avoid distributions being characterized as a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Shareholders should understand that any such distribution is not based solely on the Company s investment performance, and can only be sustained if the Company achieves positive investment performance in future periods and/or the Adviser continues to provide expense support. Shareholders should also understand that the Company s future repayments of expense support will reduce the distributions that they would otherwise receive. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve the performance necessary to sustain these distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. 
 Sources of distributions, other than net investment income and realized gains on a U.S. GAAP basis, include required adjustments to U.S. GAAP net investment income in the current period to determine taxable income available for distributions. 
 Distributions in excess of net investment income Total 
 The following tables reflect the sources of cash distributions on a U.S. GAAP basis that the Company has declared on its Common Shares for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 Class I Class S Class D Source of Distribution Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Per Share Amount Net investment income Distributions in excess of net investment income Total 
 150 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Net realized gains Total 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 At the discretion of the Board of Trustees, during the quarter ended September 30, 2022 the Company commenced a share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company intends to offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to of Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time if it deems such action to be in the best interest of shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers pursuant to tender offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Investment Company Act. All shares purchased pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under the share repurchase program, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, it is expected to repurchase shares at the expiration of the tender offer at a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter (the Valuation Date ), except that shares that have a prospective repurchase date that is within the period following the original issue date of the shares will be subject to an early repurchase deduction of of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The holding period will be deemed satisfied if the shares to be repurchased would have been outstanding for or longer as of the subscription closing date immediately following the applicable Valuation Date, which subscription closing date the Company deems the prospective repurchase date for the applicable offer. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining shareholders. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased pursuant to such tender offers an aggregate of Class I and Class S shares. 
 
 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction, where applicable. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased pursuant to such tender offers an aggregate of Class I and Class S shares. The following table presents the share repurchases completed during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 Repurchase Pricing Date Total Number of Shares Repurchased (all classes) Percentage of Outstanding Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Price Paid Per Share Amount Repurchased (all classes) (2) 
 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Percentage is based on total shares as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. 
 (2) Amounts shown net of Early Repurchase Deduction, where applicable. 
 151 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 6. 
 
 million (the Maximum Commitment ), and the ING Credit Agreement facility has a availability period (the Availability Period commencing from June 28, 2023 during which loans may be made and a stated maturity date that is from June 28, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). Following the Availability Period, the Company will be required in certain circumstances to prepay loans prior to the Maturity Date. The ING Credit Agreement provides for the issuance of letters of credit during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount of million. Borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including making investments and permitted distributions. 
 
 All obligations under the ING Credit Agreement are secured by a first-priority security interest (subject to certain exceptions) in substantially all of the present and future property and assets of the Company and of the sole current and certain future subsidiaries of us and guaranteed by such subsidiaries. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement are denominated in U.S. dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to either (1) the SOFR, as adjusted, plus per annum if the Company has and maintains an investment grade credit rating or (2) the alternative base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) the federal funds effective rate plus of 1 , (c) the overnight bank funding rate plus of 1 , (d) certain rates based on SOFR and (e) ABR plus per annum if the Company has and maintains investment grade credit rating. The Company may elect either an ABR or SOFR borrowing at each drawdown request, and loans may be converted from one rate to another at any time at our option, subject to certain conditions. We also pay a commitment fee of per annum on the daily unused portion of the aggregate commitments under the ING Credit Agreement, subject to increase to per annum on the daily unused amount if the daily unused amount is greater than or equal to of the aggregate commitments under the ING Credit Agreement. 
 
 At any time during the Availability Period, the Company, as the borrower, may propose an increase in the Maximum Commitment to an amount not to exceed the greater of (a) million and (b) of shareholders equity as of the date on which such increased amount is to be effective, subject to certain conditions, including the consent of the lenders to increase their commitments and of ING. 
 
 The Company has made customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. Borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement are subject to the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The ING Credit Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, ING may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding loans and all other obligations under the ING Credit Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, outstanding under the ING Credit Agreement. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company s borrowings under the ING Credit Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of , and , respectively. The Company recorded , and of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the ING Credit Agreement for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 JPM SPV Facility 
 
 On February 24, 2023 (the JPM Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (as amended and/or restated, from time to time, the JPM Loan and Security Agreement among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC OSCF Lending SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as borrower, the Company, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association JPM ), as administrative agent, pursuant to which JPM agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to million. 
 152 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

billion. Borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate with a tenor, based on the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator), and as published by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor administrator), plus . 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending SPV under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending SPV. 
 
 Borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement are subject to various covenants under the JPM Agreements as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, OSCF Lending SPV had million and million outstanding under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, OSCF Lending SPV s borrowings under the JPM Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of and , respectively. The Company recorded and of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the JPM Loan and Security Agreement for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 SMBC SPV Facility 
 
 On September 29, 2023 (the SMBC Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (as amended and/or restated, from time to time, the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC OSCF Lending III SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as borrower, the Company, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the account bank, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral custodian, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation SMBC ), as administrative agent and collateral agent, pursuant to which SMBC agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending III SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to million at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The SMBC Loan and Security Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a reinvestment period (the SMBC Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is after the SMBC Closing Date. Borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Servicing Agreement are denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the request of OSCF Lending III SPV, either (1) SOFR plus up to and including depending on the collateral securing the facility or (2) the base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (c) zero and (d) one month SOFR plus plus up to and including depending on the collateral securing the facility. The Company is required to pay a non-usage fee of or depending on amounts borrowed by the Company under the facility. 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending III SPV under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending III SPV. 
 
 Borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement are subject to various covenants under the SMBC Agreements as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement. As of September 30, 2023, there were borrowings outstanding under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company s borrowings under the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of . The Company recorded and of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the SMBC Loan and Security Agreement for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 CIBC SPV Facility 
 
 On November 21, 2023 (the CIBC Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and servicing agreement (as amended and/or restated, from time to time, the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement among OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC OSCF Lending V SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as borrower, the Company, as transferor and servicer, 
 153 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 million (the CIBC Maximum Commitment at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a reinvestment period (the CIBC Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is after the CIBC Closing Date. Subject to certain conditions, including consent of the lenders and CIBC as administrative agent, during the CIBC Availability Period, OSCF Lending V SPV may propose up to four increases in the CIBC Maximum Commitment up to an amount not to exceed million in the aggregate. On April 26, 2024, the Company increased the CIBC Maximum Commitment to million. 
 
 Borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the request of OSCF Lending V SPV, either (1) the SOFR, plus or (2) the base rate (which is the greatest of the (a) prime rate, (b) federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (c) zero and (d) one month SOFR plus plus . The applicable spread otherwise in effect shall be increased by per annum after the stated maturity date or when an event of default has occurred and is continuing. The Company is required to pay a non-usage fee of on undrawn borrowings. 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending V SPV under the CIBC Loan and Security Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending V SPV, including loans it has made or acquired (the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans ). Under the Loan and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending V SPV, as borrower, and the Company, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans, as well as the borrower s and servicer s businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of the OSCF Lending V SPV Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. 
 
 The CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, CIBC, as administrative agent, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding borrowings and all other obligations under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 Borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement are subject to various covenants as well as the asset coverage requirement contained in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company s borrowings under the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of . The Company recorded of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the CIBC Loan and Servicing Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 DBNY SPV Facility 
 
 On February 15, 2024 (the DBNY Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan financing and servicing agreement (the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement ), among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC OSCF Lending IV SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as borrower, the Company, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch DBNY ), as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian, pursuant to which DBNY has agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending IV SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to million (the DBNY Facility Amount at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a reinvestment period (the DBNY Availability Period ). Borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in EUR, AUD, CAD, GBP or USD and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of, for any accrual period and any lender, (i) the applicable margin and (ii) the cost of funds rate for such accrual period and such lender. The applicable margin will be per annum prior to the end of the DBNY Availability Period and per annum thereafter; provided that, on and after the occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement), the applicable margin shall be increased by per annum. The cost of funds rate will be, (a) for each conduit lender, the lower of (x) such conduit lender s Commercial Paper Rate (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and 
 154 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 
), and (b) for each committed lender, the base rate determined by reference to the applicable benchmark index depending on the currency denomination of the advances. 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending IV SPV under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending IV SPV, including loans it has made or acquired (the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans ), except for certain Retained Interests (as defined in the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement). Under the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending IV SPV, as borrower, and the Company, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans, as well as our businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of the OSCF Lending IV SPV Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. Borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement are subject to various covenants under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement. 
 
 The DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, DBNY, as facility agent, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding borrowings and all other obligations under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 
 Subject to certain conditions, including consent of DBNY, as facility agent, OSCF Lending IV SPV may (i) propose increases in the DBNY Facility Amount up to an amount not to exceed billion in the aggregate, (ii) add additional lender groups and/or (iii) increase the commitment of any lender group with the consent of such lender group. The DBNY Facility Amount may, subject to certain conditions, including consent of DBNY, as facility agent, be so increased to million on the earlier of (x) the one year anniversary of the DBNY Closing Date and (y) the date selected by OSCF Lending IV SPV (via written notice to DBNY, as facility agent) to so increase the DBNY Facility Amount. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding under the DBNY Loan Financing and Serving Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company s borrowings under the DBNY Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of . The Company recorded of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the DBNY Loan Financing and Serving Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 MS SPV Facility 
 
 On February 23, 2024 (the MS Closing Date ), the Company entered into a loan and servicing agreement (the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement ), among OSCF Lending II SPV, LLC OSCF Lending II SPV ), a wholly owned subsidiary of us, as borrower, the Company, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc. MS ), as the administrative agent, pursuant to which MS has agreed to extend credit to OSCF Lending II SPV in an aggregate principal amount up to million (the MS Maximum Commitment at any one time outstanding. 
 
 The MS Loan and Servicing Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility that has a reinvestment period (the MS Availability Period and a stated maturity date that is after the MS Closing Date. Advances under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars and bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus during the MS Availability Period and thereafter; provided that the applicable margin shall be increased by per annum (i) during the existence of a Specified Event of Default (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement), (ii) upon written notice from MS, as administrative agent (at the direction of required lenders) to OSCF Lending II SPV and us during the existence of any other Event of Default (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement) or (iii) after a Facility Maturity Date (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement). 
 
 The obligations of OSCF Lending II SPV under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by OSCF Lending II SPV, including certain loans it has made or acquired (such loans, the OSCF Lending II SPV Loans ), except for certain Retained Interests (as defined in the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement). Under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement, OSCF Lending II SPV, as borrower, and the Company, as servicer, have made representations and warranties regarding the OSCF Lending II SPV Loans, as well as the Company s businesses, and are required to comply with various covenants, servicing procedures, limitations on the disposition of Loans, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving funding facilities. 
 155 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million outstanding under the MS Loan and Serving Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company s borrowings under the MS Loan and Servicing Agreement bore interest at a weighted average rate of . The Company recorded of interest expense (inclusive of fees) related to the MS Loan and Serving Agreement for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Secured Borrowings 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no secured borrowings outstanding. The Company did record any interest expense in connection with secured borrowings for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recorded of interest expense in connection with secured borrowings for the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022. The Company s secured borrowings bore interest at a weighted average rate of for the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022. 
 
 2028 Unsecured Notes 
 
 On November 14, 2023, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Unsecured Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 14, 2023 (the Base Indenture ), between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the Notes Trustee ), and a first supplemental indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture to the Base Indenture. 
 
 The 2028 Unsecured Notes mature on November 14, 2028, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The 2028 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually in arrears on May 14 and November 14 of each year, commencing on May 14, 2024. The 2028 Unsecured Notes are the Company s direct, unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to its future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2028 Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to its existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of its secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by its subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including a covenant requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2028 Unsecured Notes and the Notes Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 In connection with the 2028 Unsecured Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rate payable on the 2028 Unsecured Notes with its investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus on a notional amount of million. 
 
 156 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Unamortized financing costs ) Unaccreted discount ) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment Net carrying value Fair Value 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2028 Unsecured Notes for the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) Year ended September 30, 2024 Coupon interest Amortization of financing costs and discount Effect of interest rate swap Total interest expense Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 
 2029 Unsecured Notes 
 On July 23, 2024, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Unsecured Notes pursuant to the Base Indenture and a second supplemental indenture (the Second Supplemental Indenture to the Base Indenture. 
 The 2029 Unsecured Notes mature on July 23, 2029, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The 2029 Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually in arrears on January 23 and July 23 of each year, commencing on January 23, 2025. The 2029 Unsecured Notes are the Company s direct, unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to its future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2029 Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to its existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of its secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that we later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by its subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including a covenant requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, but giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Company by the SEC and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2029 Unsecured Notes and the Notes Trustee if the Company should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the Indenture. 
 In connection with the 2029 Unsecured Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rate payable on the 2029 Unsecured Notes with its investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus on a notional amount of million. 
 157 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Unamortized financing costs ) Unaccreted discount ) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment Net carrying value Fair Value 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2029 Unsecured Notes for the year ended September 30, 2024: 
 in millions) Year ended September 30, 2024 Coupon interest Amortization of financing costs and discount Effect of interest rate swap Total interest expense Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 

Note 7. 
 ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) ) Book/tax difference due to capital gains incentive fees Other book/tax differences ) ) Taxable income (1) 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company s taxable income for the year ended September 30, 2024 is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024. The final taxable income may be different than the estimate. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax expense of , which was comprised of a current tax expense of and a deferred tax expense of . 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax expense of , which was comprised of a current tax expense of and a deferred income tax benefit of that resulted from unrealized depreciation on investments held by the Company s wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries. 
 For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax expense of , which was comprised of a deferred income tax expense of that resulted from unrealized appreciation on an investment held by a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary and a current tax expense of . 
 158 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) Net realized capital gains Unrealized gains, net Accumulated overdistributed earnings ) 
 The aggregate cost of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of value over cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes over value was million. Net unrealized appreciation based on the aggregate cost of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million. 
 
 159 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 8. 

Note 9. 
 of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the applicable month. For purposes of calculating the management fee, net assets means the Company s total net assets determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the first calendar month in which the Company had operations, net assets were measured as of June 1, 2022, the date on which the Company broke escrow. In addition, the Adviser waived its management fee through November 2022, the first six months following June 1, 2022, the date on which the Company broke escrow for its continuous offering. For the year ended September 30, 2024, base management fees were , none of which was waived. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, base management fees were , of which was waived. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, base management fees representing were fully waived. 
 Incentive Fee 
 
 The Incentive Fee consists of two parts: the Investment Income Incentive Fee and the Capital Gains Incentive Fee (each defined below) (collectively referred to as the "Incentive Fee"). 
 
 Investment Income Incentive Fee 
 
 The Investment Income Incentive Fee is calculated based on the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, which means consolidated interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between the Company and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the Incentive Fee and any distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees). 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that has not yet been received in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of any expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle of per quarter annualized) (the Hurdle Rate ). The Company will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 Hurdle Rate Return: No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate; 
 
 Catch-Up: of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than a annualized) rate of return in any such calendar quarter (the Catch-Up ), which is intended to 
 160 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if the Hurdle Rate did not apply, if the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds the Hurdle Rate in any calendar quarter; and 
 
 / Split: of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds a annualized) rate of return in such calendar quarter so that once the Hurdle Rate is reached and the Catch-Up is achieved, of the Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to 
 the Adviser. 
 
 The Adviser waived the Investment Income Incentive Fee through November 2022, the first six months following June 1, 2022, the date on which the Company broke escrow for its continuous offering. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Investment Income Incentive Fee was , none of which was waived. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Investment Income Incentive Fee was , of which was waived. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Investment Income Incentive Fee representing was fully waived. 
 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 
 In addition to the Investment Income Incentive Fee described above, commencing on September 30, 2022, the Adviser is entitled to receive a Capital Gains Incentive Fee (as defined below) under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year. The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is equal to of the realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee, provided, that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee determined as of September 30, 2022 is calculated for a period of shorter than 12 calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from the date of inception through the end of the fiscal year 2022 (the Capital Gains Incentive Fee ). The payment obligation with respect to the Capital Gains Incentive Fee is allocated in the same manner across the Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not incur any Capital Gains Incentive Fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 Although the Capital Gains Incentive Fee due to the Adviser is not payable until it is contractually due based on the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company accrues this component at the end of each reporting period based on the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each reporting period, computed net of all realized capital losses on a cumulative basis and unrealized capital depreciation, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fee, as contractually included in the calculation of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, plus the cumulative amount of unrealized capital appreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then the Company will accrue an incentive fee equal to of such amount. If such amount is negative, then there will be no accrual for such period or an appropriate reduction in any amount previously accrued. U.S. GAAP requires that the Capital Gains Incentive Fee accrual consider cumulative unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a Capital Gains Incentive Fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and of accrued Capital Gains Incentive Fees, respectively. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, there were accrued Capital Gains Incentive Fees. As of September 30, 2024, there were of Capital Gains Incentive Fees accrued since inception. 
 
 Administration Agreement 
 
 Effective as of February 3, 2022, the Company has entered into an Administration Agreement (as amended and restated, the Administration Agreement with Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC (the Administrator ), an affiliate of the Adviser. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator furnishes the Company with office facilities (certain of which are located in buildings owned by a Brookfield affiliate), equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, the Company s required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, and being responsible for the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists the Company in determining and publishing the NAV, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to the Company s shareholders, and generally overseeing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. 
 
 161 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 of expenses under the Administration Agreement, of which was included in administrator expense, was included in general and administrative expenses and was included in organization expenses and amortization of continuous offering costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred of expenses under the Administration Agreement, of which was included in administrator expense, was included in general and administrative expenses and was included in organization expenses and amortization of continuous offering costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company incurred under the Administration Agreement, of which was included in administrator expense, was included in general and administrative expenses and was included in organization expenses and amortization of offering costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Certain Terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement is effective as of February 3, 2022. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent Trustees. The Company may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon days written notice. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement upon days written notice and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement upon days written notice. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations. 
 
 Distribution Manager Agreement 
 
 Effective as of February 3, 2022, the Company has entered into a Distribution Manager Agreement (as amended and restated, the Distribution Manager Agreement with Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (the Distribution Manager ), an affiliate of the Adviser. Under the terms of the Distribution Manager Agreement, the Distribution Manager serves as the distribution manager for the Company s initial offering of Common Shares. The Distribution Manager is entitled to receive distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees monthly in arrears at an annual rate of of the value of the Company s net assets attributable to Class S shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. The Distribution Manager is entitled to receive distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees monthly in arrears at an annual rate of of the value of the Company s net assets attributable to Class D shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. No distribution and/or shareholding servicing fees are paid with respect to Class I shares. The distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees are payable to the Distribution Manager, but the Distribution Manager anticipates that all or a portion of the shareholder servicing fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. 
 
 The Company will cease paying the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following: (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) a merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of the initial offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the initial offering, including the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to of the gross proceeds from the initial offering. In addition, consistent with the exemptive relief allowing the Company to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Distribution Manager in conjunction with the 
 162 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (or a lower limit as determined by the Distribution Manager or the applicable selling agent), the Company will cease paying the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed of the offering price of such share. The Company may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the applicable Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class S or Class D shares. 
 
 The Distribution Manager is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). 
 
 Either party may terminate the Distribution Manager Agreement upon days written notice to the other party or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event such other party failed to comply with a material provision of the Distribution Manager Agreement. The Company s obligations under the Distribution Manager Agreement to pay the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S and Class D shares will survive termination of the agreement until such shares are no longer outstanding (including such shares that have been converted into Class I shares, as described above). 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 
 Effective as of February 3, 2022, the Company established a distribution and servicing plan (as amended and restated, the Distribution and Servicing Plan ). 
 
 Class S shares Class D shares Class T shares 
 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees is paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month and subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation. Class I shares are not subject to a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee. 
 
 The Distribution Manager reallows (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 Broker eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding the Company, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded distribution and shareholder servicing fees of and , respectively, primarily all of which were attributable to Class S shares. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Company recorded distribution and shareholder servicing fees of , primarily all of which were attributable to Class S shares. 
 
 163 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser did make any Expense Payments. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company made reimbursement payments of to the Adviser. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Adviser made Expense Payments in the amount of . For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the Company made reimbursement payments of to the Adviser. For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Adviser made Expense Payments in the amount of . For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022, the Adviser waived its right to receive a Reimbursement Payment from the Company and as of September 30, 2022 no Reimbursement Payments were made to the Adviser. As of September 30, 2024, there were no amounts due to the Adviser from the Company under the Expense Support Agreement. 

164 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 10. 
 Capital Contribution Net investment income (1) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1)(2) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (1) ) ) ) ) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) (1) 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) Distributions of net investment income to shareholders ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Distributions in excess of net investment income ) ) ) ) ) ) Net asset value at end of period Total return (3) ) Common shares outstanding at beginning of the period Common shares outstanding at end of period Net assets at the beginning of the period Net assets at end of period Average net assets (4) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (5) Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (5)(7) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (5) Ratio of portfolio turnover to average investments at fair value (5) Weighted average outstanding debt Average debt per share (1) Asset coverage ratio (6) 
 (1) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (2) The amount shown may not correspond with the net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 as it includes the effect of the timing of equity issuances. 
 (3) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share or capital activity, if any, divided by the beginning NAV per share, assuming a dividend reinvestment price equal to the NAV per share at the beginning of the period. (4) Calculated based upon the weighted average net assets for the period. (5) Financial results for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 have not been annualized for purposes of this ratio. 
 (6) Based on outstanding senior securities of million, million and million as of September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (7) Total expenses to average net assets is prior to management fee waivers and expense support/reimbursements provided by the Adviser. 
 165 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 N/A Fiscal 2023 N/A Fiscal 2024 N/A JPM SPV Facility Fiscal 2023 N/A Fiscal 2024 N/A SMBC SPV Facility Fiscal 2023 N/A Fiscal 2024 N/A CIBC SPV Facility Fiscal 2024 N/A DBNY SPV Facility Fiscal 2024 N/A MS SPV Facility Fiscal 2024 N/A 2028 Unsecured Notes Fiscal 2024 N/A 2029 Unsecured Notes Fiscal 2024 N/A Total Senior Securities For the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 ______________ 
 (1) Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the period, presented in thousands. 
 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as the Company s consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. 
 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The - indicates information that the Securities and Exchange Commission expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 
 (4) Calculated on a daily average basis. 
 166 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 11. 
 11/7/2024 Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract 11/7/2024 Derivative liability Foreign currency forward contract kr 11/7/2024 Derivative liability 
 Certain information related to the Company s foreign currency forward contracts is presented below as of September 30, 2023. 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 Derivative asset Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 Derivative asset 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2028 Unsecured Notes, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with the BNP Paribas pursuant to ISDA Master Agreements. In connection with the issuance of the 2029 Unsecured Notes, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. pursuant to ISDA Master Agreements. 
 11/14/2028 Derivative asset Interest rate swap 7/23/2029 Derivative asset 

167 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 12. 
 of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to certain of the Company s portfolio companies. Of the , approximately can be drawn immediately with the remaining amount subject to certain milestones that must be met by portfolio companies or other restrictions. As of September 30, 2023, off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of of unfunded commitments to provide debt financing to certain of the Company s portfolio companies. Such commitments are subject to the portfolio company s satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 Poseidon Midco AB Verona Pharma, Inc. Accession Risk Management Group, Inc. PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Quantum Bidco Limited Everbridge, Inc. AmSpec Parent LLC PetVet Care Centers, LLC Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. NFM J, L.P. Next Holdco, LLC Janus Bidco Limited Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Biscuit Parent, LLC SEI Holding I Corporation North Star Acquisitionco, LLC CVAUSA Management, LLC Truck-Lite Co., LLC SumUp Holdings Luxembourg Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Minotaur Acquisition, Inc. MRI Software LLC OneOncology, LLC Sorenson Communications, LLC Legends Hospitality Holding Company, LLC ACESO Holding 4 S.A.R.L. Microf Funding V LLC IW Buyer LLC 107-109 Beech OAK22 LLC Bamboo US Bidco LLC Neptune Platform Buyer, LLC Protein for Pets Opco, LLC Enverus Holdings, Inc. Project Accelerate Parent, LLC WP CPP Holdings, LLC USIC Holdings, Inc. ACP Falcon Buyer Inc 
 168 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Inventus Power, Inc. Eyesouth Eye Care Holdco LLC Crewline Buyer, Inc. BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Harrow, Inc. Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Violin Finco Guernsey Limited iCIMs, Inc. Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Centralsquare Technologies, LLC Pluralsight, LLC Kings Buyer, LLC Usalco LLC 107 Fair Street LLC Icefall Parent, Inc. Finastra USA, Inc. Coupa Holdings, LLC Oranje Holdco, Inc. Avalara, Inc. Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Galileo Parent, Inc. 112-126 Van Houten Real22 LLC Dukes Root Control Inc. Transit Buyer LLC Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC LSL Holdco, LLC Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Resistance Acquisition, Inc. MND Holdings III Corp scPharmaceuticals Inc. ADC Therapeutics SA Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC HUB Pen Company, LLC Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 
 169 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

 Note 13. 
 
 Class I shares for proceeds of million, Class S shares for proceeds of million and Class D shares for proceeds of million. 
 
 On November 1, 2024, the Company issued and sold pursuant to its continuous public offering Class I shares for proceeds of million, Class S shares for proceeds of million and Class D shares for proceeds of million. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Class S shares Class D shares 
 
 The distribution is payable to shareholders of record as of October 30, 2024 and will be paid on or about November 26, 2024. The distribution will be paid in cash or reinvested in Common Shares for shareholders participating in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 On November 26, 2024, the Board of Trustees of the Company declared a regular distribution on its outstanding Common Shares in the amount per share set forth below: 
 Gross Distribution Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee Net Distribution Class I shares Class S shares Class D shares 
 
 The distribution is payable to shareholders of record as of November 27, 2024 and will be paid on or about December 27, 2024. The distribution will be paid in cash or reinvested in Common Shares for shareholders participating in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 

170 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evolution of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in timely identifying, recording, processing, summarizing and reporting any material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement . 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 171 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Board of Trustees 
 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Trustees. The responsibilities of the Board of Trustees include, among other things, the oversight of our investment activities, the quarterly valuation of our assets, oversight of our financing arrangements and corporate governance activities. Our Board of Trustees consists of 5 members, 4 of whom are not interested persons of the Company or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act and are independent, as determined by our Board of Trustees. We refer to these individuals as our Independent Trustees . Interested persons are generally persons that, under the Investment Company Act, are deemed to have an interest in the Company, the Adviser or the Distribution Manager that could give rise to a conflict of interest in making certain determinations required by the Investment Company Act. For example, if a trustee owned any securities issued by the Adviser, the trustee would be an interested person. Similarly, if a trustee was an employee of the Adviser, the trustee would be an interested person. Our Board of Trustees elects our executive officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board of Trustees. 
 
 Trustees 
 
 Information regarding the Board of Trustees is as follows: 
 Name Year of Birth Position Length of Time Served Principal Occupation During Past 5 years Number of Portfolio Companies in Fund Complex Overseen by Director (1) 
 Other Directorships Held by Director (2) 
 Independent Trustees Jay Ferguson 1966 Trustee Since 2021 Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Vicente Capital Partners since 2009. 2 Director, Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (2016-present); Director, OLPG (2023-present) Deborah Gero 1960 Trustee Since 2021 Until 2018, various positions with American International Group, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, AIG ), including as a Senior Managing Director and Deputy Chief Investment Officer of AIG Asset Management from 2012 to 2018 and Chief Risk Officer for the Life and Retirement division from 2009 to 2012. 2 Director, OCSL (2019-present) Allison Keller 1964 Trustee Since 2021 From 2007 to 2024, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of W.M. Keck Foundation and since 2024, President and Chief Financial Officer of W.M. Keck Foundation; from 2007 through 2016, Ms. Keller was also the President of Oakmont Corporation, a private investment firm and family office assisting multi-generational, high net worth extended families and related private foundations. 2 Director, OLPG (2023-present) Stephen Mosko 1956 Trustee Since 2021 Chief Executive Officer of Village Roadshow Entertainment Group since October 2018; from 2015 to 2016, Mr. Mosko served as Chair of Sony Pictures Television for which he remains a consultant. Mr. Mosko also served as the President of Sony Pictures U.S. Television operation, Executive Vice President of Sales for Sony Pictures Television and Vice President of the Western Region for Columbia TriStar Television Distribution. 2 Director, OLPG (2023-present) Interested Trustees Armen Panossian 1976 Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer Since 2021 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer of the Company; Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of OCSL since 2019; Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of OLPG since 2023; Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Oaktree Strategic Income Corporation OCSI from September 2019 to March 2021, and of Oaktree Strategic Income II OSI II from September 2019 until January 2023; Managing Director and Head of Liquid Credit of OCM; as well as portfolio manager for OCM s U.S. Senior Loan strategy. Mr. Panossian also oversees OCM s Structured Credit, U.S., European and Global High Yield Bond, European Senior Loan, and U.S., Non-U.S. and High Income Convertibles strategies. 2 Director, OLPG (2023-present) 
 __________ 
 (1) The Fund Complex consists of the Company, OCSL and OLPG. 
 (2) Except as set forth in this table, none of the Company s trustees otherwise serves, or has served during the past five years, as a director of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act or of a company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

172 

The address for each of our trustees is Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28 th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 
 
 Information regarding our executive officers who are not Trustees is as follows: 
 
 Name Age Position Mathew Pendo 61 President Raghav Khanna 41 Co-Chief Investment Officer Christopher McKown 43 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Ashley Pak 46 Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 The address for each of our executive officers is Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28 th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 
 Biographical Information 
 
 The following is information concerning the business experience of our Board of Trustees and executive officers. Our Trustees have been divided into two groups interested Trustees and Independent Trustees. Interested Trustees are interested persons of the Company as defined in the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Independent Trustees 
 
 Jay Ferguson . Mr. Ferguson is a Trustee of the Company and a member of our Audit Committee. Mr. Ferguson has 
 served as a Director of OLPG since February 2023. Mr. Ferguson is a Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Vicente Capital Partners, a Los Angeles-based investment firm providing capital to privately held growth companies across North America. Prior to co-founding Vicente in 2009, Mr. Ferguson was a partner at Kline Hawkes Company, which he joined at the firm s inception in 1995. Mr. Ferguson began his career as an investment banker for Merrill Lynch Co where he was a member of the Energy and Natural Resources Group and the General Corporate Finance Group. From 1989 to 1994, he worked on over 30 public and private transactions for numerous emerging growth and middle market companies. Mr. Ferguson has been a member of the board of directors of Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. MPAA since June 2016 and has served as MPAA s lead independent director since March 2020. In addition to serving on the board of MPAA, Mr. Ferguson currently serves on the board of directors of Global LT, Inc., SportsMEDIA Technology and Intellectual Technology, Inc., and is a member of the board of trustees of The Wildwood School, the Treasurer of the Robert Toigo Foundation and a member of the Board of Advisors at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. Mr. Ferguson received a B.B.A in Finance from Southern Methodist University and an M.B.A from the UCLA Anderson School of Management. 
 
 Deborah Gero . Ms. Gero is a Trustee of the Company and serves as Chair of our Audit Committee. Ms. Gero has served as a Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of OCSL since March 2019. Ms. Gero also served as a Director of OCSI from March 2019 until OCSI merged with and into OCSL on March 19, 2021. Ms. Gero has also been a Director of Resolution Re, LTD since November 2023, Newport Re Ltd. since May 2019 and The Friends of the Brentwood Art Center since September 2016. Ms. Gero has also served as a member of the Investment Committee of United Way of Greater Los Angeles since November 2020 and as a member of the Subscribers Advisory Board for United Educators Insurance since 2020. Ms. Gero has held various positions with AIG, including as a Senior Managing Director and Deputy Chief Investment Officer of AIG Asset Management, where she was responsible for developing the firm s investment strategy for approximately 300 billion of insurance company portfolios from 2012 to 2018. She joined AIG in 2009 and served as Chief Risk Officer for the Life and Retirement division until 2012. Before joining AIG, Ms. Gero was a consultant from 2003 to 2009, focusing on collateralized debt obligation investment management and investments in insurance companies. Prior to her work as a consultant, Ms. Gero spent eight years at AIG and its predecessor entities in a variety of capacities including Portfolio Manager of a 3 billion collateralized debt obligation portfolio and Corporate Actuary. Previous experiences include numerous actuarial and asset/liability management roles at Conseco, Inc., Tillinghast/Towers-Perrin and Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company. Ms. Gero has previously served as a director of Aurora National Life Insurance Company and New California Life Holdings, as well as several insurance and asset management subsidiaries of AIG. Ms. Gero received a B.A. degree in mathematics from the University of Notre Dame. She is a CFA charterholder, a fellow in the Society of Actuaries and a member of the American Academy of Actuaries. 
 
 Allison Keller . Ms. Keller is a Trustee of the Company and a member of our Audit Committee. Ms. Keller has served as a Director of OLPG since February 2023. From 2007 to 2024, Ms. Keller was the Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of the W.M. Keck Foundation and in 2024 was named President and Chief Financial Officer. The W.M. Keck Foundation is 
 
 173 

focused primarily on promoting pioneering scientific discoveries as well as undergraduate education and, in Southern California, community programs. Ms. Keller manages the program, investment, staff and administrative activities while working closely with the foundation s board of directors to develop the foundation s vision and strategies. From 2007 through 2016, Ms. Keller was also the President of Oakmont Corporation, a private investment firm and family office assisting multi-generational, high net worth extended families and related private foundations. Previously, Ms. Keller was a corporate partner with O Melveny Myers LLP. Ms. Keller s practice focused on raising public and private capital, counseling private and public company boards of directors on strategic transactions and corporate governance policies, negotiating business combinations and reviewing complex regulatory filings. Ms. Keller s philanthropic work includes board service in both public and private higher education and K-12 education and medical research and education. Ms. Keller has also performed pro bono legal work for multiple community organizations in Los Angeles. Ms. Keller earned her A.B. from Princeton University and J.D. from UCLA School of Law. 
 
 Stephen Mosko . Mr. Mosko is a Trustee of the Company and a member of our Audit Committee. Mr. Mosko has served as a Director of OLPG since February 2023. Since October 2018, Mr. Mosko has served as Chief Executive Officer of Village Roadshow Entertainment Group. Mr. Mosko formerly served as Chair of Sony Pictures Television for which he remains a consultant. Mr. Mosko also served as the President of Sony Pictures U.S. Television operation, Executive Vice President of Sales for Sony Pictures Television and Vice President of the Western Region for Columbia TriStar Television Distribution. Before joining Sony Pictures, Mr. Mosko held earlier career positions as Local Sales Manager of NBC affiliate WMAR-TV in Baltimore, and in Philadelphia as General Sales Manager of WTAF-TV and Vice President and Station Manager of WPHL-TV. Mr. Mosko has served as Chairman of the National Association of Television Program Executives; Chairman of the Academy of Television Arts Sciences Foundation; Director of Game Show Network, LLC and Game Show Network; Director of The Advertising Council, Inc.; member of the Board of Directors for the Celine Cousteau Film Fellowship; Member of the Executive Committee of the Los Angeles Board of Governors of The Paley Museum; Member of the National Board of Junior Achievement; Member of the Executive Board of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television; Director at Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles; Member of the Philadelphia Police Department s Drug Advisory Council; and President of the Philadelphia Ad Club. Mr. Mosko received his Bachelor of Arts in Communications from the University of Delaware. Mr. Mosko also received honorary degrees from Loyola Marymount University, Chapman University and the University of Delaware. 
 
 Interested Trustees 
 
 Armen Panossian . Mr. Panossian is Chairman of the Board of Trustees, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer. From September 2019 until January 2023, Mr. Panossian served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Director and Chairman of OSI II. Mr. Panossian has also served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of OCSL since September 2019. Mr. Panossian also served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of OCSI from September 2019 until OCSI merged with and into OCSL on March 19, 2021. Mr. Panossian is a managing director and Head of Performing Credit at OCM, where his responsibilities include oversight of the firm s performing credit activities including the senior loan, high yield bond, private credit, convertibles, structured credit and emerging markets debt strategies. He also serves as a portfolio manager within the Global Private Debt and Global Credit strategies. In January 2014, he joined the U.S. Senior Loan team to assume co-portfolio management responsibilities and lead the development of OCM s CLO business. Mr. Panossian joined Oaktree from Pequot Capital Management, where he worked on their distressed debt strategy. Mr. Panossian received a B.A. degree in economics with honors and distinction from Stanford University, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Panossian then went on to receive an M.S. degree in health services research from Stanford Medical School and J.D. and M.B.A. degrees from Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School. Mr. Panossian serves on the Advisory Board of the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research. He is a member of the State Bar of California. 
 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 
 
 Mathew Pendo . Mr. Pendo is our President. Mr. Pendo has also served as President of OCSL and OLPG since August 2019 and February 2023, respectively. Mr. Pendo also currently serves as Managing Director, Head of Corporate Development and Capital Markets for OCM, which he joined in 2015, and as Chief Operating Officer of Oaktree Acquisition Corp. III since February 2021. Mr. Pendo previously served as Chief Operating Officer of OCSL from October 2017 to January 2022, as Chief Operating Officer and President of OCSI from October 2017 and August 2019, respectively, until March 2021, as Chief Operating Officer of OSI II from July 2018 until December 2021 as Chief Operating Officer of Oaktree Acquisition Corp. II. from August 2020 until June 2022 and as President of OSI II from August 2019 until January 2023. 
 
 Prior to joining OCM in 2015, Mr. Pendo was at the investment banking boutique of Sandler O Neill Partners, where he was a managing director focused on the financial services industry. Prior thereto, Mr. Pendo was the Chief Investment Officer of the Troubled Asset Relief Program TARP of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, where he was honored with the Distinguished Service Award. There, he built and managed a team of 20 professionals overseeing the Treasury s 200 billion 
 
 174 

TARP investment activities across multiple industries including AIG, GM and the banks, and all levels of the capital structure. Mr. Pendo began his career at Merrill Lynch, where he spent 18 years, starting in their investment banking division before becoming managing director of the technology industry group. Subsequently, Mr. Pendo was a managing director at Barclays Capital, first serving as co-head of U.S. Investment Banking and then co-head of Global Industrials group. Mr. Pendo previously served as a member of the board of directors of Keypath Education, Inc., New IPT Holdings, LLC and SuperValue Inc. He received a bachelor s degree in economics from Princeton University, cum laude. 
 
 Raghav Khanna. Mr. Khanna has served as our Co-Chief Investment Officer since November 2024. Mr. Khanna is a managing director within Oaktree s Global Private Debt strategy where he is a co-portfolio manager for its Strategic Credit platform and an investment committee member for its Direct Lending platform. He first joined Oaktree in 2012 as a member of the Global Opportunities group before becoming a founding member of the Strategic Credit strategy in 2014. Prior to joining Oaktree, Mr. Khanna was an investment professional at the Carlyle Group focusing on buyout opportunities in the financial services space and an analyst at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Khanna received a B.S. degree in electrical engineering and economics from Yale University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
 
 Christopher McKown . Mr. McKown is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. McKown has also served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of OCSL and OLPG since November 2021 and February 2023, respectively. Mr. McKown also served as Chief Financial Officer of OSI II from January 2022 until January 2023. Mr. McKown joined OCM in 2011 and currently serves as a Managing Director responsible for fund accounting and reporting for Oaktree s Strategic Credit strategy. Mr. McKown previously served as the Assistant Treasurer of OSI II and OCSL and also served as Assistant Treasurer of OCSI until March 2021. Prior to joining Oaktree, Mr. McKown worked in the audit practice at KPMG LLP. Mr. McKown received a B.A. degree in business economics with a minor in accounting cum laude from the University of California, Los Angeles and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). 
 
 Ashley Pak . Ms. Pak is our Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Pak has also served as the Chief Compliance Officer of OCSL and OLPG since November 2021 and February 2023, respectively. Ms. Pak also served as the Chief Compliance Officer of OSI II from November 2021 until January 2023. Ms. Pak joined OCM in 2007 and currently serves as a Managing Director in the Compliance Department. Prior to joining Oaktree, she was a Compliance/Legal Specialist at Associated Securities Corp. Prior thereto, she was a Financial Operations Principal and Compliance Manager at Asia Pacific Investors Services. Ms. Pak received a B.A. in Business Administration from Seattle University, summa cum laude and an MBA from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst Isenberg School of Management. Ms. Pak holds the Investment Adviser Certified Compliance Professional (IACCP designation. 
 
 Communications with Trustees 
 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board of Trustees by mail. To communicate with the Board of Trustees, any individual Trustees or any group or committee of Trustees, correspondence should be addressed to the Board of Trustees or any such individual Trustees or group or committee of Trustees by either name or title. All such correspondence should be sent Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Trustees 
 
 Our Board of Trustees has established an audit committee (the Audit Committee and may establish additional committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee because we believe the function typically served by such committee is best handled by those trustees whose term is not expiring currently. We do not have a compensation committee because our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board of Trustees. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include establishing guidelines and making recommendations to our Board of Trustees regarding the valuation of our loans and investments, selecting our independent registered public accounting firm, reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of our financial statements, pre-approving the fees for services performed, reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems, reviewing our annual financial statements, overseeing internal audit staff and periodic filings and receiving our audit reports and financial statements. The Audit Committee is presently composed of four persons, Jay Ferguson, Deborah Gero, Allison Keller and Stephen Mosko, each of whom is an independent Trustee. Deborah Gero serves as the chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board of Trustees has determined that Ms. Gero qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as 
 
 175 

promulgated under the Exchange Act. Each of the members of the Audit Committee meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and, in addition, is not an interested person of the Company or of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Audit Committee met 
 eight times. 
 
 A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available on the Company s website at https://osc.brookfieldoaktree.com . 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, members of our Board, and persons who own more than ten percent of our shares to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, such persons complied with all such filing requirements. 
 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Trustees. Among other things, our Board of Trustees sets broad policies for us and approves the appointment of our investment adviser, administrator and officers. The role of our Board of Trustees, and of any individual Trustee, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 
 Under our bylaws, our Board of Trustees may designate one of our Trustees as chair to preside over meetings of our Board of Trustees and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees has appointed Armen Panossian to serve in the role of chairperson of the Board of Trustees. The chairperson s role is to preside at all meetings of the Board of Trustees and to act as a liaison with the Adviser, counsel and other Trustees generally between meetings. The chairperson serves as a key point person for dealings between management and the Trustees. The chairperson also may perform such other functions as may be delegated by the Board of Trustees from time to time. The Board of Trustees reviews matters related to its leadership structure annually. The Board of Trustees has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate because it allows the Board of Trustees to exercise informed and independent judgment over the matters under its purview and it allocates areas of responsibility among committees of Trustees and the full board in a manner that enhances effective oversight. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees believes that its leadership structure is the optimal structure for us at this time. Our Board of Trustees, which will review its leadership structure periodically as part of its annual self-assessment process, further believes that its structure is presently appropriate to enable it to exercise its oversight of us. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Board met four times. 
 
 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 Our Board of Trustees performs its risk oversight function primarily through (i) its standing committees, which report to the entire Board of Trustees and are comprised solely of Independent Trustees, and (ii) active monitoring of our chief compliance officer and our compliance policies and procedures. Oversight of other risks is delegated to the committees. 
 
 Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by the Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board of Trustees anticipates reviewing risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board of Trustee s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board of Trustees oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of investments. 
 
 We believe that the role of our Board of Trustees in risk oversight is effective and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which we are already subject as a BDC. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in our business and operations. For example, we are limited in our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates, including investing in any portfolio company in which one of our affiliates currently has an investment. 

176 

Code of Business Conduct 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct which applies to, among others, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company intends to disclose any material amendment to or waivers of required provisions of the Code of Business Conduct on a current report on Form 8-K or on the Company s website https://osc.brookfieldoaktree.com. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct has been filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Securities Trading Policy 
 
 The Company has adopted a Securities Trading Policy applicable to us, our officers and our trustees that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy has been filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 
 None of our officers will receive direct compensation from us. We have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our officers. In addition, to the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions at cost. As discussed in Part I, Item 1. Business Investment Advisory Agreement, Business Administration Agreement, and Item 1. Business Expenses of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of the compensation of any personnel that it provides for our use. 
 
 Compensation of Trustees 
 
 Our Trustees who do not also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser are entitled to receive annual cash retainer fees, fees for participating in the in-person board and committee meetings and annual fees for serving as a committee chairperson, determined based on our net assets as of the end of each fiscal quarter. These Trustees are Jay Ferguson, Deborah Gero, Allison Keller and Stephen Mosko. Amounts payable under the arrangement are determined and paid quarterly in arrears as follows: 
 
 Annual Cash Retainer 
 
 Board Meeting Fee Annual Audit Committee Chair Cash Retainer Committee Meeting Fee 
 
 50,000 (NAV up to 1 billion) 2,500 7,500 1,000 75,000 (NAV 1 billion to 2 billion) 2,500 7,500 1,000 100,000 (NAV greater than 2 billion) 2,500 7,500 1,000 
 
 Compensation earned by our trustees from the Company and the Fund Complex (as defined below) during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 was as follows: 
 
 Total Compensation earned from the Company for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 Total Compensation earned from Fund Complex (1) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 
 Interested Trustees Armen Panossian Independent Trustees Jay Ferguson 107,750 257,750 Deborah Gero 115,250 290,250 Allison Keller 107,750 282,750 Steven Mosko 107,750 257,750 
 __________ 
 (1) The Fund Complex consists of the Company, OCSL and OLPG. 

177 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth, as of December 18, 2024, information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares at the time of the satisfaction of the minimum offering requirement by: 
 
 each person known to us to be expected to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding Common Shares; 
 each of our Trustees and each of our executive officers; and 
 all of our Trustees and executive officers as a group. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. There are no Common Shares subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 18, 2024. 
 Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address (1) 
 Number Percentage Interested Trustees Armen Panossian Independent Trustees Jay Ferguson Deborah Gero Allison Keller Steven Mosko Executive Officers who are not Trustees Mathew Pendo Raghav Khanna Christopher McKown Ashley Pak Other Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. 4,000,000 2.8 All officers and Trustees as a group (9 persons) __________ 
 Less than 0.1 . 
 (1) The address of Oaktree Fund GP I, L.P. and each of our Trustees and executive officers listed in the table above is Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28 th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 
 The following table sets forth the dollar range of our equity securities as of December 18, 2024. 
 Name and Address (1) 
 Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Company (2)(3)(4) 
 Aggregate Dollar Range of Equity Securities in the Fund Complex (2)(3)(4) 
 Interested Trustees Armen Panossian None over 100,000 Independent Trustees Jay Ferguson None None Deborah Gero None over 100,000 Allison Keller None None Steven Mosko None None 
 __________ 
 (1) The address of each of our Trustees listed in the table above is Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, c/o Oaktree Capital 
 Management, L.P., 333 South Grand Avenue 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 (2) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 (3) The dollar range of equities securities beneficially owned by our Trustees is based on our NAV as of September 30, 2024. 
 (4) The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned are: none, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000 or over 100,000. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons 

178 

Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. For purposes of the Investment Advisory Agreement, net assets means the Company s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We also pay the Adviser a two-part incentive fee based on (i) the amount by which our pre-incentive fee net investment income returns exceed a certain hurdle rate and (ii) our capital gains. In addition, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, we will reimburse the Adviser and Administrator for certain expenses as they occur. See Part I, Item 1. Business Investment Advisory Agreement, Item 1. Business Administration Agreement, and Item 1. Business Expenses of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of Independent trustees, or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 Effective as of February 3, 2022, we have entered into an Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser. The Adviser may elect to pay certain of our expenses on our behalf (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), we will pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company will be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment will automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser did not make any Expense Payments. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company made reimbursement payments of to the Adviser, which includes reimbursement of Expense Payments made by the Adviser for prior periods. 
 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 The Adviser has received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is the Adviser or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser, as well as certain Oaktree proprietary accounts, to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or BDC s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the SEC order. 
 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 
 The Independent Trustees of the Company are required to review, approve or ratify any transactions with related persons (as such term is defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Trustee Independence 
 
 For information regarding the independence of our trustees, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 179 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Independent Auditor s Fees 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP EY ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 2024 2023 Audit Fees 610,000 320,000 Audit-Related Fees 10,000 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees: Tax Fees 63,100 38,200 All Other Fees Total Aggregate Non-Audit Fees 63,100 38,200 Total Fees 673,100 368,200 
 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 
 Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance. 
 
 All Other Fees . All other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 
 Aggregate Non-Audit Fees . Aggregate non-audit fees billed by EY to Oaktree and its affiliates who provide on-going services to the Company during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 were 10,869,686. The Audit Committee does not consider the provision of such services to be incompatible with maintaining EY s independence. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 

(a) Documents filed as part of this annual report 
 
 The following reports and financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 104 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 105 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 107 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 108 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the period from December 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to September 30, 2022 109 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2024 111 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2023 122 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 130 

180 

(b) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 
 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on January 31, 2024) 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (b) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on January 31, 2024) 4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on May 9, 2024) 4.2 
 Description of Securities 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2023, between Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 14, 2023.) 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2023, relating to the 8.400 Notes due 2028, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 14, 2023.) 4.5 
 Form of 8.400 Notes due 2028 sold in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act (contained in the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4 hereto.) 4.6 
 Form of 8.400 Notes due 2028 sold in reliance upon Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7) or (9) under the Securities Act (contained in the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4 hereto.) 4.7 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 23, 2024, relating to the 6.500 Notes due 2029, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on form 8-K, filed July 23, 2024) 4.8 
 Form of 6.500 Notes due 2029 sold in reliance upon Rule 144A under the Securities Act (contained in the Second Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.7 hereto) 4.9 
 Form of 6.500 Notes due 2029 sold in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act (contained in the Second Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.7 hereto) 10.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Distribution Manager Agreement between the Company and the Distribution Manager, dated as of May 9, 2024 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Form of Selected Intermediary Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(3) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on May 9, 2024) 10.3 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Company and Adviser, dated as of February 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-01471), filed on December 14, 2022.) 10.4 
 Services Agreement between the Company and DST Systems, Inc., as Transfer Agent, dated as of December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-01471), filed on December 14, 2022.) 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan, dated as of May 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e)(2) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on May 9, 2024) 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Distribution and Servicing Plan, dated as of May 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (h)(6) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on May 9, 2024) 10.7 
 Amended and Restated Multi-Class Plan, dated as of February 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(5) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Post-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-261775), filed on May 9, 2024) 10.8 
 Custody Agreement between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Custodian, dated as of February 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-01471), filed on December 14, 2022.) 10.9 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, among the Company, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto and ING Capital LLC, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 31, 2022.) 
 
 181 

10.10 
 Incremental Commitment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2022, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantor party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and MUFG Bank, LTD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022.) 10.11 
 Incremental Commitment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantor party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank, Apple Bank For Savings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-01471), filed on December 14, 2022.) 10.12 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 28, 2023, to that certain Senior Secured Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, as amended prior to June 28, 2023, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantor party thereto, the lenders named therein and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 5, 2023.) 10.13 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 1, 2023.) 10.14 
 Sale and Participation Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, between OSCF Lending SPV, LLC, as buyer, and Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as seller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 1, 2023.) 10.15 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 5, 2023, to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2023.) 10.16 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 29, 2024, to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among OSCF Lending SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as parent and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as collateral agent and securities intermediary, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (13)(l) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14, filed July 26, 2024). 10.17 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as account bank, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral custodian, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 5, 2023.) 10.18 
 Sale and Participation Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, between OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC, as buyer, and Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as seller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 5, 2023.) 10.19 
 First Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2023, by and among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as servicer, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, collateral agent and lender, Citibank, N.A., as account bank and collateral custodian and Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed February 13, 2024) 10.20 
 Amendment No. 2 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2024, to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, among OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as account bank, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral custodian, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 13, 2024) 10.21 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2023, among OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor and servicer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as securities intermediary, collateral custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 27, 2023.) 10.22 
 First Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2024, to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2023, among OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor and servicer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as securities intermediary, collateral custodian, collateral agent and collateral administrator, the lenders party thereto, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (13)(p) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14, filed July 26, 2024). 10.23 
 Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024, among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 22, 2024) 
 
 182 

10.24 
 First Amendment to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024, among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (13)(s) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14, filed July 26, 2024). 10.25 
 Second Amendment to Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024, among OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as servicer and equityholder, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as facility agent, the other agents parties thereto and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and collateral custodian 10.26 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024, among OSCF Lending II SPV, LLC, as borrower, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as transferor and servicer, Citibank, N.A., as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian, Virtus Group, LP, as collateral administrator, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc., as the administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 28, 2024) 14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-01471), filed on December 14, 2022.) 19.1 
 21 OSCF Blocker Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) OSCF Lending SPV, LLC (Delaware) OSCF Lending II SPV, LLC (Delaware) OSCF Lending III SPV, LLC (Delaware) OSCF Lending IV SPV, LLC (Delaware) OSCF Lending V SPV, LLC (Delaware) 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 183 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND By: /s/ Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer By: /s/ Christopher McKown Christopher McKown Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Date: December 18, 2024 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Armen Panossian and Christopher McKown, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and on his behalf and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign, execute and file this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, and any or all amendments to this Report, with all exhibits and any and all documents required to be filed with respect thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority, granting unto such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done in order to effectuate the same, as fully to all intents and purposes as he himself might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

184 

Signature Title Date /s/ Armen Panossian 
 Armen Panossian 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer (principal executive officer) December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Christopher McKown 
 Christopher McKown 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Jay Ferguson 
 Jay Ferguson 
 Trustee December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Deborah A. Gero 
 Deborah A. Gero 
 Trustee December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Allison Keller 
 Allison Keller 
 Trustee December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Steve Mosko 
 Steve Mosko 
 Trustee December 18, 2024 

185 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42_descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of Delaware law and on Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund s (the Fund, we, us, or our Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Declaration of Trust and amended and restated bylaws bylaws ), each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to Delaware law, our Declaration of Trust and our bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is attached as an exhibit. 
 General 
 The terms of the Declaration of Trust authorize an unlimited number of Common Shares of any class, par value 0.01 per share, of which 142,022,518 shares were outstanding as of December 17, 2024, and an unlimited number of shares of preferred shares, par value 0.01 per share, none of which were outstanding as of December 17, 2024. The Declaration of Trust provides that the Board of Trustees may classify or reclassify any unissued Common Shares into one or more classes or series of Common Shares or preferred shares by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, or limitations as to dividends, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the shares. There is currently no market for our Common Shares, and we can offer no assurances that a market for our shares will develop in the future. We do not intend for the Common Shares to be listed on any national securities exchange. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our shares. No shares have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, shareholders will be entitled to the same limited liability extended to shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq. Our Declaration of Trust provides that no shareholder will be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to us by reason of being a shareholder, nor will any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with the Fund s assets or the affairs of the Fund by reason of being a shareholder. 
 None of our shares are subject to further calls or to assessments, sinking fund provisions, obligations of the Fund or potential liabilities associated with ownership of the security (not including investment risks). In addition, except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of Common Shares, no shareholder will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 
 Common Shares 
 Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, all Common Shares will have equal rights as to voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Dividends and distributions may be paid to the holders of our Common Shares if, as and when authorized by our Board of Trustees and declared by us out of funds legally available therefore. Except as may be provided by our Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, our Common Shares will have no preemptive, exchange, conversion, appraisal or redemption rights and will be freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our Common Shares would be entitled to share pro rata in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred shares, if any preferred shares are outstanding at such time. Subject to the rights of holders of any other class or series of shares, each share of our Common Shares will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of Trustees. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, and subject to the express terms of any class or series of preferred shares, the holders of our Common Shares will possess exclusive voting power. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of Trustees. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred shares to elect Trustees, each 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

Trustee will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to such Trustee s election except in the case of a contested election (as defined in our bylaws), in which case Trustees will be elected by a majority of the votes cast in the contested election of Trustees. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect trustees. 
 Class S Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if an investor purchases Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NA V for Class S shares. 
 We pay the Distribution Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NA V of our outstanding Class S shares, including any Class S shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Distribution Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class T Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class T shares, however, if an investor purchases Class T shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NA V for Class T shares. The 3.5 includes a maximum of 3.0 for upfront selling commissions and a maximum of 0.50 for the dealer fee, for a total maximum upfront placement fee of 3.5 
 We pay the Distribution Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class T shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NA V of our outstanding Class T shares, including any Class T shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Distribution Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if an investor purchases Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 1.5 cap on NA V for Class D shares. 
 We pay the Distribution Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NA V of all our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Distribution Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, (3) through transaction brokerage platforms 
 2 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

at participating brokers, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to a prospectus relating to such shares. 
 Class I Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge investors transaction or other such fees on Class I Shares. 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (4) through certain registered investment advisers, (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of Oaktree or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to a prospectus relating to such shares. In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a relationship with a participating broker for our continuous public offering and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker for such offering, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NA V amount of Class I shares. 
 Other Terms of Common Shares 
 We will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares, Class T shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of this offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with this offering, including the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary offering. In addition, as required by exemptive relief allowing us to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Distribution Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and or distribution fees paid with respect to any single share held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share (or a lower limit as determined by the Distribution Manager or the applicable selling agent), we will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares, Class T shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed 10 of the offering price of such share. We may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the applicable Class S shares, Class T shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NA V as such Class S, Class T or Class D shares. In addition, immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class S share, Class T share and Class D share will automatically convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NA V as such share. 
 Preferred Shares 
 Under the terms of the Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may authorize us to issue preferred shares in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the Investment Company Act. The Board of Trustees has the power to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred shares. We do not currently anticipate issuing preferred shares in the near future. In the event we issue preferred shares, we will make any required disclosure to shareholders. We will not offer preferred shares to the Adviser or our affiliates except on the same terms as offered to all other shareholders. 
 3 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

Preferred shares could be issued with terms that would adversely affect the shareholders, provided that we may not issue any preferred shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of our Common Shares. Preferred shares could also be used as an anti-takeover device through the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred shares with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. Every issuance of preferred shares will be required to comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to common shares and before any purchase of common shares is made, such preferred shares together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred shares, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two Trustees at all times and to elect a majority of the Trustees if distributions on such preferred shares are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the Investment Company Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred shares (as determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act) voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred shares would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 The issuance of any preferred shares must be approved by a majority of our independent Trustees not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 Limitation on Liability of Trustees and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Delaware law permits a Delaware statutory trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision to indemnify and hold harmless any trustee or beneficial owner or other person from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever. Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Trustees will not be liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a trustee to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our Declaration of Trust provides for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted, and in the manner provided, by Delaware law. In accordance with the Investment Company Act, we will not indemnify certain persons for any liability to which such persons would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and subject to certain exceptions described therein, we will indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (i) any individual who is a present or former Trustee or officer of the Fund and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (ii) any individual who, while a Trustee or officer of the Fund and at the request of the Fund, serves or has served as a trustee, officer, partner or trustee of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity (each such person, an Indemnitee ), in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not provide indemnification for any loss, liability or expense arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by an Indemnitee unless (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 We will not indemnify an Indemnitee against any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnitee unless (i) the Fund determines in good faith that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best interest of the Fund, (ii) the Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund, (iii) such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is a Trustee (other than an independent Trustee), officer, employee, controlling person or agent of the Fund, or (B) gross negligence or 
 4 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

willful misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is an independent Trustee, and (iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of assets of the Fund and not from the shareholders. 
 In addition, the Declaration of Trust permits the Fund to advance reasonable expenses to an Indemnitee, and we will do so in advance of final disposition of a proceeding (a) if the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Fund, (b) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a shareholder or, if by a shareholder of the Fund acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement and (c) upon the Fund s receipt of (i) a written affirmation by the trustee or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund and (ii) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Declaration of Trust Provisions 
 Organization and Duration 
 We were formed in Delaware on November 24, 2021, and will remain in existence until dissolved in accordance with our Declaration of Trust or pursuant to Delaware law. 
 Purpose 
 Under the Declaration of Trust, we are permitted to engage in any business activity that lawfully may be conducted by a statutory trust organized under Delaware law and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the rights and powers conferred upon us pursuant to the agreements relating to such business activity. 
 Our Declaration of Trust contains provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, authorize the issuance of shares in one or more classes or series, including preferred shares our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, amend our Declaration of Trust to increase the number of our Common Shares, of any class or series, that we will have authority to issue and our Declaration of Trust provides that, while we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board of Trustees will be divided into three classes of Trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Trustees. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 Sales and Leases to the Fund 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the Investment Company Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC with respect to the purchase of assets, we may not purchase or lease assets in which a Trustee, the Adviser or any of its affiliates have an interest unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction was fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the assets are sold or leased upon terms that are reasonable to us and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as determined by an independent expert. However, the Adviser may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection therewith) and temporarily hold title, for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for us, or the completion of construction of the assets, so long as all of the following conditions are met (i) the assets are purchased by us at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired will be treated as belonging to us and (iii) there are no other benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser apart from compensation otherwise permitted by the Omnibus Guidelines, as adopted by the NASAA. 
 5 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

Sales and Leases to our Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the Investment Company Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we may not sell assets to a Trustee, the Adviser or any of its affiliates unless such sale is approved by the holders of a majority of our outstanding Common Shares. Our Declaration of Trust also provides that we may not lease assets to the Adviser or any affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction occurred at or prior to February 3, 2022, the commencement of our continuous public offering and was fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to us. 
 Loans 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, except for the advancement of indemnification funds, no loans, credit facilities, credit agreements or otherwise may be made by us to the Adviser or any of its affiliates. 
 Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that we generally may not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with the reinvestment of cash available for distribution, available reserves, or the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing limitation does not encompass the fees that we pay to the Adviser pursuant to our investment advisory agreement with the Adviser. 
 Lending Practices 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, with respect to financing made available to us by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Adviser s cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser may not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financing and the Adviser may not receive points or other financing charges. In addition, the Adviser will be prohibited from providing financing to us with a term in excess of 12 months. 
 Number of Trustees Vacancies Removal 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of Trustees will be set by our Board of Trustees in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board of Trustees may at any time increase or decrease the number of Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of Trustees generally may not be less than three. Except as otherwise required by applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and as may be provided by our Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, pursuant to an election under our Declaration of Trust, any and all vacancies on our Board of Trustees may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining Trustees in office, even if the remaining Trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any Trustee elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the Trustee for whom the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified, subject to any applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. Independent Trustees will nominate replacements for any vacancies among the independent Trustees positions. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that a Trustee may be removed (i) by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of a Trustee that is not an interested person, a majority of the remaining Trustees that are not interested persons) but only for cause, or (ii) at any time, upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of our outstanding Common Shares entitled to vote, with or without cause (in the case where our Board of Trustees is not classified). 
 We have a total of 5 members of our Board of Trustees, 4 of whom are independent Trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that a majority of our Board of Trustees must be independent Trustees except for a period of up to 60 days after 
 6 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

the death, removal or resignation of an independent Trustee pending the election of his or her successor. If we do not have a classified Board of Trustees, then each Trustee will hold office until his or her death, resignation, removal or incapacity, or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. While we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board of Trustees will be divided into three classes of Trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. 
 Determinations by Our Board of Trustees 
 Our Declaration of Trust contains a provision that states the authority of our Board of Trustees to manage our business and affairs. This provision enumerates certain matters and states that the determination as to any such enumerated matters made by or pursuant to the direction of our Board of Trustees and consistent with our Declaration of Trust is final and conclusive and binding upon us and our shareholders. This provision does not alter the duties our Board of Trustees owes to us or our shareholders pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, under Delaware law and under the Investment Company Act. Further, it would not restrict the ability of a shareholder to challenge an action by our Board of Trustees which was taken in a manner that is inconsistent with our Declaration of Trust or the Board of Trustees duties under Delaware law and the Investment Company Act or which did not comply with the requirements of the provision. 
 Action by Shareholders 
 Our bylaws provide that shareholder action can be taken only at a special meeting of shareholders or by unanimous consent in lieu of a meeting. The shareholders will only have voting rights as required by the Investment Company Act or as otherwise provided for in the Declaration of Trust. Under our Declaration of Trust and bylaws, the Fund is required to hold annual meetings of its shareholders to consider such matters as may appropriately come before such meeting. The Fund s annual meeting of shareholders will occur upon reasonable notice and within a reasonable period (not less than 30 days) following the delivery of the Fund s annual report to the shareholders. See Reports to Shareholders. Special meetings may be called by the Trustees and certain of our officers, and will be limited to the purposes for any such special meeting set forth in the notice thereof. In addition, our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the shareholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of shareholders will be called by the secretary upon the written request of shareholders entitled to cast 10 or more of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. Our Board of Trustees is required to set a special meeting date within ten days after receipt of a valid shareholder special meeting request, which special meeting date must be not less than 15 days nor more than 60 days after the secretary provides shareholders with notice of such special meeting. If the Board of Trustees fails to set a special meeting date within such ten-day period, our bylaws provide procedures for the determination of the date, time and location of the special meeting, which must be held on the 60th day after the record date for such special meeting. 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Trustees at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board of Trustees or (3) provided that the Board of Trustees has determined that Trustees will be elected at the meeting, by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
 Our Declaration of Trust also provides that, subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the following actions may be taken by the shareholders, without concurrence by our Board of Trustees or the Adviser, upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Common Shares of the Fund entitled to vote to 
 modify the Declaration of Trust 
 remove the Adviser or appoint a new investment adviser 
 dissolve the Fund 
 7 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or 
 remove any Trustee with or without cause (provided the aggregate number of Trustees after such removal shall not be less than the minimum required by the Declaration of Trust). 
 The purpose of requiring shareholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board of Trustees a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Trustees, to inform shareholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of shareholders. Although our Declaration of Trust does not give our Board of Trustees any power to disapprove shareholder nominations for the election of Trustees or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of Trustees or the consideration of shareholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of trustees or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 
 Our Adviser may not, without the approval of a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Common Shares of the Fund entitled to vote on such matters 
 amend the investment advisory agreement except for amendments that would not adversely affect the rights of our shareholders 
 except as otherwise permitted under the Investment Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as our investment adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect our tax status and would not materially adversely affect our shareholders 
 appoint a new investment adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and applicable law) 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business or 
 cause the merger or similar reorganization of the Fund. 
 Amendment of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that shareholders are entitled to vote upon a proposed amendment to the Declaration of Trust if the amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares held by such shareholders so as to affect them adversely. Approval of any such amendment requires at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. In addition, amendments to our Declaration of Trust to make our Common Shares a redeemable security or to convert the Fund, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company each must be approved by (a) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter prior to the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange and (b) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter upon and following the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. Except as described above and for certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust relating to shareholder voting and the removal of trustees, our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without any vote of our shareholders. 
 8 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

Actions by the Board Related to Merger, Conversion, Reorganization or Dissolution 
 The Board of Trustees may, with the affirmative vote of the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Common Shares of the Fund present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter, cause a merger, conversion, consolidation or other reorganization of the Fund. The Fund will not permit the Adviser to cause the merger or other reorganization of the Fund without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding Common Shares of the Fund entitled to vote on the matter. The Fund may be dissolved at any time, without the approval of holders of our outstanding shares, upon affirmative vote by a majority of the Trustees. 
 Derivative Actions 
 No person, other than a Trustee, who is not a shareholder will be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Fund. The foregoing provision will not apply to claims brought under the federal securities laws. 
 In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Fund only if the following conditions are met (i) the shareholder or shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Board of Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Board of Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed and a demand on the Board of Trustees will only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Board of Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Board of Trustees who are not independent Trustees (as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) above, the Board of Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim and will be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request. For purposes of this paragraph, the Board of Trustees may designate a committee of one or more Trustees to consider a shareholder demand. 
 Direct Actions 
 To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the shareholders right to bring direct actions against the Fund and or its Trustees is eliminated, except for a direct action to enforce an individual shareholder s right to vote or a direct action to enforce an individual shareholder s rights under Sections 3805(e) or 3819 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. To the extent such right cannot be eliminated to this extent as a matter of Delaware law, then the conditions required for the bringing of a derivative action pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act shall be equally applicable to bringing a direct action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the foregoing provision will not apply to claims brought under federal securities laws. 
 Exclusive Delaware Jurisdiction 
 Each Trustee, each officer and each person legally or beneficially owning a share or an interest in a share of the Fund (whether through a broker, dealer, bank, trust company or clearing corporation or an agent of any of the foregoing or otherwise), to the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 3804(e) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, (i) irrevocably agrees that any claims, suits, actions or proceedings asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs (or similar) doctrine or arising out of or relating in any way to the Fund, the Delaware Statutory Trust Act or the Declaration of Trust (including, without limitation, any claims, suits, actions or proceedings to interpret, apply or enforce (A) the provisions of the Declaration of Trust, (B) the duties (including fiduciary duties), obligations or liabilities of the Fund to the shareholders or the Board of Trustees, or of officers or the Board of Trustees to the Fund, to the shareholders or each other, (C) the rights or powers of, or restrictions on, the Fund, the officers, the Board of Trustees or the shareholders, (D) any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act or other laws of the State of Delaware pertaining to trusts made applicable to the Fund pursuant to Section 3809 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, (E) any other instrument, document, agreement or certificate contemplated by any provision of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act or the Declaration of Trust relating in any way to the Fund or (F) the securities or antifraud laws of any international, national, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or 
 9 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (regardless, in each case, of whether such claims, suits, actions or proceedings (x) sound in contract, tort, fraud or otherwise, (y) are based on common law, statutory, equitable, legal or other grounds or (z) are derivative or direct claims)), will be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, (ii) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such claim, suit, action or proceeding, (iii) irrevocably agrees not to, and waives any right to, assert in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding that (A) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such courts or any other court to which proceedings in such courts may be appealed, (B) such claim, suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or (C) the venue of such claim, suit, action or proceeding is improper, (iv) consents to process being served in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices hereunder, and agrees that such service will constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof provided, nothing in clause (iv) hereof will affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law and (v) irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any such claim, suit, action or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Declaration of Trust provides that the provision creating exclusive Delaware jurisdiction will not be effective to require a waiver of compliance with any provision of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the Investment Company Act, or of any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder. The exclusive jurisdiction provision will not apply to claims brought under the federal securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state thereof. 
 Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, which, in general terms, is any transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of securities of an entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, we will obtain an appraisal of all of our properties from an independent expert. In order to qualify as an independent expert for this purpose, the person or entity must have no material current or prior business or personal relationship with us and must be engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by us, who is qualified to perform such work. Our assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and will indicate the value of our assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed roll-up transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of our assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement of such independent expert will clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our shareholders. We will include a summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, in a report to the shareholders in connection with the proposed roll-up transaction. If the appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of the roll-up entity, the appraisal will be filed with the SEC and the states as an exhibit to the registration statement for the offering. 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, the person sponsoring the roll-up transaction must offer to the shareholders who vote against the proposal a choice of 
 accepting the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction offered in the proposed roll-up transaction or 
 one of the following 
 remaining as shareholders and preserving their interests in us on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 receiving cash in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the appraised value of our net assets. 
 10 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

We are prohibited from participating in any proposed roll-up transaction 
 which would result in shareholders having voting rights in the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction that are less than those provided in the charter, including rights with respect to the election and removal of directors, annual and special meetings, amendments to the charter and our dissolution 
 which includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of Common Shares by any purchaser of the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of such entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction on the basis of the number of shares held by that investor 
 in which shareholders rights to access to records of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction will be less than those provided in the charter 
 in which we would bear any of the costs of the roll-up transaction if the shareholders reject the roll-up transaction or 
 unless the organizational documents of the entity that would survive the roll-up transaction provide that neither its adviser nor its intermediary-manager may vote or consent on matters submitted to its shareholders regarding the removal of its adviser or any transaction between it and its adviser or any of its affiliates. 
 Access to Records 
 Any shareholder will be permitted access, for any purpose reasonably related to the shareholder s interest, to the following (i) the books and records and ledger of the Fund, (ii) a statement of the Fund s affairs and (iii) a shareholder list. Access will be permitted at all reasonable times and such shareholder may inspect and copy any of the foregoing listed items for a reasonable copying charge. Inspection of our records by the office or agency administering the securities laws of a jurisdiction will be provided upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours. An alphabetical list of the names, addresses and business telephone numbers of our shareholders, along with the number of Common Shares held by each of them, will be maintained as part of our books and records and will be available for inspection by any shareholder or the shareholder s designated agent at our office. The shareholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. A copy of the list will be mailed to any shareholder who requests the list within ten days of the request. A shareholder may request a copy of the shareholder list for any proper and legitimate purpose, including, without limitation, in connection with matters relating to voting rights and the exercise of shareholder rights under federal proxy laws. A shareholder requesting a list will be required to pay reasonable costs of postage and duplication. Such copy of the shareholder list will be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). 
 A shareholder may also request access to any other corporate records. If a proper request for the shareholder list or any other corporate records is not honored, then the requesting shareholder will be entitled to recover certain costs incurred in compelling the production of the list or other requested corporate records as well as actual damages suffered by reason of the refusal or failure to produce the list. However, a shareholder will not have the right to, and we may require a requesting shareholder to represent that it will not, secure the shareholder list or other information for the purpose of selling or using the list for a commercial purpose not related to the requesting shareholder s interest in our affairs. We may also require that such shareholder sign a confidentiality agreement in connection with the request. 
 Reports to Shareholders 
 Within 60 days after each fiscal quarter, we will distribute our quarterly report on Form 10-Q to all shareholders of record. In addition, we will distribute our annual report on Form 10-K to all shareholders within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, which must contain, among other things, a breakdown of the expenses reimbursed by us to 
 11 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

the Adviser. These reports will also be available on our website at https osc.brookfieldoaktree.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Subject to availability, a shareholder may authorize us to provide prospectuses, prospectus supplements, annual reports and other information, or documents, electronically by so indicating on its subscription agreement, or by sending us instructions in writing in a form acceptable to us to receive such documents electronically. Unless a shareholder elects in writing to receive documents electronically, all documents will be provided in paper form by mail. A shareholder must have internet access to use electronic delivery. While we impose no additional charge for this service, there may be potential costs associated with electronic delivery, such as on-line charges. Documents will be available on our website. A shareholder may access and print all documents provided through this service. As documents become available, we will notify shareholders of this by sending an e-mail message that will include instructions on how to retrieve the document. If our e-mail notification to a shareholder is returned to us as undeliverable, we will contact the shareholder to obtain its updated e-mail address. If we are unable to obtain a valid e-mail address for such shareholder, we will resume sending a paper copy by regular U.S. mail to such shareholder s address of record. A shareholder may revoke its consent for electronic delivery at any time by contacting Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund at (855) 777-8001 and we will resume sending such shareholder a paper copy of all required documents. However, in order for us to be properly notified, a shareholder s revocation must be given to us a reasonable time before electronic delivery has commenced. We will provide shareholders with paper copies at any time upon request. Such request will not constitute revocation of a shareholder s consent to receive required documents electronically. 
 Conflict with the Investment Company Act 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, if and to the extent that any provision of Delaware law, or any provision of our Declaration of Trust conflicts with any provision of the Investment Company Act, the applicable provision of the Investment Company Act will control. 
 12 
 
 4927-9255-3477 v.2 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 exhibit101_oscf3rdardistri.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED DISTRIBUTION MANAGER AGREEMENT 
 May 9, 2024 
 Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor 
 New York, NY 10281 
 
 This Third Amended and Restated Distribution Manager Agreement (this Agreement is entered into by and between Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company and Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (the Distribution Manager and amends and restates in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Distribution Manager Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, between the Company and the Distribution Manager. 
 The Company has filed one or more registration statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that are listed on Schedule 1 to this Agreement (each, a Registration Statement ), which Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time with the written consent of the Company and the Distribution Manager. In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Registration Statement means, at any given time, each of the registration statements listed on Schedule 1, as such Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time, as each such registration statement is finally amended and revised at the effective date of the registration statement (including at the effective date of any post-effective amendment thereto). 
 Each Registration Statement shall register an ongoing offering (each, an Offering of the Company s common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share Common Shares ), which may consist of Class T, Class S, Class D and or Class I shares of Common Shares (the Shares ). In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, the Offering means each Offering covered by a Registration Statement and Shares means the Shares being offered in the Offering. 
 The Offering is and shall be comprised of a maximum amount of Shares set forth in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 1.a. below) that will be issued and sold to the public at the public offering prices per Share set forth in the Prospectus pursuant to a primary offering (the Primary Shares ). The Company will also issue shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP Shares ). In connection with the Offering, the minimum purchase by any one person shall be as set forth in the Prospectus (except as otherwise indicated in any letter or memorandum from the Company to the Distribution Manager and, as applicable, a Broker (as defined below)). 
 In this Agreement, unless explicitly stated otherwise, any references to the Registration Statement, the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus with respect to each other shall mean only those that are all related to the same Registration Statement. 
 The Company is offering to the public Class T Shares, Class S Shares, Class D Shares and Class I Shares. The differences between the classes of Shares and the eligibility requirements for each class are described in detail in the Prospectus. The Shares are to be offered and sold to the public as described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus. Except as otherwise 

agreed by the Company and the Distribution Manager, Shares sold through the Distribution Manager and the brokers (each a Broker and collectively, the Brokers with whom the Distribution Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected intermediary agreement related to the distribution of Shares substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A or such other form as approved by the Company (each a Selected Intermediary Agreement are to be sold at a purchase price equal to the Company s then-current net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased plus any sales charge applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (calculated in accordance with procedures set out in the Prospectus). For shareholders who participate in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan, the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each shareholder owns will be automatically invested in additional shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to shareholders of the Company at a purchase price equal to the most recent available NAV per share for such shares at the time the distribution is payable. 
 As described under the caption Share Repurchase Plan in the Prospectus, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase Shares in any particular quarter, the Company expects to repurchase Shares pursuant to tender offers at the expiration of the tender offer using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter, except that Shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of such NAV (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). 
 In the event of the occurrence of a Key Person Event (as defined below), the Company will waive (the Early Repurchase Waiver the Early Repurchase Deduction until the earlier of (i) eight (8) repurchase dates occurring after the Key Person Event and (ii) the appointment of a Qualified Replacement (as defined below), after which, in either case, the Early Repurchase Waiver shall terminate. A Key Person Event will occur if Armen Panossian or his Qualified Replacement (as defined below, each a Key Executive fails to remain actively involved in the investment activities of the Company or Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliates (a Key Person Event ). A Qualified Replacement means a senior investment professional selected by the Adviser to replace a Key Executive upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event provided that such replacement has been approved by either (a) a majority of the Company s trustees who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of the Company or (b) the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares, and upon either such approval, such selection will constitute a Qualified Replacement. 
 Terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the Prospectus. Now, therefore, the Company hereby agrees with the Distribution Manager as follows 
 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company The Company represents and warrants to the Distribution Manager and each Broker participating in an Offering, with respect to such Offering, as applicable, that 
 a. A Registration Statement with respect to the Shares has been prepared by the Company in accordance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, covering the Shares. Copies of such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto have been or will be delivered 
 
 2 

to the Distribution Manager. The prospectus contained therein, as finally amended and revised at the effective date of the Registration Statement (including at the effective date of any post-effective amendment thereto), is hereinafter referred to as the Prospectus, except that if the prospectus or prospectus supplement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act shall differ from the Prospectus on file at the Effective Date, the term Prospectus shall also include such prospectus or prospectus supplement filed pursuant to Rule 424. Effective Date means the applicable date upon which the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto is or was first declared effective by the SEC. Filing Date means the applicable date upon which the initial Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed with the SEC. 
 b. The Company has been duly and validly organized and formed as a statutory trust under the laws of the state of Delaware, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus. 
 c. As of the Effective Date or Filing Date, as applicable, the Registration Statement and Prospectus complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Registration Statement, as of the applicable Effective Date, does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading and the Prospectus as of the applicable Filing Date, does not and will not contain any untrue statements of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.c. will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or Prospectus as are primarily within the knowledge of the Distribution Manager or any of the Brokers and are based upon information furnished by the Distribution Manager or any of the Brokers in writing to the Company specifically for inclusion therein. 
 d. The Company intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Prospectus. 
 e. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares, except such as may be required under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or applicable state securities laws. 
 f. Unless otherwise described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Company. 
 g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Company will not conflict with or constitute a default under any declaration of trust, by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, rule, regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any 
 
 3 

government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 
 h. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 
 i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Prospectus and the Company s declaration of trust, as amended and supplemented, and upon payment therefor as provided by the Prospectus and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus. 
 j. The Company has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and all assessments received by the Company to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Company is contesting such assessments in good faith. 
 k. The financial statements of the Company included in the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the date indicated and the results of its operations for the periods specified said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 
 l. Upon the commencement of the Offering, the Company will be a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the 1940 Act, and has not withdrawn such election, and the SEC has not ordered that such election be withdrawn nor to the Company s knowledge have proceedings to effectuate such withdrawal been initiated or threatened by the SEC. 
 m. Any and all printed sales literature or other materials which have been approved in advance in writing by the Company and appropriate regulatory agencies for use in the Offering Authorized Sales Materials prepared by the Company and any of its affiliates (excluding the Distribution Manager) specifically for use with potential investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Prospectus, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Prospectus, not misleading. If at any time any event occurs which is known to the Company as a result of which such Authorized Sales Materials when used in conjunction with the Prospectus would include an untrue statement of a material fact or, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, the Company will notify the Distribution Manager thereof. 
 
 4 

n. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (i) no person is serving or acting as an officer, trustee or investment adviser of the Company, except in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and the applicable published rules and regulations thereunder, and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no trustee of the Company is an affiliated person (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Distribution Manager. 
 2. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Distribution Manager that 
 a. It will, at no expense to the Distribution Manager, furnish the Distribution Manager with such number of printed copies of the Registration Statement, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, as the Distribution Manager may reasonably request. It will similarly furnish to the Distribution Manager and others designated by the Distribution Manager as many copies of the following documents as the Distribution Manager may reasonably request (a) the Prospectus in preliminary and final form and every form of supplemental or amended prospectus and (b) any other Authorized Sales Materials (provided that the use of said Authorized Sales Materials has been first approved for use by all appropriate regulatory agencies). 
 b. It will furnish such proper information and execute and file such documents as may be necessary for the Company to qualify the Shares for offer and sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Distribution Manager may reasonably designate and will file and make in each year such statements and reports as may be required. The Company will furnish to the Distribution Manager upon request a copy of such papers filed by the Company in connection with any such qualification. 
 c. It will (a) use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective (b) furnish copies of any proposed amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or Prospectus to the Distribution Manager (c) file every amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that may be required by the SEC and (d) if at any time the SEC shall issue any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, it will promptly notify the Distribution Manager and, to the extent the Company determines such action is in the best interests of the Company, use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting of such order. 
 d. If at any time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act any event occurs as a result of which, in the opinion of either the Company or the Distribution Manager, the Prospectus would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Distribution Manager thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Distribution Manager) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemental Prospectus which will correct such statement or omission. The Company will then promptly prepare such amended or supplemental Prospectus or Prospectuses as may be necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act. 
 e. It will disclose a per share estimated value of the Shares and related information in 
 
 5 

accordance with the requirements of FINRA Rule 2310(b)(5). 
 3. Obligations and Compensation of Distribution Manager 
 a. The Company hereby appoints the Distribution Manager as its agent and principal distributor for the purpose of selling for cash to the public up to the maximum amount of Shares set forth in the Prospectus (subject to the Company s right of reallocation, as described in the Prospectus) through Brokers, all of whom shall be members of FINRA and have entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement substantially in the form of the Selected Intermediary Agreement attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A . The Distribution Manager hereby accepts such agency and distributorship and agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares on such terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus with respect to each Offering and any additional terms or conditions specified in Schedule 2 to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. The Distribution Manager represents to the Company that it is a member in good standing of FINRA and that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. With respect to the Distribution Manager s participation in the distribution of the Shares in the Offering, the Distribution Manager agrees to comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other state or federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares, all applicable state securities or blue sky laws and regulations, and the rules of FINRA applicable to the Offering, from time to time in effect, including, without limitation, FINRA Rules 2040, 2111, 2310, 5110 and 5141. 
 b. Promptly after the initial Effective Date of the Registration Statement, the Distribution Manager shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash to the public in jurisdictions in which the Shares are registered or qualified for sale or in which such offering is otherwise permitted through Brokers who have entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement. The Distribution Manager and the Brokers will immediately suspend or terminate offering of the Shares upon request of the Company at any time and will resume offering the Shares upon subsequent request of the Company. 
 c. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Prospectus, which may be amended and restated from time to time, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 
 3.d. below, the Company will pay to the Distribution Manager a fee for (i) distribution and sales support services (the Distribution Fee ), as applicable, and or (ii) shareholder services (the Servicing Fee , and together with the Distribution Fee, the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee solely with respect to its sales of Class T, Class S and Class D shares as described in Schedule 2 to this Agreement. The Company will pay the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to the Distribution Manager monthly in arrears. The Distribution Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to any Brokers who sold the Class T, Class S or Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of such Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to the extent the Selected Intermediary Agreement with such Broker provides for such a reallowance and such Broker is in compliance with the terms of such Selected Intermediary Agreement related to such reallowance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Prospectus, at such time as the Broker who sold the Class T, Class S or 
 
 6 

Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee is no longer the intermediary of record with respect to such Class T, Class S or Class D Shares or the Broker no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Selected Intermediary Agreement for the receipt of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee, then Broker s entitlement to the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees related to such Class T, Class S and or Class D shares, as applicable, shall cease in, and Broker shall not receive the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee for, the month or any portion thereof wherein Broker was no longer an intermediary of record or no longer satisfied any or all of the conditions set out in its Selected Intermediary Agreement (i.e., Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees are payable with respect to an entire month without any proration). Intermediary transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. 
 Thereafter, such Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee may be reallowed to the then-current intermediary of record of the Class T, Class S and or Class D shares, as applicable, if any such intermediary of record has been designated (the Servicing Broker ), to the extent such Servicing Broker has entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement or similar agreement with the Distribution Manager Servicing Agreement ), such Selected Intermediary Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Broker provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Broker is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Distribution Manager in good faith in their sole discretion. No Broker or Servicing Broker is entitled to any Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee with respect to Class I shares. The Distribution Manager may also reallow some or all of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to other qualified intermediaries who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Brokers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Distribution Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Broker is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. 
 d. Unless otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, at the end of the month in which the Distribution Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees paid with respect to any single share held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such share (or a lower limit as determined by the Distribution Manager or the applicable Broker), the Distribution Manager shall cease receiving the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee on either (i) each such share that would exceed such limit or (ii) all Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account, in the Distribution Manager s discretion. At the end of such month, the applicable Class T shares, Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class T, Class S or Class D shares. In addition, the Distribution Manager will cease receiving the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee on Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares in connection with an Offering (i.e., pursuant to the Registration Statement for such Offering) upon the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of such Offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting 
 
 7 

compensation from all sources in connection with such Offering, including selling commissions, Distribution Manager fees, the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to ten percent (10 of the gross proceeds from Primary Shares sold in such Offering, as determined in good faith by the Distribution Manager in its sole discretion. For purposes of this Agreement, the portion of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee accruing with respect to Class T, Class S and Class D shares of the Company s common shares issued (publicly or privately) by the Company during the term of a particular Offering, and not issued pursuant to a prior Offering, shall be underwriting compensation with respect to such particular Offering and not with respect to any other Offering. 
 e. The terms of any reallowance of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee shall be set forth in the Selected Intermediary Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Brokers or Servicing Brokers, as applicable. The Company will not be liable or responsible to any Broker or Servicing Broker for any reallowance of Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to such Broker or Servicing Broker, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Distribution Manager for payment of Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee to Brokers and Servicing Brokers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Company, the Company may act as agent of the Distribution Manager by making direct payment of Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees to Brokers on behalf of the Distribution Manager without incurring any liability. Further, the Company is not responsible for any transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, charged by Brokers. 
 f. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 3, the Company and or Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (together with its affiliates, the Adviser shall reimburse the Distribution Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Prospectus, to the extent the Prospectus indicates that they will be paid by the Company or the Adviser, as applicable, and to the extent permitted pursuant to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA. 
 g. In addition to reimbursement as provided under Section 3.f, and subject to prevailing rules and regulations of FINRA, the Company shall also pay directly or reimburse the Distribution Manager for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by any Broker as described in the Prospectus. The Distribution Manager shall obtain from any Broker and provide to the Company a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no payments or reimbursements made by the Company with respect to a particular Offering hereunder shall cause total underwriting compensation and total organization and offering expenses, defined under Omnibus Guidelines (as defined in Section 4.a. below) and FINRA rules, to exceed 10 and 15 , respectively, of gross proceeds from such Offering. 
 h. The Distribution Manager represents that it will comply fully with all applicable currency reporting, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and anti-terrorist laws and regulations, and any other applicable laws, rules, regulations and interpretations of any other applicable regulatory or self-regulatory body. 
 i. (i) The Distribution Manager has in place internal controls, policies, and procedures AML Program that are reasonably designed to detect, identify, and report illegal activity, 
 
 8 

including money laundering and further represents that it has implemented, complies with and will comply with anti-money laundering policies and procedures that satisfy and will continue to satisfy the requirements of applicable anti-money laundering and know your customer laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA Patriot Act ), the U.S. International Emergency Economic Powers Act, and the U.S. Trading with the Enemy Act, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 (ii) The Distribution Manager s AML Program, at a minimum (1) designates a compliance office to administer and oversee the AML Program (2) provides ongoing employee training (3) includes an independent audit function to test the effectiveness of the Program (4) establishes internal policies, procedures, and controls that are tailored to its particular business (5) includes a Customer Identification Program CIP consistent with the rules under Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act (6) provides for the filing of all necessary anti-money laundering reports including, but not limited to, suspicious activity reports and (7) provides for screening Clients against the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC list and any other government list that is or becomes required under the USA Patriot Act. The Distribution Manager acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for monitoring and complying with anti-money laundering and CIP requirements applicable to all shareholders. (iii) The Distribution Manager represents and warrants that it has policies, procedures and internal controls in place that are reasonably designed to comply with the UK Bribery Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ), and, where applicable, legislation enacted by member States and signatories implementing the OECD Convention Combating Bribery of Foreign Officials, or any similar statute, rule or policy applicable in any jurisdiction in which Broker engages in any activity hereunder (collectively, the Anti-Corruption Laws ). The Distribution Manager represents and warrants that it has, and will maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement, policies, procedures, and internal controls in place that are reasonably designed to comply with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, including applicable provisions of the FCPA. 
 j. The Distribution Manager represents and warrants to the Company and each person and firm that signs the Registration Statement that the information under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus and all other information furnished to the Company by the Distribution Manager in writing expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 k. The Distribution Manager and all Brokers will offer and sell the Shares at the public offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Prospectus. 
 4. Indemnification . 
 a. To the extent permitted by the Company s declaration of trust, Section 17(h) and Section 17(i) of the 1940 Act, the provisions of Article II.G of the North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time (the Omnibus Guidelines ), and subject to the limitations below, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless each of the 
 
 9 

Brokers and the Distribution Manager, their respective officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Broker or the Distribution Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (as applicable, the Broker Indemnified Persons and the Distribution Manager Indemnified Persons from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities Losses ), joint or several, to which such Broker Indemnified Persons or Distribution Manager Indemnified Persons, as applicable, may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any blue sky application or other document executed by the Company or on its behalf specifically for the purpose of qualifying any or all of the Shares for sale under the securities laws of any jurisdiction or based upon written information furnished by the Company under the securities laws thereof (any such application, document or information being hereinafter called a Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (c) any material violation by the Company of any covenant, representation, warranty or agreement contained in this Agreement or (d) any willful misconduct, fraud, gross negligence or material violation of any applicable law by the Company in the performance of, or failure to perform, its obligations under this Agreement provided, that the Company will not be liable to and will not have any indemnification obligation to any Broker Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person to the extent that such Loss was the direct result of such Person s material breach of this Agreement or the bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or material violation of any applicable law by such Person (as applicable, Broker Disabling Conduct and Distribution Manager Disabling Conduct provided further, that any amounts for reimbursement of expenses advanced to a Broker Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person resulting from this Section 4.a will be repaid to the Company in the event that such expenses resulted from Broker Disabling Conduct or Distribution Manager Disabling Conduct, as applicable. The Company will reimburse the Broker Indemnified Persons and the Distribution Manager Indemnified Persons for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Persons in connection with investigating or defending such Loss. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Company may not indemnify or hold harmless any Broker Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person in any manner that would be inconsistent with the provisions to Article II.G of the Omnibus Guidelines. In particular, but without limitation, the Company may not indemnify or hold harmless any Broker Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person for liabilities arising from or out of a violation of state or federal securities laws, unless one or more of the following conditions are met 
 (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations 
 (ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
 
 10 

(iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which the securities were offered as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Loss or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished (x) to the Company by the Distribution Manager or (y) to the Company or the Distribution Manager by or on behalf of any Broker specifically for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement, any Blue Sky Application or any Authorized Sales Materials, and, further, the Company will not be liable for the portion of any Loss in any such case if it is determined that such Broker or the Distribution Manager was at fault in connection with such portion of the Loss, expense or action. 
 The foregoing indemnity agreement of this Section 4.a. is subject to the further condition that, insofar as it relates to any untrue statement or omission made in the Prospectus (or amendment or supplement thereto) that was eliminated or remedied in any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of an Indemnified Party from whom the person asserting any Losses purchased the Shares that are the subject thereof, if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented was not sent or given to such person at or prior to the time the subscription of such person was accepted by the Company, but only if a copy of the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented had been supplied to the Distribution Manager or the Broker prior to such acceptance. 
 b. The Distribution Manager will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers and trustees (including any person named in the Registration Statement, with his or her consent, as about to become a trustee), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Company Indemnified Persons and the Broker Indemnified Persons, from and against any Losses to which any of the Company Indemnified Persons or Broker Indemnified Persons, as applicable, may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and 
 (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by or on behalf of the Distribution Manager specifically for use with reference to the Distribution Manager in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Company or any use of broker- dealer use only materials with members of the public by the Distribution Manager in the offer 
 
 11 

and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction or (d) any untrue statement made by the Distribution Manager or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or (e) any material violation by the Distribution Manager of any covenant, representation, warranty or agreement contained in this Agreement or (f) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti- terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act or (g) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or (h) or any willful misconduct, fraud, gross negligence or material violation of any applicable law by the Distribution Manager in the performance of, or failure to perform, its obligations under this Agreement provided, that the Distribution Manager will not be liable to and will not have any indemnification obligation to (i) any Company Indemnified Person or Broker Indemnified Person to the extent that such Loss was the direct result of a Company Indemnified Person s material breach of this Agreement or the bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or material violation of any applicable law by such Person Company Disabling Conduct or (ii) to any Broker Indemnified Person to the extent that such Loss was the direct result of Broker Disabling Conduct, as applicable provided further, that any amounts for reimbursement of expenses advanced to a Company Indemnified Person or Broker Indemnified Person resulting from this Section 4.b will be repaid to the Distribution Manager in the event that such expenses resulted from Company Disabling Conduct or Broker Disabling Conduct, as applicable provided further that the Distribution Manager s obligation to indemnify the Company Indemnified Persons and the Broker Indemnified Persons shall be limited to the extent of any fees earned and retained by the Distribution Manager (excluding any fees re-allowed to Brokers) pursuant to this Agreement. The Distribution Manager will reimburse the Company Indemnified Persons and the Broker Indemnified Persons for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Distribution Manager may otherwise have. 
 c. Each Broker severally and not jointly will indemnify and hold harmless the Company Indemnified Persons and the Distribution Manager Indemnified Persons from and against any Losses to which a Company Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person, as applicable, may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any Blue Sky Application or 
 (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company or the Distribution Manager by or on behalf of such Broker specifically for use with reference to such Broker in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement either or in preparation of any Blue Sky Application or Authorized Sales Materials or (c) any use of sales 
 
 12 

literature not authorized or approved by the Company or any use of broker-dealer use only materials with members of the public by such Broker in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction or 
 (d) any untrue statement made by such Broker or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or (e) any material violation by such Broker of any covenant, representation, warranty or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Selected Intermediary Agreement entered into between the Distribution Manager and such Broker or (f) any failure or alleged failure to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act or (g) any other failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or 
 (h) or any willful misconduct, fraud, gross negligence or material violation of any applicable law by such Broker in the performance of, or failure to perform, its obligations under this Agreement or the Selected Intermediary Agreement entered into between the Distribution Manager and such Broker provided, that such Broker will not be liable to and will not have any indemnification obligation to any Company Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person to the extent that such Loss was the direct result of Company Disabling Conduct or Distribution Manager Disabling Conduct, as applicable provided further, that any amounts for reimbursement of expenses advanced to a Company Indemnified Person or Distribution Manager Indemnified Person resulting from this Section 4.c will be repaid to such Broker in the event that such expenses resulted from Company Disabling Conduct or Distribution Manager Disabling Conduct, as applicable. Each such Broker severally and not jointly will reimburse each Company Indemnified Person and Distribution Manager Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that such Broker may otherwise have. 
 d. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 4 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 4, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of an indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 4 as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section 4.e.) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any indemnified party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnified 
 
 13 

party. 
 e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified 
 party in the defense of such claims or actions provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties are unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 f. The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Broker, or any person controlling any Broker or by or on behalf of the Company, the Distribution Manager or any officer, trustee or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Company or the Distribution Manager, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Broker or of either party to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4. 
 5. Survival of Provisions . 
 a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Company and the Distribution Manager set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Distribution Manager or any Broker or any person controlling the Distribution Manager or any Broker or by or on behalf of the Company or any person controlling the Company, and (b) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares. 
 b. The respective agreements of the Company and the Distribution Manager set forth in Sections 3.c. through 3.g. and Sections 4 through 14 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement. 
 6. Applicable Law. This Agreement was executed and delivered in, and its validity, interpretation and construction shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in New York, New York. 
 
 14 

7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 8. Successors and Amendment . 
 a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Distribution Manager and the Company and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Brokers to the extent set forth in Sections 1 and 4 hereof. 
 b. This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the Distribution Manager and the Company. 
 c. Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time with the written consent of the Company and the Distribution Manager. However, the addition or removal of Registration Statements from Schedule 1 shall only apply prospectively and shall not affect the respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Company and the Distribution Manager prior to such amendments to Schedule 1. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that, upon the removal of a Registration Statement from Schedule 1, the representations, warranties and covenants in Sections 1 and 2 shall no longer continue to be made with respect to the Offering, the Shares or the Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement. 
 9. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above and shall remain in force until the first anniversary of its effective date and shall thereafter continue in effect from year to year, but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by a vote of the Board, including the vote of a majority of the trustees who are not interested persons, as defined by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, of the Company and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Company s Distribution and Servicing Plan (the Plan or any agreements entered into in connection with the Plan (including this Agreement), cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose. Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days written notice or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. The Agreement also may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Company s trustees who are not interested persons , as defined in the 1940 Act, of the Company and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Company s distribution plan or this Agreement or by vote a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, on not more than 60 days written notice to the Distribution Manager. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, (a) the Company shall pay to the Distribution Manager all earned but unpaid compensation and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Distribution Manager is or becomes entitled under Section 3 pursuant to the requirements of that Section 3 at such times as such amounts become payable pursuant to the terms of such Section 3, offset by any losses suffered by the Company or any officer or trustee of the Company arising from the Distribution Manager s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an 
 
 15 

indemnification claim against the Distribution Manager under Section 4.b. herein, and (b) the Distribution Manager shall promptly deliver to the Company all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering other than as required by law to be retained by the Distribution Manager. The Distribution Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Company. 
 10. Confirmation. The Company hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf and on behalf of Brokers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Company. Such confirmations will comply with the rules of the SEC and FINRA, and will comply with applicable laws of such other jurisdictions to the extent the Company is advised of such laws in writing by the Distribution Manager. 
 11. Prospectus and Authorized Sales Materials. The Distribution Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Prospectus and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Distribution Manager further agrees (a) not to deliver any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or prospective investor, to any intermediary that has not entered into a Selected Intermediary Agreement or Servicing Agreement, or to any representatives or other associated persons of such an intermediary, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Prospectus as amended and supplemented, (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company and marked broker only , dealer only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public and (c) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction (and will similarly require Brokers pursuant to the Selected Intermediary Agreement) any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Company if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. The Distribution Manager, in its agreements with Brokers, will include requirements and obligations of the Brokers similar to those imposed upon the Distribution Manager pursuant to this section. 
 12. Suitability of Investors. The Distribution Manager, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Brokers offer Shares only to persons who meet the financial qualifications set forth in the Prospectus or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Company and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. In offering Shares, the Distribution Manager, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Broker comply with the provisions of all applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors, including, without limitation, the provisions of Exchange Act Rule 15l-1 Regulation Best Interest and Article III of the Omnibus Guidelines and applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident. The Distribution Manager, in its agreements with Brokers, will require that the Brokers shall sell Shares only to those persons who are eligible to purchase such shares as described in the Prospectus and only through those Brokers who are authorized to sell such shares. The Distribution Manager, in its agreements with the Brokers, shall require the Brokers to maintain, for at least six years, a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the financial qualification and suitability standards imposed on the offer and sale of the Shares. 
 
 16 

13. Submission of Orders. The Distribution Manager will require in its agreements with each Broker that each Broker comply with the submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of Selected Intermediary Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. To the extent the Distribution Manager is involved in the distribution process other than through a Broker, the Distribution Manager will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription agreement in the form filed as an appendix to the Prospectus or in such other form as may be provided by the Company to the Distribution Manager for use in connection with the Offering (a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to the Distribution Manager or as otherwise directed by the Distribution Manager such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Prospectus. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Distribution Manager to the escrow agent described in the Prospectus and Subscription Agreement for any Offering in which there is a minimum offering contingency described in the Prospectus Minimum Offering that has not yet been satisfied or, after any such Minimum Offering is satisfied or if no such Minimum Offering is applicable to an Offering, to the Company, as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the second business day following receipt by the Distribution Manager. If the Distribution Manager receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Selected Intermediary Agreement, the Distribution Manager shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such subscribers. 
 14. Notice. Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows 
 If to the Distribution Manager Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC 
 Attn General Counsel 
 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor New York, NY 10281 
 Email BOWS.LR brookfieldoaktree.com 
 
 If to the Company Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund Attn Mary Gallegly 
 333 South Grand Ave., 28 th Floor Los Angeles, California 90071 
 Email mgallegly oaktreecapital.com 
 
 15. Third Party Beneficiaries. The Company and the Distribution Manager acknowledge and agree that each Broker is an intended and express third-party beneficiary of (i) the representations and warranties contained in Section 1 of this Agreement and (ii) the indemnification provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement. Each Broker shall be entitled to rely upon and enforce the provisions of Sections 1 and 4 of this Agreement to the same extent as if it were a party hereto. Each Broker, by its execution of a selected intermediary agreement 
 
 17 

with the Distribution Manager, will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 1 and 4 of this Agreement. 

Signature Page Follows 
 18 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written. 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 
 By s Mary Gallegly 
 
 Name Mary Gallegly 
 Title General Counsel and Secretary 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first above written 
 
 BROOKFIELD OAKTREE WEALTH 
 SOLUTIONS LLC 
 
 By s Brian Hurley 
 Name Brian Hurley Title General Counsel 

Signature Page to 3 rd Amended and Restated Distribution Manager Agreement 

Schedule 1 
 
 Registration Statement(s) 
 1. Registration Statement on Form N-2, Registration No. 333- 261775 
 
 Sch. 1- 1 

Schedule 2 
 
 Compensation 
 I. Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees 
 The Company will pay to the Distribution Manager Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees, solely with respect to shares sold by it, in amounts of (a) up to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares and Class T shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month and (b) up to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month, in each case, payable monthly. The Company will not pay to the Distribution Manager any Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fees in respect of the purchase of any Class I shares. 
 II. Distribution Manager Fees 
 The Company will not pay to the Distribution Manager any Distribution Manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares, Class I shares or DRIP Shares. 
 III. Brokerage Transaction Fees 
 The Distribution Manager is authorized to enter into arrangements that allow the Broker to charge a transaction or other fee, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, on sales of Shares, to the extent the Prospectus discloses that such transaction or other fees may be charged for the relevant class of Shares. The Distribution Manager will require the Broker to represent that the Broker is acting solely as an agent for its customers with respect to their purchase or sale of Shares and is not acting for the Broker s own account. Any transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, charged by the Broker in connection with its sale of Shares will be charged in a manner consistent with the Prospectus and applicable law and FINRA rules. Purchases and sales of such shares may only be executed as purchases or repurchases between the customer and the Company. The Broker shall not execute trades of shares between customers. 
 Sch. 2- 1 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 FORM OF SELECTED INTERMEDIARY AGREEMENT 
 Ex. A- 1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 exhibit1025_db-oaktreeoscf.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 
 Exhibit 10.25 EXECUTION VERSION 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LOAN FINANCING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of August 14, 2024, among OSCF LENDING IV SPV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND, a Delaware statutory trust, as servicer (the Servicer ), each Lender party hereto (the Lenders ), the Agents for each Lender Group party hereto (the Agents and DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, as facility agent (the Facility Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, as the Equityholder, the Facility Agent, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as collateral agent and as collateral custodian, the Lenders and the Agents are party to the Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2024 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent have agreed to amend the Loan Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 Article I Definitions 
 Section I.1 Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 Article II Amendments 
 Section II.1 Amendments to the Loan Agreement . As of the date of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 (a) Section 2.8 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete reference to the six month anniversary of the Effective Date and insert the nine month anniversary of the Effective Date in lieu thereof. 
 Article III Representations and Warranties 
 Section III.1 The Borrower and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to each other party hereto that, as of the date first written above, (i) no Unmatured Event of Default, Event of Default, Unmatured Servicer Default or Servicer Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Servicer contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material 
 
 4914-7446-0164 v.1 

respects on and as of such day (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 Article IV Conditions to Effectiveness 
 Section IV.1 This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above upon the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower, the Servicer and the Facility Agent. 
 Article V Miscellaneous 
 Section V.1 Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY DISPUTE, SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AMENDMENT OR TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section V.2 Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Section V.3 Ratification . Except as expressly amended and waived hereby, the Loan Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. 
 Section V.4 Counterparts Electronic Execution . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The parties agree that this Amendment may be executed and delivered by electronic signatures and that the electronic signatures appearing on this Amendment are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. 
 Section V.5 Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 Signature pages follow 
 2 
 4914-7446-0164 v.1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 OSCF LENDING IV SPV, LLC , as Borrower By Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund Its Managing Member 
 By Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC Its Investment Advisor 
 By s Mary Gallegly Name Mary Gallegly Title Managing Director 
 By s Jessica Dombroff Name Jessica Dombroff Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan Agreement 
 4914-7446-0164 v.1 

OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND , as Servicer 
 By Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC Its Investment Advisor 
 By s Mary Gallegly Name Mary Gallegly Title Managing Director 
 By s Jessica Dombroff Name Jessica Dombroff Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan Agreement 
 4914-7446-0164 v.1 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , as Facility Agent 
 
 By s Amit Patel Name Amit Patel Title Managing Director 
 By s Peter Sabino Name Peter Sabino Title Director 
 Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan Agreement 
 4914-7446-0164 v.1 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 exhibit191_oscfsecuritiest.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 
 Exhibit 19.1 

 OAKTREE GARDENS OLP, LLC 
 OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 I. GENERAL 
 Each of Oaktree Gardens OLP, LLC, Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation and Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund and their subsidiaries (each, a Company , and collectively, the Companies ), and each of their respective directors, officers and employees, including interns and temporary personnel with assignments of 90 days or more and officers, employees and interns and temporary personnel with assignments of 90 days or more of Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC, each Company s investment adviser (the Adviser ), who spend some or all of their time assisting with a Company s operations (collectively, with respect to the applicable Company, Access Persons ), and household and immediate family members of Access Persons of the applicable Company Related Persons must, at all times, comply with the securities laws of the United States and all applicable jurisdictions (together, Access Persons and Related Persons are referred to herein as Insiders ). This Policy concerns compliance as it pertains to the disclosure of material, non-public information regarding each Company or another company and to trading in securities while in possession of such information. This Policy is intended to protect Access Persons, Related Persons and each Company from insider trading violations. However, the matters set forth in this Policy are guidelines only and are not intended to replace your responsibility to understand and comply with the legal prohibition on insider trading. Appropriate judgment should be exercised in connection with all securities trading. In view of the sensitivity of the issues dealt with in this Policy, it is important to avoid even the appearance of impropriety. If you have specific questions regarding this Policy or applicable law, please contact the Chief Compliance Officer of a Company (the Chief Compliance Officer ). 
 I. INSIDER TRADING 
 Federal securities laws prohibit trading in the securities of a company on the basis of inside information. These transactions are commonly known as insider trading . It is also illegal to recommend to others (commonly called tipping that they buy or sell the securities to which such information relates. Anyone violating these laws is subject to personal liability and could face criminal penalties, including a jail term. Federal securities law also creates a strong incentive for a Company to deter insider trading by its employees. In the normal course of business, Access Persons may come into possession of information concerning a Company, transactions in which a Company proposes to engage or other entities with which a Company does business. Therefore, each Company has established this Policy with respect to trading in its securities or securities of another entity. Any violation of this Policy could subject you to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

II. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON INSIDER TRADING 
 No Insider may buy or sell (i) securities of a Company, including but not limited to shares of a Company s common stock, or (ii) derivative instruments in respect of a Company s securities (collectively, Company Securities at any time when the Insider has material, non-public information concerning the Company. This prohibition continues whenever and for as long as the Insider knows material, non-public information. 
 No Insider may disclose material, non-public information to any other person (including family members) except in accordance with the Adviser s policies and procedures regarding the handling of such information. In addition, Insiders should take care before trading on the recommendation of others to ensure that the recommendation is not the result of an illegal tip . 
 No Insider who receives or has access to a Company s material, non-public information may comment on stock price movements or rumors of other Company developments (including discussions in Internet chat rooms that are of possible significance to the investing public unless it is part of the Insider s job (such as investor relations) or the Insider has been specifically authorized by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Chief Operating Officer of the Company in each instance. If you inadvertently comment on stock price movements or rumors or disclose material, non-public information to a third party you must contact the Chief Compliance Officer immediately. In addition, it is generally the practice of each Company not to respond to inquiries and or rumors concerning the Company s affairs, including with respect to any potential change to the Company s dividend rate, earnings or capital structure, repurchase or distribution of the Company s securities or acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions. If you receive inquiries concerning a Company from the media or inquiries from securities analysts or other members of the financial community, you should refer such inquiries, without comment, to the Adviser s Investor Relations Department. 
 III. DEFINED TERMS 
 A. What is a Security 
 The term security or securities is defined very broadly by the securities laws and includes stock (common and preferred) and other equity securities, stock options, warrants, bonds, notes, debentures, convertible instruments, put or call options (i.e., exchange-traded options), or other similar instruments. 
 B. What is Material Information 
 Information is material when a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold a security. Dividend changes earnings results changes in previously released earnings estimates significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements investments, joint ventures or changes in assets the gain or loss of a significant client restructuring or layoffs changes in auditors major litigation liquidity problems and extraordinary management developments are some examples of information that could be considered material. Information that is likely to affect the price of a company s securities is almost always material. Courts often resolve close cases in favor of finding the information 
 2 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

material. Therefore, you should err on the side of caution. You should keep in mind that the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC provide that the mere fact that a person is aware of the information is a bar to trading. 
 C. What is Non-Public Information 
 For the purpose of this Policy, information is Non-Public until three criteria have been satisfied 
 First, the information must have been widely disseminated. Insiders should assume that information has NOT been widely disseminated unless one or more of the following has occurred 
 it has appeared in a filing with the SEC. 
 it has been carried in a financial news service such as PR Newswire or Business Wire 
 it has been carried in a general news service such as the Associated Press and or 
 it has been carried by a national television news service. 
 Second, the information disseminated must be some form of official announcement. In other words, the fact that rumors, speculation or statements attributed to unidentified sources are public is insufficient even when the information is accurate. 
 Third, after the information has been disseminated, a period of time must pass sufficient for the information to be assimilated by the general public. 
 IV. PRE-CLEARANCE PROCEDURES FOR TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
 These procedures apply to all Insiders, except for certain persons specified by the Chief Compliance Officer who (i) do not devote substantially all working time to the activities of a Company and (ii) do not have access to information about the day-to-day investment activities of a Company (hereinafter referred to as Restricted Persons ). For the avoidance of doubt, Restricted Persons include all persons who are subject to the filing requirements under Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (hereinafter referred to as Section 16 Persons ). 
 No Restricted Person may trade in Company Securities without first obtaining preclearance by the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. To obtain preclearance, Restricted Persons must complete and submit a preclearance request within the Adviser s automated personal trading system. Restricted Persons must wait until they receive approval through such personal trading system or directly from an Approving Officer before entering into a trade. Restricted Persons will be required to make certain certifications each time a request for pre-approval is made, including that they have no knowledge that would cause 
 3 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

the trade to violate the general trading principles set forth above. Section 16 Persons must also notify the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee about the planned date of a trade to ensure timely filing of any report required under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 In addition to the preclearance requirements enumerated above, Restricted Persons may not enter into a short sale transaction or transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, with respect of Company Securities or use any other derivative transaction or instrument to take a short position in respect of Company Securities. Further, all Restricted Persons must hold any purchased Company Securities for at least 60 days prior to disposing of such Company Securities. This means, for example, that no Restricted Person may purchase Company Securities and then sell those Company Securities within 60 calendar days. 
 The sole exception to this preclearance requirement is if the transaction is pursuant to a pre-existing written plan or arrangement complying with Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and approved in advance by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Approval for transactions and pledges of Company Securities will generally be granted only during a Window Period (described below) and the transaction may only be performed during the Window Period in which the approval was granted and in any event within two business days from the date of approval. Restricted Persons must comply with these pre-clearance requirements for six months after the termination of their status as a Restricted Person. 
 A. Window Periods 
 Each Company has established four windows of time during the fiscal year when a Request for Prior Approval of Personal Investment Transactions with respect to Company Securities may be approved and transactions and pledges may be performed Window Periods ). Each Window Period begins no earlier than the second trading day on the NASDAQ Stock Market after the day on which a Company makes a public news release or an SEC filing of its quarterly or annual earnings for the prior fiscal quarter or year. That same Window Period closes on the 15th of the last month of a Company s then-current fiscal quarter, or if the 15th of the last month of a Company s then-current fiscal quarter is not a trading day, then the first trading day immediately prior thereto. The window will be deemed closed in accordance with the foregoing unless such dates are specifically changed in a written notice from the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. After the close of the Window Period, Restricted Persons may not purchase, sell or otherwise dispose of any Company Securities. The prohibition against trading while aware of, or tipping of, material, non-public information applies even during a Window Period. For example, if during a Window Period, a material acquisition or divestiture is pending or a forthcoming publication in the financial press may affect the relevant securities market, no Insider may trade in Company Securities. You must consult the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee whenever you are in doubt. 
 In addition, the prohibition against trading will not restrict the purchase or sale of a Company s securities to or from the Company any time the Company is engaging in an offering of such securities or a repurchase of such securities. For example, if Oaktree Strategic Credit 
 4 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

Fund is offering for sale its common stock it is presumed that an insider may purchase such common stock in such offering. 
 B. Suspension of Trading 
 From time to time, a Company may require that directors, officers, selected employees and or others suspend trading in Company Securities because of developments that have not yet been disclosed to the public (a Suspension Period ). All those affected shall not trade in Company Securities while the Suspension Period is in effect, and shall not disclose to others that a Suspension Period has been instituted . Though these Suspension Periods generally will arise because a Company is involved in a highly-sensitive transaction, they may be declared for any reason. If a Company declares a Suspension Period to which you are subject, the Chief Compliance Officer or his designee will notify you when it begins and ends. 
 C. Notification of Window Periods 
 In order to assist you in complying with this Policy, a Company will deliver an e-mail (or other communication) notifying all Restricted Persons when the Window Period has opened and when the Window Period is about to close. A Company s delivery or non-delivery of these emails (or other communication) does not relieve you of your obligation to only trade in Company Securities in full compliance with this Policy. 
 D. Hardship Exemptions 
 You may request a hardship exemption for periods outside the Window Periods or during a blackout, as applicable, if you are not in possession of material, non-public information and are not otherwise prohibited from trading pursuant to this Policy or any applicable securities trading policies of the Adviser. Hardship exemptions are granted infrequently and only in exceptional circumstances. Any request for a hardship exemption should be made to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 V. 10B5-1 PLANS FOR TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
 A 10b5-1 trading plan is a binding, written contract between you and your broker that specifies the price, amount, and date of trades to be executed in your account in the future, or provides a formula or mechanism that your broker will follow. A 10b5-1 trading plan with respect to any Company Securities you hold can only be established when you do not possess material, non-public information. Therefore, Insiders cannot enter into these plans at any time when in possession of material, non-public information and, in addition, persons subject to the pre-clearance requirements of this Policy cannot enter into these plans outside of a Window Period. In addition, a 10b5-1 trading plan must not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether the purchases or sales are made and must be subject to certain cooling-offer periods before trades can commence, among other requirements. You have an affirmative defense against any claim by the SEC against you for insider trading if your trade was made under a 10b5-1 trading plan that you entered into when you were not aware of material, non-public information. The rules regarding 10b5-1 trading plans are complex and you must fully comply with them. You should consult with your legal advisor before proceeding. 
 5 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

Each Insider must pre-clear with the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee such Insider s proposed 10b5-1 trading plan with respect to any Company Securities they hold prior to the establishment of such plan. Each Company reserves the right in its sole direction to withhold pre-clearance of any 10b5-1 trading plan. Notwithstanding any pre-clearance of a 10b5-1 trading plan, each Company assumes no liability for the consequences of any transaction made pursuant to such plan. 
 If you enter into a 10b5-1 trading plan, your 10b5-1 trading plan should be structured to avoid purchases or sales shortly before known announcements, such as quarterly or annual earnings announcements. Even though transactions executed in accordance with a properly formulated 10b5-1 trading plan are exempt from the insider trading rules, the trades may nonetheless occur at times shortly before we announce material news, and the investing public and media may not understand the nuances of trading pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan. This could result in negative publicity for you and a Company if the SEC or the NASDAQ Stock Market were to investigate your trades. 
 Any modification of a pre-approved 10b5-1 trading plan requires pre-approval by the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. Such modification must occur before you become aware of any material, non-public information and must comply with the requirements of the rules regarding 10b5-1 trading plans and, if you are subject to Window Period restrictions, during a Window Period. 
 Transactions effected pursuant to a pre-cleared 10b5-1 trading plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the transaction if the plan specifies the dates, prices and amounts of the contemplated trades, or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices and amounts. 
 Finally, if you are a Section 16 Person, 10b5-1 trading plans require special care. Because in a 10b5-1 trading plan you can specify conditions that trigger a purchase or sale, you may not even be aware that a transaction has taken place and you may not be able to comply with the SEC s requirement that you report your transaction within two business days after its execution. Therefore, for Section 16 Persons, a transaction executed according to a 10b5-1 trading plan is not permitted unless the 10b5-1 trading plan requires your broker to notify the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee before the close of business on the day after the execution of the transaction. 
 VI. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 
 The Adviser and each Company consider it improper and inappropriate for any Restricted Person to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in Company Securities. Therefore, Restricted Persons may not engage in any of the following transactions 
 A. Short-Term Trading. A director s, officer s or employee s short-term trading of Company Securities may be distracting to such person and may unduly focus such person on a Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For this reason, any Restricted Person who purchases Company 
 6 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

Securities in the open market may not sell any Company Securities of the same class during the six months following the purchase. 
 B. Short Sales. Short sales of Company Securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in a Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of the Company s securities are prohibited by this Policy. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits directors and officers from engaging in short sales. 
 C. Publicly Traded Options. A transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of a Company s stock and therefore creates the appearance that the Restricted Person is trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus the Restricted Person s attention on short-term performance at the expense of a Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the section below captioned Hedging Transactions. 
 D. Margin Accounts and Pledges . Securities pledged in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material, non-public information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, Restricted Persons are prohibited from pledging Company Securities in a margin account or pledging Company Securities as collateral for a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to meet a margin call or repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. Any Restricted Person who wishes to pledge Company Securities as collateral for a loan in a margin account must submit a request for approval to, and receive written approval from, the Chief Compliance Officer prior to taking the action so requested. The preapproval request must make it clear that the intent is to pledge or trade on margin. 
 VII. POTENTIAL SANCTIONS 
 Each Insider is individually responsible for complying with the securities laws and this Policy, regardless of whether a Company has prohibited trading by that Insider or any other Insiders. Trading in Company Securities during the Window Periods and outside of any Suspension Periods should not be considered a safe harbor . We remind you that, whether or not a transaction is executed during a Window Period, or whether or not a transaction has been approved by a Company, you may not trade Company Securities on the basis of material, non-public information. You should also bear in mind that any proceeding alleging improper trading will necessarily occur after the trade has been completed and is particularly susceptible to second-guessing with the benefit of hindsight. Therefore, as a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. 
 7 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

VIII. LIABILITY AND POSSIBLE DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS 
 Any person who violates this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment for cause, whether or not the person s failure to comply results in a violation of law. A violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish one s reputation and irreparably damage a career. Insiders, controlling persons (as described below) and a Company may be subject to civil penalties, criminal penalties and or jail for trading in securities when they have material, non-public information or for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed material, non-public information, or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed opinions on the basis of such material, non-public information about trading securities. The SEC has imposed large penalties even when the disclosing person did not profit from the trading. The SEC, the stock exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to uncover insider trading. 
 The securities laws provide that, in addition to sanctions against an individual who trades illegally, penalties may be assessed against what are known as controlling persons with respect to the violator. The term controlling person is not defined, but includes employers (i.e., a Company), its directors, officers and managerial and supervisory personnel. The concept is broader than what would normally be encompassed by a reporting chain. Individuals may be considered controlling persons with respect to any other individual whose behavior they have the power to influence. Liability can be imposed only if two conditions are met. First, it must be shown that the controlling person knew or recklessly disregarded the fact that a violation was likely. Second, it must be shown that the controlling person failed to take appropriate steps to prevent the violation from occurring. For this reason, a Company s controlling persons are directed to take appropriate steps to ensure that those they supervise, understand and comply with the requirements set forth in this Policy. 
 IX. LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS POLICY 
 This Policy and the procedures that implement this Policy are not intended to serve as precise recitations of the legal prohibitions against insider trading and tipping which are highly complex, fact-specific and evolving. Certain of the procedures are designed to prevent even the appearance of impropriety and in some respects may be more restrictive than the securities laws. Therefore, these procedures are not intended to serve as a basis for establishing civil or criminal liability that would not otherwise exist. 
 
 Last updated October 2023 
 8 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TRADING POLICY OF OAKTREE GARDENS OLP, LLC OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION AND OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 If you are a Restricted Person as described in the policy, we ask that you acknowledge that you have received and read this Securities Trading Policy. A Company may ask you to re-submit this acknowledgement on an annual basis or whenever the Securities Trading Policy is significantly updated. 
 By my signature below, I acknowledge that I have read and received the applicable Company s Securities Trading Policy. 

Signature 
 Name (printed) 
 Date __________________________________ 
 
 9 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 oscf-ex311_2024093010xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Armen Panossian, Chief Executive Officer of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 18 th day of December, 2024. 
 By s Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 oscf-ex312_2024093010xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Christopher McKown, Chief Financial Officer of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated this 18 th day of December, 2024. 
 
 By s Christopher McKown Christopher McKown Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 oscf-ex321_2024093010xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Armen Panossian , the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Armen Panossian Name Armen Panossian Date December 18, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 oscf-ex322_2024093010xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Christopher McKown , the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Christopher McKown Name Christopher McKown Date December 18, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 oscf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 oscf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 oscf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 oscf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 oscf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

