<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-K_edgar_data_884614_0000884614-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39269287</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>746632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>18407694</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10374520</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4636221</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4498980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000884614-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126172535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000884614-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		211
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UGI CORP /PA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884614
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAS & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4932]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				232668356
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11071
		FILM NUMBER:		241505463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 N GULPH RD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 858
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6103371000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 NORTH GULPH ROAD
		CITY:			KING OF PRUSSIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19406

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW UGI CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000884614-24-000086.txt : 20241126

10-K
 1
 ugi-20240930.htm
 10-K

ugi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2024 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit repo rt. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of UGI Corporation Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on March 28, 2024 was . 
 At November 15, 2024, there were shares of UGI Corporation Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 9 
 PART I: 
 Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties 
 10 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 33 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II: 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 48 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 75 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 75 
 PART III: 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 76 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 76 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 76 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV: 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 91 
 Signatures 
 92 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 F- 2 

1 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 Terms and abbreviations used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 
 
 UGI Corporation and Related Entities 
 
 AmeriGas Finance Corp. - A wholly owned subsidiary of AmeriGas Partners 
 
 AmeriGas OLP - AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the principal operating subsidiary of AmeriGas Partners 
 
 AmeriGas Partners - AmeriGas Partners, L.P., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI; also referred to, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as the Partnership 
 
 AmeriGas Propane - Reportable segment comprising AmeriGas Propane, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas OLP 
 
 AmeriGas Propane, Inc. - A wholly owned second-tier subsidiary of UGI and the general partner of AmeriGas Partners; also referred to as the General Partner 
 
 AvantiGas - AvantiGas Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 Company - UGI and its consolidated subsidiaries collectively 
 
 DVEP - DVEP Investeringen B.V., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 Electric Utility - UGI Utilities regulated electric distribution utility located in northeastern Pennsylvania 
 
 Energy Services - UGI Energy Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprises 
 
 Enterprises - UGI Enterprises, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of UGI 
 
 ESFC - Energy Services Funding Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services 
 
 Flaga - Flaga GmbH, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 Gas Utility - UGI s regulated natural gas businesses, inclusive of PA Gas Utility and WV Gas Utility 
 
 General Partner - AmeriGas Propane, Inc., the general partner of AmeriGas Partners 
 
 GHI - GHI Energy, LLC, a Houston-based renewable natural gas company and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services 
 
 MBL Bioenergy - MBL Bioenergy, LLC 
 
 Midstream Marketing - Reportable segment comprising Energy Services and its subsidiaries including UGID 
 
 Mountaineer - Mountaineer Gas Company, a natural gas distribution company in West Virginia and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC 
 
 Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC - Parent company of Mountaineer and wholly owned subsidiary of UGI 
 
 PA Gas Utility - UGI Utilities regulated natural gas distribution business, primarily located in Pennsylvania 
 
 Partnership - AmeriGas Partners and its consolidated subsidiaries, including AmeriGas OLP; also referred to as AmeriGas Partners 
 
 Pennant - Pennant Midstream, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Pine Run - Pine Run Gathering, LLC 
 
 Stonehenge - Stonehenge Appalachia, LLC, a midstream natural gas gathering business 
 
 UGI - UGI Corporation or, collectively, UGI Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
 UGI Appalachia - UGI Appalachia, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services 
 
 UGI France - UGI France SAS a Soci t par actions simplifi e ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 UGI International - Reportable segment principally comprising UGI International, LLC and its foreign operations 
 
 UGI International Holdings, B.V. - An indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 UGI International, LLC - UGI International, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprises 
 
 UGI Moraine East - UGI Moraine East Gathering LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary comprising the assets acquired in the Stonehenge Acquisition 
 
 UGI Pine Run, LLC - A wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services that holds a 49 membership interest in Pine Run 
 
 Utilities - Reportable segment comprising UGI Utilities and Mountaintop Energy Holdings, LLC 
 
 UGI Utilities - UGI Utilities, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of UGI comprising PA Gas Utility and Electric Utility 
 
 UGID - UGI Development Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services prior to its sale on September 30, 2024 
 
 UniverGas - UniverGas Italia S.r.l, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of UGI International, LLC 
 
 WV Gas Utility - Mountaineer s regulated natural gas distribution business, located in West Virginia 
 
 Other Terms and Abbreviations 
 
 2013 OICP - UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 5.625 Senior Notes - An underwritten public offering of 675 million aggregate principal amount of notes due May 2024, issued by AmeriGas Partners. Pursuant to the tender offer, dated May 22, 2023, AmeriGas Partners, in June 2023, redeemed all outstanding 5.625 Senior Notes due May 2024 and in so doing was released from the obligations with respect to the indenture for the 5.625 Senior Notes 
 
 5.50 Senior Notes - An underwritten private offering of senior notes due May 2025, co-issued by AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp 
 5.875 Senior Notes - An underwritten private offering of senior notes due August 2026, co-issued by AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp 
 5.75 Senior Notes - An underwritten private offering of senior notes due May 2027, co-issued by AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp 
 6.02 Senior Note - A private placement of 25 million principal amount of senior notes due November 2030, issued by UGI Utilities 
 6.10 Senior Note - A private placement of 150 million principal amount of senior notes due November 2033, issued by UGI Utilities 
 6.40 Senior Note - A private placement of 75 million principal amount of senior notes due November 2053, issued by UGI Utilities 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 5.24 Senior Note - A private placement of 50 million principal amount of senior notes due November 30, 2029, issued by UGI Utilities 
 5.52 Senior Note - A private placement of 125 million principal amount of senior notes due November 30, 2034, issued by UGI Utilities 
 9.375 Senior Notes - An underwritten private offering of senior notes due May 2028, co-issued by AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp. 
 2021 IAP - UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement - Revolving credit agreement entered into by AmeriGas OLP on September 28, 2022, terminated concurrently with the execution of the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 2024 Purchase Contract - A forward stock purchase contract issued by UGI Corporation in May 2021, as a part of the issuance of Equity Units which obligated holders to purchase a number of shares of UGI Common Stock from the Company on June 1, 2024 
 
 ABO - Accumulated Benefit Obligation 
 
 ACE - AmeriGas Cylinder Exchange 
 
 AFUDC - Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 
 
 AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility - Revolving credit agreement entered into by AmeriGas OLP on August 2, 2024 and scheduled to expire in August 2029 
 AOCI - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 ASC - Accounting Standards Codification 
 
 ASC 606 - ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 ASC 820 - ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement 
 
 ASC 980 - ASC 980, Regulated Operations 
 
 ASU - Accounting Standards Update 
 
 ASU 2020-06 - An amendment of FASB ASC, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) 
 
 Bcf - Billions of cubic feet 
 
 Board of Directors - The board of directors of UGI 
 
 Btu - British thermal unit 
 
 CARES - Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 
 CERCLA - Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act 
 
 CFTC - Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 
 COA - Consent Order and Agreement 
 
 CODM - Chief Operating Decision Maker as defined in ASC 280, Segment Reporting 
 
 Common Stock - Shares of UGI common stock 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Common Units - Limited partnership ownership interests in AmeriGas Partners 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock - Preferred stock of UGI titled 0.125 series A cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock without par value and having a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share 
 
 Core market - Comprises (1) firm residential, commercial and industrial customers to whom Utilities has a statutory obligation to provide service who purchase their natural gas or electricity from Utilities; and (2) residential, commercial and industrial customers to whom Utilities has a statutory obligation to provide service who purchase their natural gas or electricity from others 
 
 DOT - U.S. Department of Transportation 
 
 DS - Delivery Service 
 
 DSIC - Distribution System Improvement Charge 
 
 EBITDA - Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Energy Services Credit Agreement - Revolving credit agreement entered into by Energy Services on March 6, 2020, as amended, scheduled to expire in May 2028 
 Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement - Term loan credit agreement entered into by Energy Services in August 2019, as amended, with a final maturity of February 2030 
 EPACT 2005 - Energy Policy Act of 2005 
 
 ERISA - Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 
 ERO - Electric Reliability Organization 
 
 EU - European Union 
 
 Equity Unit Agreements - Collection of agreements governing the rights, privileges and obligations of the holders of the Equity Units and UGI as issuer of the Equity Units, which were filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on May 25, 2021 
 
 Equity Unit - A corporate unit consisting of a 2024 Purchase Contract and 1/10th or 10 undivided interest in one share of Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Exchange Act - Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 FDIC - Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 
 FERC - Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 
 FIFO - First-in, first-out inventory valuation method 
 
 Fiscal 2021 - The fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 
 
 Fiscal 2022 - The fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 
 
 Fiscal 2023 - The fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Fiscal 2024 - The fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Fiscal 2025 - The fiscal year ending September 30, 2025 
 
 Fiscal 2026 - The fiscal year ending September 30, 2026 
 
 Fiscal 2027 - The fiscal year ending September 30, 2027 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2028 - The fiscal year ending September 30, 2028 
 
 Fiscal 2029 - The fiscal year ending September 30, 2029 
 
 FTC - Foreign Tax Credit 
 
 GAAP - U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation 
 
 GHG - Greenhouse gas 
 
 GILTI - Global Intangible Low Taxed Income 
 
 Gwh - Millions of kilowatt hours 
 
 Hunlock - Hunlock Creek Energy Center located near Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a 174-megawatt natural gas-fueled electricity generating station 
 
 ICE - Intercontinental Exchange 
 
 IRC - Internal Revenue Code 
 
 IREP - Infrastructure Replacement and Expansion Plan 
 
 IRPA - Interest rate protection agreement 
 
 IRS - Internal Revenue Service 
 
 IT - Information technology 
 
 LIBOR - London Inter-bank Offered Rate 
 
 LNG - Liquefied natural gas 
 
 LPG - Liquefied petroleum gas 
 
 LTIIP - Long-term infrastructure improvement plans 
 
 MD A - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 MDPSC - Maryland Public Service Commission 
 
 MGP - Manufactured gas plant 
 
 Mountaineer Acquisition - Acquisition of Mountaintop Energy Holdings LLC, which closed on September 1, 2021 
 
 Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement - Revolving credit agreement entered into by Mountaineer on November 26, 2019, as amended, scheduled to expire in December 2025 
 
 NAV - Net asset value 
 
 NOAA - National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 
 
 NOL - Net operating loss 
 
 NPNS - Normal purchase and normal sale 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 NTSB - National Transportation Safety Board 
 
 NYDEC - New York State Department of Environmental Conservation 
 
 NYMEX - New York Mercantile Exchange 
 
 OSHA - Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
 
 PADEP - Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection 
 
 PAPUC - Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission 
 
 Partnership Agreement - Fourth amended and restated agreement of Limited Partnership of AmeriGas Partners, L.P. dated as of July 27, 2009, as amended 
 
 PBO - Projected benefit obligation 
 
 Pennant Acquisition - Energy Services Fiscal 2022 acquisition of the remaining 53 equity interest in Pennant 
 
 PennEnergy - PennEnergy Resources, LLC 
 
 PGA - Purchased gas adjustment 
 
 PGC - Purchased gas costs 
 
 PJM - PJM Interconnection, LLC 
 
 PRP - Potentially responsible party 
 
 PUHCA 2005 - Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 
 
 Receivables Facility - A receivables purchase facility of Energy Services with an issuer of receivables-backed commercial paper 
 
 Retail core-market - Comprises firm residential, commercial and industrial customers to whom Utilities has a statutory obligation to provide service that purchase their natural gas from Utilities 
 
 RNG - Renewable natural gas 
 
 ROU - Right-of-use 
 
 ROD - Record of Decision 
 
 SARs - Stock Appreciation Rights 
 
 SEC - U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 SERC - Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Series B preferred stock - Preferred stock of UGI titled 0.125 series B cumulative perpetual preferred stock with terms substantially identical to the Convertible Preferred Stock, except that it will not be convertible 
 
 SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 
 Stonehenge - Stonehenge Energy Resources III, LLC, a portfolio company of Energy Spectrum Partners VIII, L.P. 
 
 Stonehenge Acquisition - Acquisition of Stonehenge Appalachia, LLC, which closed January 27, 2022 
 
 Stock Unit - Unit awards that entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash subject to service conditions 
 7 

Table of Contents 

TCJA - Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 
 TSR - Total Shareholder Return 
 
 U.K. - United Kingdom 
 
 U.S. - United States of America 
 
 UGI comparator group - The Russell Midcap Utility Index, excluding telecommunications companies, and beginning in Fiscal 2021, a custom UGI performance peer group 
 
 UGI Corporation Senior Notes - Aggregate 700 million convertible senior notes entered into by UGI Corporation on June 11, 2024, with a final maturity date of June 2028 
 UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement - Unsecured senior facilities agreement entered into by UGI Corporation on October 11, 2024, comprising a 475 million revolving credit facility, with a maturity date of October, 11, 2028, and a 400 million term loan facility with a maturity date of October 11, 2027. 
 UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement - An amended and restated unsecured senior credit facilities agreement entered into by UGI Corporation on May 4, 2021, comprising (1) a 250 million term loan facility, (2) a 300 million term loan facility, (3) a 300 million delayed draw term loan facility, and (4) a 300 million revolving credit facility, paid off in full and terminated in October 2024 
 
 UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement - A five-year unsecured senior facilities agreement entered into in March 2023, as amended, comprising a 300 million variable-rate term loan facility and a 500 million multicurrency revolving credit facility scheduled to expire in March 2028 
 
 UGI Performance Units - Unit awards that entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash subject to service and market performance conditions 
 
 UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement - Revolving credit agreement entered into by UGI Utilities on November 9, 2023, as amended, scheduled to expire in November 2028 
 
 UGI Utilities Credit Agreement - Revolving credit agreement entered into by UGI Utilities on June 27, 2019, as amended, repaid in full and terminated concurrently with the execution of the UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement 
 
 USD - U.S. dollar 
 
 U.S. Pension Plans - Consists of (1) a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2009 of UGI, UGI Utilities and certain of UGI s other domestic wholly owned subsidiaries; and (2) a defined benefit pension plan for employees of Mountaineer hired prior to January 1, 2023 
 
 VDP - Voluntary Departure Plan 
 VEBA - Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association 
 
 WVPSC - Public Service Commission of West Virginia 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 Information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements use forward-looking words such as believe, plan, anticipate, continue, estimate, expect, may, or other similar words and terms of similar meaning, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. These statements discuss plans, strategies, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future. All forward-looking statements made in this Report rely upon the safe harbor protections provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 A forward-looking statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. We believe that we have chosen these assumptions or bases in good faith and that they are reasonable. However, we caution you against relying on any forward-looking statement as these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to vary from assumed facts or bases, and the differences between actual results and assumed facts or bases can be material, depending on the circumstances. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind our Risk Factors included in Item 1A herein and the following important factors that could affect our future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements: (1) weather conditions (including increasingly uncertain weather patterns due to climate change) resulting in reduced demand, the seasonal nature of our business, and disruptions in our operations and supply chain; (2) cost volatility and availability of energy products, including propane and other LPG, natural gas, and electricity, as well as the availability of LPG cylinders, and the capacity to transport product to our customers; (3) changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including safety, health, tax, transportation, consumer protection, data privacy, accounting, and environmental matters, such as regulatory responses to climate change; (4) inability to timely recover costs through utility rate proceedings; (5) increased customer conservation measures due to high energy prices and improvements in energy efficiency and technology resulting in reduced demand; (6) adverse labor relations and our ability to address existing or potential workforce shortages; (7) the impact of pending and future legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations; (8) competitive pressures from the same and alternative energy sources; (9) failure to acquire new customers or retain current customers, thereby reducing or limiting any increase in revenues; (10) liability for environmental claims; (11) customer, counterparty, supplier, or vendor defaults; (12) liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, including those for personal injury and property damage arising from explosions, acts of war, terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events that may result from operating hazards and risks incidental to generating and distributing electricity and transporting, storing and distributing natural gas and LPG in all forms; (13) transmission or distribution system service interruptions; (14) political, regulatory and economic conditions in the United States, Europe and other foreign countries, including uncertainties related to the war between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, the European energy crisis, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (particularly the euro); (15) credit and capital market conditions, including reduced access to capital markets and interest rate fluctuations; (16) changes in commodity market prices resulting in significantly higher cash collateral requirements; (17) impacts of our indebtedness and the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; (18) reduced distributions from subsidiaries impacting the ability to pay dividends or service debt; (19) changes in Marcellus and Utica Shale gas production; (20) the success of our strategic initiatives and investments intended to advance our business strategy; (21) our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and achieve anticipated synergies; (22) the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, and those of our third-party vendors or service providers, including due to cyber attack; (23) the inability to complete pending or future energy infrastructure projects; (24) our ability to attract, develop, retain and engage key employees; (25) uncertainties related to global pandemics; (26) the impact of a material impairment of our assets; (27) the impact of proposed or future tax legislation; (28) the impact of declines in the stock market or bond market, and a low interest rate environment, on our pension liability; (29) our ability to protect our intellectual property; (30) our ability to overcome supply chain issues that may result in delays or shortages in, as well as increased costs of, equipment, materials or other resources that are critical to our business operations; and (31) our ability to control operating costs and realize cost savings. 
 
 These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made. We undertake no obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information or future events except as required by the federal securities laws. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 PART I: 

ITEMS 1. AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 
 CORPORATE OVERVIEW 
 
 UGI Corporation is a holding company that, through subsidiaries and affiliates, distributes, stores, transports and markets energy products and related services. In the U.S., we own and operate (1) natural gas and electric distribution utilities, (2) energy marketing (including RNG), midstream infrastructure, storage, natural gas gathering and processing, natural gas production and energy services businesses, and (3) a retail propane marketing and distribution business. In Europe, we market and distribute propane and other LPG, and market other energy products and services. Our subsidiaries and affiliates operate principally in the following four business segments: 
 
 Utilities 
 Midstream Marketing 
 UGI International 
 AmeriGas Propane 
 
 The Utilities segment consists of the regulated natural gas (PA Gas Utility) and electric (Electric Utility) distribution businesses of our wholly owned subsidiary, UGI Utilities, and the regulated natural gas distribution business of our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, Mountaineer. PA Gas Utility serves customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and in portions of one Maryland county, and Mountaineer serves customers in West Virginia. Electric Utility serves customers in portions of Luzerne and Wyoming counties in northeastern Pennsylvania. PA Gas Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC and, with respect to its customers in Maryland, the MDPSC. Mountaineer is subject to regulation by the WVPSC and FERC. Electric Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC and FERC. 
 
 The Midstream Marketing segment consists of energy-related businesses conducted by our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary, Energy Services. These businesses (i) conduct energy marketing, including RNG, in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, (ii) own and operate natural gas liquefaction, storage and vaporization facilities and propane-air mixing assets, (iii) manage natural gas pipeline and storage contracts, (iv) develop, own and operate pipelines, gathering infrastructure and gas storage facilities in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions of Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, and the panhandle of West Virginia, and (v) develop, own and operate RNG production facilities. Energy Services and its subsidiaries storage, LNG and portions of its midstream transmission operations are subject to regulation by FERC. 
 
 The UGI International segment consists of LPG distribution businesses conducted by our subsidiaries and affiliates in Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Based on reported market volumes for 2023, which is the most recent information available, UGI International believes that it is the largest distributor of LPG in France, Austria, Belgium, Denmark and Luxembourg and one of the largest distributors of LPG in Hungary, Norway, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland. During Fiscal 2024, we completed our previously announced exit of substantially all of our non-core European energy marketing business, which had primarily marketed natural gas and electricity to customers in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. In addition, we divested all of our LPG business in Switzerland. 
 
 The AmeriGas Propane segment consists of the propane distribution business of AmeriGas Partners, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of UGI. The Partnership conducts its domestic propane distribution business through its principal operating subsidiary, AmeriGas OLP, and is the nation s largest retail propane distributor based on the volume of propane gallons distributed annually. The general partner of AmeriGas Partners is our wholly owned subsidiary, AmeriGas Propane, Inc. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Business Strategy 
 
 Our business strategy is to grow the Company by focusing on our core competencies of distributing, storing, transporting and marketing energy products. We utilize our core competencies from our existing diversified businesses and our international experience, extensive asset base and access to customers to accelerate both organic growth in our existing businesses as well as in related and complementary businesses. 
 
 In Fiscal 2024, the Company embarked on a journey to enhance its financial profile and unlock greater value for shareholders. Our journey ahead is a multi-year process to optimize our Company s operating model, establish a culture of high performance, pursue operational excellence through continuous improvement, and drive reliable earnings growth. Accordingly, we are focused on (1) pursuing opportunities to optimize our portfolio and drive reliable earnings growth in the base businesses; (2) executing on an operational improvement plan at AmeriGas Propane; (3) creating operational efficiencies to improve cost agility and deliver sustainable cost savings; and (4) enhancing our capital structure and credit metrics to provide greater financial flexibility. 
 
 We are committed to pursuing opportunities to optimize our portfolio and drive reliable earnings growth in our regulated utilities businesses, primarily through robust investments in our regulated utilities businesses, optimizing our cost structure, and effectively managing our global LPG businesses, which generate significant free cash flow. We strive to be the preferred provider in all markets we serve and to return value to our shareholders. 
 
 Environmental Strategy 
 
 We believe that corporate sustainability is critical to our overall business success and we are committed to growing the Company in an environmentally responsible way. UGI s environmental strategy is focused on three main areas: reducing our emissions; reducing our customers emissions affordably, reliably, and responsibly; and investing in renewable solutions. To support our strategy, we have made the following environmental commitments discussed below while also committing to continue to grow our earnings per share and dividends. 
 
 Scope 1 Emissions Reduction Commitment Reduce Scope 1 GHG emissions by 55 by 2025 (using Fiscal 2020 as a baseline). Our Scope 1 emissions reduction target does not include emissions from the Mountaineer Acquisition, which closed in September 2021. The target also excluded the Stonehenge Acquisition and only accounts for our ownership interest in Pennant at the time we set the target. The emissions from the Pine Run acquisition were included in the baseline 2020 number as this investment contributed to our goal. The 2020 base number also takes a five-year emissions average from the Hunlock generation facility to account for year-over-year differences in run time. 
 
 Methane Emissions Reduction Commitment 92 reduction by 2030, and 95 reduction by 2040. 
 
 Pipeline Replacement and Betterment Commitment Replace all cast iron pipelines by 2027 and all bare steel by 2041. Our pipeline replacement and betterment activities better enable us to achieve our emissions reductions goals. 
 
 We report our progress on the environmental goals and commitments annually in our Sustainability Reports, including our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, air quality impact, and water management efforts. Our Scope 3 emissions stem primarily from the extraction (upstream) and combustion (downstream) of the molecules we distribute, and from our supply chain. Our Sustainability Reports may be accessed on our website under ESG - Resources - Sustainability Reports. Information published in our Sustainability Reports is not incorporated by reference in this Report. 
 
 In formulating our environmental strategy, our management and Board of Directors consider certain risks and uncertainties that may materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. For more information on these risks and uncertainties, see Risk Factors - The potential effects of climate change may affect our business, operations, supply chain and customers, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 UGI was incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1991. The Company is not subject to regulation by the PAPUC but, following completion of the Mountaineer Acquisition, is a regulated holding company under PUHCA 2005. PUHCA 2005 and the implementing regulations of FERC give FERC access to certain holding company books and records and impose certain accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements on holding companies. PUHCA 2005 also provides state utility regulatory commissions with access to holding company books and records in certain circumstances. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our executive offices are located at 500 North Gulph Road, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406, and our telephone number is (610) 337-1000. In this Report, the terms Company and UGI, as well as the terms our, we, us, and its are sometimes used as abbreviated references to UGI Corporation or, collectively, UGI Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. For further information on the meaning of certain terms used in this Report, see Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations. 
 
 The Company s corporate website can be found at www.ugicorp.com. Information on our website, including the information published in our Sustainability Reports, is not incorporated by reference in this Report. The Company makes available free of charge at this website (under the Investors - Financial Reports - SEC Filings and Proxies caption) copies of its reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its Current Reports on Form 8-K. The Company s Principles of Corporate Governance, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Supplier Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Information Security Program Policy are available on the Company s website under the caption Company - Leadership and Governance - Governance Documents. The charters of the Audit, Corporate Governance, Compensation and Management Development, and Safety, Environmental and Regulatory Compliance Committees of the Board of Directors are available on the Company s website under the caption Company - Leadership and Governance - Committees Charters. All of these documents are also available free of charge by writing to Senior Director, Investor Relations, UGI Corporation, P.O. Box 858, Valley Forge, PA 19482. 

UTILITIES 
 
 PA GAS UTILITY 
 
 PA Gas Utility consists of the regulated natural gas distribution business of our subsidiary, UGI Utilities. PA Gas Utility serves customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and in portions of one Maryland county, and therefore is regulated by the PAPUC and, with respect to its customers in Maryland, the MDPSC. 
 
 Service Area; Revenue Analysis 
 
 PA Gas Utility provides natural gas distribution services to approximately 689,000 customers in certificated portions of 46 eastern and central Pennsylvania counties through its distribution system. Contemporary materials, such as plastic or coated steel, comprise approximately 93 of PA Gas Utility s 12,700 miles of gas mains, with bare steel pipe comprising approximately 6 and cast and wrought iron pipe comprising approximately 1 of PA Gas Utility s gas mains. In accordance with PA Gas Utility s agreement with the PAPUC, PA Gas Utility will replace the cast iron portion of its gas mains by March 2027 and the bare steel portion of its gas mains by September 2041. Located in PA Gas Utility s service area are major production centers for basic industries such as specialty metals, aluminum, glass, paper product manufacturing and several power generation facilities. PA Gas Utility also distributes natural gas to more than 550 customers in portions of one Maryland county. 
 
 System throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within PA Gas Utility s distribution system) for Fiscal 2024 was approximately 327 Bcf. System sales of gas accounted for approximately 17 of system throughput, while gas transported for residential, commercial and industrial customers who bought their gas from others accounted for approximately 83 of system throughput. 
 
 Sources of Supply and Pipeline Capacity 
 
 PA Gas Utility is permitted to recover all prudently incurred costs of natural gas it sells to its customers. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk Disclosures and Note 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements. PA Gas Utility meets its service requirements by utilizing a diverse mix of natural gas purchase contracts with marketers and producers, along with storage and transportation service contracts. These arrangements enable PA Gas Utility to purchase gas from Marcellus, Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent, and Appalachian sources. For its transportation and storage functions, PA Gas Utility has long-term agreements with a number of pipeline companies, including Texas Eastern Transmission, LP, Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC, Transcontinental Gas Pipeline Company, LLC, Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc., Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, L.L.C., and Energy Services and its subsidiaries (including UGI Storage Company and UGI Sunbury, LLC). 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Gas Supply Contracts 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, PA Gas Utility purchased approximately 82 Bcf of natural gas for sale to retail core-market customers (principally comprised of firm residential, commercial and industrial customers that purchase their gas from PA Gas Utility) and off-system sales customers. Approximately 97 of the volumes purchased were supplied under agreements with ten suppliers, with the remaining volumes supplied primarily by 21 producers and marketers. Gas supply contracts for PA Gas Utility vary in length by counterparty and type of supply. Typically, pipeline and storage contracts range from one to five years in length. PA Gas Utility also has long-term contracts with suppliers for natural gas peaking supply during the months of November through March. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Because many of its customers use natural gas for heating purposes, PA Gas Utility s sales are seasonal. For Fiscal 2024, approximately 58 of PA Gas Utility s sales volume was supplied, and approximately 89 of PA Gas Utility s operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Natural gas is a fuel that competes with electricity and oil and, to a lesser extent, with propane and coal. Competition among these fuels is primarily a function of their comparative price and the relative cost and efficiency of the equipment. Natural gas generally benefits from a competitive price advantage over oil, electricity and propane. Fuel oil dealers compete for customers in all categories, including industrial customers. PA Gas Utility responds to this competition with marketing and sales efforts designed to retain, expand and grow its customer base. 
 
 In substantially all of its service territories, PA Gas Utility is the only regulated gas distribution utility having the right, granted by the PAPUC or by law, to provide gas distribution services. All of PA Gas Utility s customers, including core-market customers, have the right to purchase gas supplies from entities other than natural gas distribution utility companies. 
 
 A number of PA Gas Utility s commercial and industrial customers have the ability to switch to an alternate fuel at any time and, therefore, are served on an interruptible basis under rates that are competitively priced with respect to the alternate fuel. Margin from these customers, therefore, is affected by the difference or spread between the customers delivered cost of gas and the customers delivered cost of the alternate fuel, the frequency and duration of interruptions, and alternative firm service options. See Utilities Regulation - State Utility Regulation - PA Gas Utility. 
 
 Approximately 75 of PA Gas Utility s annual throughput volume for commercial and industrial customers includes customers at locations that afford them the opportunity of seeking transportation service directly from interstate pipelines, thereby bypassing PA Gas Utility. During Fiscal 2024, PA Gas Utility had 17 such customers, 13 of which have transportation contracts extending beyond Fiscal 2025. The majority of these customers are served under transportation contracts having three to 20-year terms and all are among the largest customers for PA Gas Utility in terms of annual volumes. No single customer represents, or is anticipated to represent, more than five percent of PA Gas Utility s total revenues. 
 
 Outlook for Gas Service and Supply 
 
 PA Gas Utility anticipates having adequate pipeline capacity, peaking services and other sources of supply available to it to meet the full requirements of all firm customers on its system through Fiscal 2025. Supply mix is diversified, market priced and delivered pursuant to a number of long-term and short-term primary firm transportation and storage arrangements, including transportation contracts held by some of PA Gas Utility s larger customers and natural gas suppliers serving customers on PA Gas Utility s distribution system. 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, PA Gas Utility supplied transportation service to 11 electric generation facilities and 28 major co-generation facilities. PA Gas Utility continues to seek new residential, commercial and industrial customers for both firm and interruptible service. In Fiscal 2024, PA Gas Utility connected more than 1,250 new commercial and industrial customers. In the residential market sector, PA Gas Utility added more than 9,800 residential heating customers during Fiscal 2024. Approximately 50 of these customers converted to natural gas heating from other energy sources, mainly oil and electricity. New home construction and existing non-heating gas customers who added gas heating systems to replace other energy sources primarily accounted for the other residential heating connections in Fiscal 2024. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 PA Gas Utility continues to monitor and participate, where appropriate, in rulemaking and individual rate and tariff proceedings before FERC affecting the rates and the terms and conditions under which PA Gas Utility transports and stores natural gas using interstate natural gas pipelines. Among these proceedings are those arising out of certain FERC orders and/or pipeline filings that relate to (i) the pricing of pipeline services in a competitive energy marketplace, (ii) the flexibility of the terms and conditions of pipeline service tariffs and contracts, and (iii) pipelines requests to increase their base rates, or change the terms and conditions of their storage and transportation services. 
 
 PA Gas Utility s objective in negotiations with providers of gas supply resources, and in proceedings before regulatory agencies, is to ensure availability of supply, transportation and storage alternatives to serve market requirements at the lowest cost possible, taking into account the need for safety, security and reliability of supply. Consistent with that objective, PA Gas Utility negotiates certain terms of firm transportation capacity on all pipelines serving it, arranges for appropriate storage and peak-shaving resources, negotiates with producers for competitively priced gas purchases and participates in regulatory proceedings related to transportation rights and costs of service. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, PA Gas Utility had approximately 1,550 employees. 
 
 MOUNTAINEER 
 
 Mountaineer provides a regulated natural gas distribution business to approximately 210,000 customers in 50 of West Virginia s 55 counties. Mountaineer s system is comprised of approximately 6,200 miles of distribution, transmission and gathering pipelines. Contemporary materials, such as plastic or coated steel, comprise approximately 77 of Mountaineer s gas mains, with bare steel pipe comprising the remaining 23 . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Mountaineer s customer base was approximately 90 residential, and 10 commercial and industrial customers, with throughput volumes consisting of approximately 23 residential, 32 commercial and 45 industrial and other. Because many of its customers use gas for heating purposes, Mountaineer s sales are seasonal. For Fiscal 2024, approximately 66 of Mountaineer s sales volume (including transport volumes) was supplied, and all of Mountaineer s operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March. No single customer represents, or is anticipated to represent, more than five percent of Mountaineer s total revenues. 
 
 System throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within Mountaineer s distribution system) for Fiscal 2024 was approximately 51 Bcf. Retail core-market sales of gas accounted for approximately 37 of system throughput, while gas transported for commercial and industrial customers who bought their gas from others accounted for approximately 63 of system throughput. Mountaineer anticipates having adequate pipeline capacity, peaking services and other sources of supply available to it to meet the full requirements of all firm customers on its system through Fiscal 2025. 
 
 Approximately 51 of Mountaineer s annual throughput volume for commercial and industrial customers represents customers who are served under interruptible rates and are also in a location near an interstate pipeline. As of September 30, 2024, Mountaineer had 19 such customers, one of which has a transportation contract extending beyond September 30, 2025. The majority of these customers, including 10 of Mountaineer s largest customers in terms of annual volumes, are served under evergreen transportation contracts having a 30- to 180-day termination notice. 
 
 Mountaineer meets its service requirements by utilizing a diverse mix of natural gas purchase contracts with marketers and producers, along with storage and transportation service contracts. During Fiscal 2024, Mountaineer purchased approximately 20 Bcf of natural gas for sale to retail core-market customers (principally comprised of firm- residential, commercial and industrial customers that purchase their gas from Mountaineer). Approximately 83 of the volume purchased was supplied under agreements with 10 suppliers, with the remaining volumes supplied by various producers and marketers. Gas supply contracts for Mountaineer are generally evergreen agreements with a 30-day termination notice. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Mountaineer had approximately 470 employees. 

ELECTRIC UTILITY 
 
 Electric Utility supplies electric service to approximately 62,900 customers in portions of Luzerne and Wyoming counties in northeastern Pennsylvania through a system consisting of approximately 2,700 miles of transmission and distribution lines and 14 substations. For Fiscal 2024, approximately 56 of sales volume came from residential customers, 33 from commercial customers and 11 from industrial and other customers. During Fiscal 2024, 11 retail electric generation suppliers provided energy for customers representing approximately 23 of Electric Utility s sales volume. At September 30, 2024, UGI Utilities electric utility operations had approximately 80 employees. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

UTILITIES REGULATION 
 
 State Utility Regulation 
 
 PA Gas Utility 
 
 PA Gas Utility is subject to regulation by the PAPUC as to rates, terms and conditions of service, accounting matters, issuance of securities, contracts and other arrangements with affiliated entities, gas safety and various other matters. Rates that PA Gas Utility may charge for gas service come in two forms: (i) rates designed to recover PGCs; and (ii) rates designed to recover costs other than PGCs. Rates designed to recover PGCs are reviewed in PGC proceedings. Rates designed to recover costs other than PGCs are primarily established in general base rate proceedings. 
 
 Act 11 of 2012 authorized the PAPUC to permit electric and gas distribution companies, between base rate cases and subject to certain conditions, to recover reasonable and prudent costs incurred to repair, improve or replace eligible property through a DSIC assessed to customers. Among other requirements, DSICs are subject to quarterly reconciliation of over-/under- collection and are capped at five percent of total customer charges absent a PAPUC-granted exception. In addition, Act 11 requires affected utilities to obtain approval of LTIIPs from the PAPUC. Act 11 also authorized electric and gas distribution companies to utilize a fully projected future test year when establishing rates in base rate cases before the PAPUC. 
 
 On August 16, 2024, PA Gas Utility filed its third LTIIP covering calendar years 2025-2029. PA Gas Utility projects spending approximately 1.7 billion on DSIC-eligible property identified within the five year LTIIP period. A Commission Order on the LTIIP is anticipated prior to December 31, 2024. 
 On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement of a base rate proceeding by PA Gas Utility that permitted PA Gas Utility to implement a 49 million annual base distribution rate increase through a phased approach, with 38 million beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional 11 million beginning October 1, 2023. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was not permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024. Also in accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility implemented a weather normalization adjustment rider as a five-year pilot program beginning on November 1, 2022. Under this rider, customer billings for distribution services are adjusted monthly to reflect normal weather conditions where weather deviates more than three percent from normal. Additionally, under the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility is authorized to implement a DSIC once its total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reached 3.368 billion. This threshold was achieved in September 2022 and PA Gas Utility implemented a new DSIC effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 In addition to base distribution rates and various surcharges designed to recover specified types of costs, PA Gas Utility s tariff also includes a uniform PGC rate applicable to firm retail rate schedules for customers who do not obtain natural gas supply service from an alternative supplier. The PGC rate permits recovery of all prudently incurred costs of natural gas that PA Gas Utility sells to its retail customers. PGC rates are reviewed and approved annually by the PAPUC. PA Gas Utility may request quarterly or, under certain conditions, monthly adjustments to reflect the actual cost of gas. Quarterly adjustments become effective on one day s notice to the PAPUC and are subject to review during the next annual PGC filing. Each proposed annual PGC rate is required to be filed with the PAPUC six months prior to its effective date. During this period, the PAPUC investigates and may hold hearings to determine whether the proposed rate reflects a least-cost fuel procurement policy consistent with the obligation to provide safe, adequate and reliable service. After completion of these hearings, the PAPUC issues an order permitting the collection of gas costs at levels that meet such standard. The PGC mechanism also provides for an annual reconciliation and for the payment or collection of interest on over and under collections. On October 10, 2024, the PAPUC entered an Order approving a settlement of PA Gas Utility s recent annual PGC filing. 
 
 PA Gas Utility s gas service tariff also contains a state tax surcharge clause. The surcharge is recomputed whenever any of the tax rates included in their calculation are changed. These clauses protect PA Gas Utility from the effects of increases in certain of the Pennsylvania taxes to which it is subject. 
 
 Mountaineer 
 
 Mountaineer is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the WVPSC. When necessary, Mountaineer seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are determined by the cost-of-service by rate class, and the rate design methodology allocates the majority of operating costs through volumetric charges. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Mountaineer makes routine filings with the WVPSC to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas. These purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through a mechanism that provides dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs. Costs in excess of revenues that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets; conversely, revenues in excess of costs are deferred as a regulatory liability. The PGA filings generally cover a prospective 12-month period. By orders issued on November 29, 2022 and December 1, 2022 the WVPSC created for Mountaineer s residential customers only, a new monthly fixed charge of 11.08 to levelize the collection of the pipeline demand charges. The WVPSC issued a final order and a further final order on April 12, 2023 and April 14, 2023, respectively, which established final purchased gas rates, keeping in place the residential pipeline demand charge of 11.08 and permitted partial recovery of interest on the unrecovered balance that was deferred. In July 2023, Mountaineer filed a PGA case, and an interim rate order was issued on October 5, 2023 that established new reduced interim rates effective November 1, 2023. On April 5, 2024, the WVPSC entered a final order adopting the purchased gas cost recovery rate increments approved by the recommended decision entered March 1, 2024 but rejected the recommended decision s requirement for Mountaineer to eliminate the monthly residential pipeline demand charge in the next annual PGA proceeding. On July 31, 2024, Mountaineer filed its current PGA proceeding including the pipeline demand charge of 11.08 for residential customers and reflecting a decrease in purchased gas costs associated with lower natural gas costs. On October 4, 2024, an interim recommended decision was entered approving Mountaineer s proposed rates as filed to be effective as interim rates on November 1, 2024. The final PGA rate order is not expected until the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 As permitted by West Virginia law, the WVPSC has also approved a standalone cost recovery rider to recover specified costs and a return on infrastructure projects between general base rate cases in accordance with its IREP. Mountaineer makes an annual IREP filing, which is subject to an over/under-recovery mechanism similar to purchased gas costs. In December 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving a settlement in Mountaineer s 2024 IREP filing, including a revenue requirement of 9.6 million effective January 1, 2024. In July 2024, Mountaineer submitted its annual IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting a revenue increase of 8.9 million effective January 1, 2025, based on the forecasted 2025 calendar year IREP-eligible capital investments of 74 million and recovery of eligible costs. On October 28, 2024, the WVPSC issued a final order approving Mountaineer s requested IREP rates. 
 
 Mountaineer filed a base rate proceeding on March 6, 2023. By statute, the WVPSC suspended the rate increase until December 31, 2023. On October 6, 2023, Mountaineer filed a joint stipulation and agreement for settlement of the base rate case, which included a net revenue increase of approximately 13.9 million. On December 21, 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving the stipulated net revenue increase that provided an overall increase in total revenues of 4.16 . The WVPSC also approved Mountaineer s filed five-year Weather Normalization Adjustment Program with the requirement that Mountaineer provide further justification or modification for some elements of the program. On March 28, 2024, Mountaineer filed its response recommending limited modifications to the program. By order entered April 11, 2024, the WVPSC approved Mountaineer s WNA incorporating the proposed modifications and revised tariff language filed by Mountaineer. Mountaineer s WNA was implemented for service rendered on and after October 1, 2024. 
 
 Electric Utility 
 
 Electric Utility is permitted to recover prudently incurred electricity costs, including costs to obtain supply to meet its customers energy requirements, pursuant to a supply plan filed with and approved by the PAPUC. Electric Utility distributes electricity that it purchases from wholesale markets and electricity that customers purchase from other suppliers. 
 
 On January 27, 2023, Electric Utility filed for a base rate increase with the PAPUC. On July 14, 2023, Electric Utility filed a joint petition for settlement of the rate case, which included a revenue increase of approximately 8.5 million. In an order dated September 21, 2023, the PAPUC approved the settlement and authorized the increased rate to become effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 Electric Utility s tariff includes rates, applicable to so-called default service customers who do not obtain electric generation service from an alternative supplier, incurred pursuant to a PAPUC-approved supply plan. These default service rates are reconcilable, may be adjusted quarterly, and are designed to permit Electric Utility to recover the full costs of providing default service in a full and timely manner. Electric Utility s default service rates include recovery of costs associated with compliance with the AEPS Act, which requires Electric Utility to directly or indirectly acquire certain percentages of its supplies from designated alternative energy sources. In an order dated January 14, 2021, the PAPUC authorized Electric Utility to implement its current Default Service plan for the period June 1, 2021 through May 31, 2025, in accordance with a settlement filed in that proceeding on October 23, 2020. 
 
 On May 31, 2024, Electric Utility filed its next default service plan with the PAPUC for the period June 1, 2025 through May 31, 2029, which is pending before the PAPUC. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Electric Utility s tariff also includes a DSIC surcharge mechanism that was authorized by the PAPUC in 2019. Electric Utility s first LTIIP, approved in 2017, provided the basis for its current DSIC charges through September 30, 2022. That authority was extended by order of the PAPUC issued August 25, 2022, in which Electric Utility s second LTIIP filing was approved, authorizing the expenditure of 50.6 million of DSIC-eligible plant over the five-year period ending September 30, 2027. 
 
 With the implementation of new base rates on October 1, 2023 pursuant to the PAPUC s September 21, 2023 order in the 2023 Electric Utility base rate case, Electric Utility s DSIC-eligible plant associated revenue requirement was rolled into Electric Utility s base rates. The final order issued by the PAPUC approved the settlement of the base rate proceeding and authorized Electric Utility to implement a new DSIC surcharge once Electric Utility s total gross plant balance exceeds 275 million. 
 
 Utility Franchises 
 
 PA Gas Utility and Electric Utility hold certificates of public convenience issued by the PAPUC and certain grandfather rights predating the adoption of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Code and its predecessor statutes, which authorize it to carry on its business in the territories in which it renders gas service. Under applicable Pennsylvania law, PA Gas Utility and Electric Utility also have certain rights of eminent domain as well as the right to maintain their facilities in public streets and highways in their respective territories. PA Gas Utility also holds certain franchise rights issued by the Maryland Public Service Commission, which authorizes it to carry on its business in Maryland. 
 
 Similarly, Mountaineer holds certificates of public convenience issued by the WVPSC, which authorize it to carry on its business in substantially all of the territories in which it now renders gas service. Under applicable West Virginia law, Mountaineer also has certain rights of eminent domain as well as the right to maintain its facilities in public streets and highways in its territories. 
 
 Federal Energy Regulation 
 
 With the acquisition of Mountaineer on September 1, 2021, UGI and its subsidiaries became subject to FERC regulation under PUHCA 2005 pertaining to record-keeping and affiliate service pricing requirements. UGI provided notice of its non-exempt status on September 17, 2021. 
 
 Utilities is subject to Section 4A of the Natural Gas Act, which prohibits the use or employment of any manipulative or deceptive devices or contrivances in connection with the purchase or sale of natural gas or natural gas transportation subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, and FERC regulations that are designed to promote the transparency, efficiency, and integrity of gas markets. 
 
 Similarly, UGI Utilities is also subject to Section 222 of the Federal Power Act, which prohibits the use or employment of any manipulative or deceptive devices or contrivances in connection with the purchase or sale of electric energy or transmission service subject to the jurisdiction of FERC, and FERC regulations that are designed to promote the transparency, efficiency, and integrity of electric markets. 
 
 FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of electric transmission facilities used for wholesale or retail choice transactions. Electric Utility owns electric transmission facilities that are within the control area of PJM and are dispatched in accordance with a FERC-approved open access tariff and associated agreements administered by PJM. PJM is a regional transmission organization that regulates and coordinates generation, supply and the wholesale delivery of electricity. Electric Utility receives certain revenues collected by PJM, determined under a formulary rate schedule that is adjusted in June of each year to reflect annual changes in Electric Utility s electric transmission revenue requirements, when its transmission facilities are used by third parties. FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of wholesale sales of electric capacity and energy. Electric Utility has a tariff on file with FERC pursuant to which it may make power sales to wholesale customers at market-based rates. 
 
 Under provisions of EPACT 2005, Electric Utility is subject to certain electric reliability standards established by FERC and administered by an ERO. Electric Utility anticipates that substantially all the costs of complying with the ERO standards will be recoverable through its PJM formulary electric transmission rate schedule. 
 
 EPACT 2005 also granted FERC authority to impose substantial civil penalties for the violation of any regulations, orders or provisions under the Federal Power Act and Natural Gas Act and clarified FERC s authority over certain utility or holding company mergers or acquisitions of electric utilities or electric transmitting utility property valued at 10 million or more. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Other Government Regulation 
 
 In addition to state and federal regulation discussed above, Utilities is subject to various federal, state and local laws governing environmental matters, occupational health and safety, pipeline safety and other matters. Each is subject to the requirements of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA and comparable state statutes with respect to the release of hazardous substances. See Note 16 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

MIDSTREAM MARKETING 
 
 Retail Energy Marketing 
 
 Our retail energy marketing business is conducted through Energy Services and its subsidiaries, and sells natural gas, RNG, liquid fuels and electricity to approximately 10,800 residential, commercial, and industrial customers at approximately 40,000 locations. In Fiscal 2024, we (i) served customers in all or portions of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, New York, Ohio, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, California, and the District of Columbia, (ii) distributed natural gas through the use of the distribution systems of 47 local gas utilities, and (iii) supplied power to customers through the use of the transmission and distribution lines of 20 utility systems. 
 
 Historically, a majority of Energy Services commodity sales have been made under fixed-price agreements, which typically contain a take-or-pay arrangement that permits customers to purchase a fixed amount of product for a fixed price during a specified period, and requires payment even if the customer does not take delivery of the product. However, a growing number of Energy Services commodity sales are currently being made under requirements contracts, under which Energy Services is typically an exclusive supplier and will supply as much product at a fixed price as the customer requires. Energy Services manages supply cost volatility related to these agreements by (i) entering into fixed-price supply arrangements with a diverse group of suppliers, (ii) holding its own interstate pipeline transportation and storage contracts to efficiently utilize gas supplies, (iii) entering into exchange-traded futures contracts on NYMEX and ICE, (iv) entering into over-the-counter derivative arrangements with major international banks and major suppliers, (v) utilizing supply assets that it owns or manages, and (vi) utilizing financial transmission rights to hedge price risk against certain transmission costs. Energy Services also bears the risk for balancing and delivering natural gas and power to its customers under various gas pipeline and utility company tariffs. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk Disclosures. 
 
 Midstream Assets 
 
 LNG 
 
 Our LNG assets, which are owned by Energy Services and its subsidiaries, comprise a natural gas liquefaction, storage and vaporization facility in Temple, Pennsylvania, a natural gas liquefaction and storage facility in Mehoopany, Pennsylvania, liquefied natural gas vaporization and storage facilities in Steelton and Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and three small mobile facilities located in Reading, Mount Carmel and Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. 
 
 In addition, Energy Services sells LNG to customers for use by trucks, drilling rigs, other motor vehicles and facilities located off the natural gas grid. In Fiscal 2024, Energy Services sold LNG to Mountaineer under a WVPSC-approved contract. Further, in Fiscal 2024, our Midstream Marketing segment also managed natural gas pipeline and storage contracts for utility company customers, including UGI Utilities. 
 
 Natural Gas and Propane Storage 
 
 Energy Services and its subsidiaries own propane storage and propane-air mixing stations in Bethlehem, Reading, Hunlock Creek and White Deer, Pennsylvania. Energy Services and its subsidiaries also operate propane storage, rail transshipment terminals and propane-air mixing stations in Steelton and Williamsport, Pennsylvania. These assets are used in Midstream Marketing s energy peaking business that provides supplemental energy, primarily LNG and propane-air mixtures, to gas utilities at times of high demand (generally during periods of coldest winter weather). 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services owns and operates underground natural gas storage and related high pressure pipeline facilities, which have FERC approval to sell storage services at market-based rates. The storage facilities are located in the Marcellus Shale region of north-central Pennsylvania and have a total storage capacity of 15 million dekatherms and a maximum daily withdrawal quantity of 224,000 dekatherms. In Fiscal 2024, Energy Services leased approximately 72 of the firm capacity at its underground natural gas facilities to third parties. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Gathering Systems and Pipelines 
 
 Energy Services operates the Auburn gathering system in the Marcellus Shale region of northeastern Pennsylvania with a total pipeline system capacity of 635,000 dekatherms per day. The gathering system delivers into both the Tennessee Gas and Transcontinental Gas pipelines and receives gas from Tennessee Gas Pipeline as part of a capacity lease with UGI Utilities. Energy Services also operates a 6.5-mile pipeline, known as the Union Dale pipeline, that gathers gas in Susquehanna County and has a capacity of 100,000 dekatherms per day. In addition, Energy Services owns and operates approximately 95 miles of natural gas gathering lines, dehydration and compression facilities, known as Texas Creek, Marshlands, and Ponderosa, located in Bradford, Tioga, Lycoming, Potter and Clinton Counties, Pennsylvania. The combined capacity of these three systems is more than 250,000 dekatherms per day. 
 
 Energy Services and its subsidiaries also own and operate a 35-mile, 20-inch pipeline, known as the Sunbury pipeline, with related facilities located in Snyder, Union, Northumberland, Montour, and Lycoming Counties, Pennsylvania, which has a design capacity of 200,000 dekatherms per day. In addition, Energy Services owns and operates the Mt. Bethel pipeline, which runs 12.5 miles in Northampton County, Pennsylvania and is designed to provide 72,000 dekatherms per day. 
 
 Including its joint venture with Stonehenge Energy Holdings III LLC in Pine Run Midstream, Energy Services subsidiary, UGI Appalachia, consists of seven natural gas gathering systems with approximately 330 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines and gas compressors and one processing plant in southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, and the panhandle of West Virginia. The UGI Appalachia assets provide natural gas gathering and processing services in the Appalachian Basin with gathering capacity of approximately 3,110,000 dekatherms per day and processing capacity of approximately 240,000 dekatherms per day. 
 
 Electric Generation Assets 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, Midstream Marketing held electric generation facilities conducted by Energy Services wholly owned subsidiary, UGID. Energy Services sold all of its ownership interest in UGID in September 2024. Accordingly, UGID s ownership interest in the Hunlock Creek Energy Center located in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a natural gas-fueled electricity generating station, was also disposed of in September 2024. UGID Solar, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, continues to own and operate 13.5 megawatts of solar-powered generation capacity in Pennsylvania, Maryland and New Jersey. 
 
 Renewable Natural Gas 
 
 GHI, a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Services, purchases gas produced from landfills and biodigesters and resells the gas to fleet operators. Environmental credits are generated through this process, which are then sold to various third parties for an additional revenue stream. See Business Strategy Investment in Renewable Energy in this Item 1. and 2. Business and Properties for information on transactions Energy Services completed to further UGI s foundation for growth within the renewable energy space. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our Midstream Marketing segment competes with other midstream operators to sell gathering, compression, storage and pipeline transportation services. Our Midstream Marketing segment competes in both the regulated and non-regulated environment against interstate and intrastate pipelines that gather, compress, process, transport and market natural gas. Our Midstream Marketing segment sells midstream services primarily to producers, marketers and utilities on the basis of price, customer service, flexibility, reliability and operational experience. The competition in the midstream segment is significant as more competitors seek opportunities offered by the development of the Marcellus and Utica Shales. 
 
 Our Midstream Marketing segment also competes with other marketers, consultants and local utilities to sell natural gas, liquid fuels, electric power and related services to customers in its service area principally on the basis of price, customer service and reliability. Midstream Marketing s midstream asset base is relatively well-established, though still faces competition from large, national competitors that can offer a suite of services across all customer segments. 
 
 Prior to the disposition of UGID, our electricity generation assets competed with other generation stations on the interface of PJM, a regional transmission organization that coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity in certain states, including the states in which we operate, and bases sales on bid pricing. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Through our wholly owned subsidiary, GHI, Energy Services has the capability to source and deliver RNG to customers throughout the U.S. GHI currently delivers RNG to transportation fleets for utilization in their compressed natural gas and LNG fueled vehicles, resulting in the creation and monetization of California Low Carbon Fuel Standard credits and Renewable Fuel Standard Renewable Identification Number credits. GHI competes with other RNG marketers and brokers on the basis of price, customer service and reliability. Further, our Midstream Marketing segment competes with other RNG project developers, which is a more competitive environment. We compete to acquire the projects from the feedstock generators, which are typically farmers (for manure digesters) and landfill operators, including through offerings of joint venture ownership interests, feedstock payments and royalties. In addition, there has been significant consolidation over the past few years with both agricultural and landfill RNG project owners/developers. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 FERC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service of wholesale sales of electric capacity and energy, as well as the sales for resale of natural gas and related storage and transportation services. Energy Services has a tariff on file with FERC, pursuant to which it may make power sales to wholesale customers at market-based rates, to the extent that Energy Services purchases power in excess of its retail customer needs. Two subsidiaries of Energy Services, UGI LNG, Inc. and UGI Storage Company, currently operate natural gas storage facilities under FERC certificate approvals and offer services to wholesale customers at FERC-approved market-based rates. Two other Energy Services subsidiaries operate natural gas pipelines that are subject to FERC regulation. UGI Mt. Bethel Pipeline Company, LLC operates a 12.5-mile, 12-inch pipeline located in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, and UGI Sunbury, LLC operates the Sunbury Pipeline, a 35-mile, 20-inch diameter pipeline located in central Pennsylvania. Both pipelines offer open-access transportation services at cost-based rates approved by FERC. Energy Services and its subsidiaries undertake various activities to maintain compliance with the FERC Standards of Conduct with respect to pipeline operations. Energy Services is also subject to FERC reporting requirements, market manipulation rules and other FERC enforcement and regulatory powers with respect to its wholesale commodity business. 
 
 Midstream Marketing s midstream assets include natural gas gathering pipelines and compression and processing in northeastern Pennsylvania, southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and the panhandle of West Virginia that are regulated under federal pipeline safety laws and subject to operational oversight by both the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the state public utility commissions for the states in which the specific pipelines are located. 
 
 Certain of our Midstream Marketing and RNG businesses are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, safety and transportation laws and regulations governing the storage, distribution and transportation of propane and the operation of bulk storage LPG terminals. These laws include, among others, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA, the Clean Air Act, OSHA, the Homeland Security Act of 2002, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, the Clean Water Act and comparable state statutes. CERCLA imposes joint and several liability on certain classes of persons considered to have contributed to the release or threatened release of a hazardous substance into the environment without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. With respect to the operation of natural gas gathering and transportation pipelines, Energy Services also is required to comply with the provisions of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 and the regulations of the DOT. 
 
 Our Midstream Marketing s electricity generation assets own electric generation facilities that are within the control area of PJM and are dispatched in accordance with a FERC-approved open access tariff and associated agreements administered by PJM. Prior to the disposition of UGID in September 2024, UGID was the entity designated for dispatching and financially settling all company owned generation and receives certain revenues collected by PJM, determined under an approved rate schedule. 
 
 Employees 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Midstream Marketing had approximately 360 employees. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 UGI INTERNATIONAL 
 
 UGI International, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, conducts an LPG distribution business in 16 countries throughout Europe (Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Hungary, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden and the United Kingdom). Based on reported market volumes for 2023, which is the most recent information available, UGI International believes that it is the largest distributor of LPG in France, Austria, Belgium, Denmark and Luxembourg and one of the largest distributors of LPG in Hungary, Norway, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland. 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, we completed our previously announced exit of substantially all of our non-core European energy marketing business, which had primarily marketed natural gas and electricity to customers in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. In addition, we divested all of our LPG business in Switzerland. 
 
 Products, Services and Marketing 
 LPG Distribution Business 
 During Fiscal 2024, UGI International sold approximately 875 million gallons of LPG throughout Europe. UGI International operates under six distinct LPG brands, and its customer base primarily consists of residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and automobile fuel autogas customers that use LPG for space heating, cooking, water heating, motor fuel, leisure activities, crop drying, irrigation, construction, power generation, manufacturing and as an aerosol propellant. For Fiscal 2024, approximately 49 of UGI International s LPG volume was sold to commercial and industrial customers, 15 was sold to residential, 11 was sold to agricultural and 25 was sold to wholesale and other customers (including autogas). UGI International supplies LPG to its customers in small, medium and large bulk tanks at their locations. In addition to bulk sales, UGI International sells LPG in cylinders through retail outlets, such as supermarkets, individually owned stores and gas stations and directly to businesses that operate LPG-powered forklifts. Sales of LPG are also made to service stations to fuel vehicles that run on LPG. UGI International s Fiscal 2024 LPG sales were attributed to bulk, cylinder, wholesale and autogas. For Fiscal 2024, no single customer represented more than 5 of UGI International s revenues. 
 Bulk 
 Approximately 63 of UGI International s Fiscal 2024 LPG sales (based on volumes) were attributed to bulk customers. UGI International classifies its bulk customers as small, medium or large bulk, depending upon volume consumed annually at the customer locations. Based on volumes consumed, small bulk customers are primarily residential and small business users, such as restaurants, that use LPG mainly for heating and cooking. Medium bulk customers consist mainly of large residential housing developments, hospitals, hotels, municipalities, medium-sized industrial enterprises and poultry brooders. Large bulk customers include agricultural customers (including crop drying) and companies that use LPG in their industrial processes. UGI International had approximately 477,000 bulk LPG customers and sold 554 million gallons of bulk LPG during Fiscal 2024. 
 Cylinder 
 Approximately 15 of UGI International s Fiscal 2024 LPG sales (based on volumes) were attributed to cylinder customers. UGI International sells LPG in both steel and composite cylinders and typically owns the cylinders in which the LPG is sold. The principal end-users of cylinders are residential customers who use LPG for domestic applications, such as cooking and heating. Non-residential uses include fuel for forklift trucks, road construction and welding. At September 30, 2024, UGI International had more than 21 million cylinders in circulation and sold approximately 132 million gallons of LPG in cylinders during Fiscal 2024. UGI International also delivers LPG to wholesale and retail customers in cylinders, including through the use of vending machines. 
 Wholesale, Autogas and Other Services 
 Approximately 17 of UGI International s Fiscal 2024 LPG sales (based on volumes) were to wholesale customers (including small competitors and large industrial customers), and approximately 4 of Fiscal 2024 LPG sales (based on volumes) were to autogas customers. UGI International also provides logistics, storage and other services to third-party LPG distributors. 
 
 Energy Marketing Business 
 During Fiscal 2024, we completed our previously announced exit of substantially all of our non-core European energy marketing business, which had primarily marketed natural gas and electricity to customers in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. For further information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Overview Recent Developments. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 LPG Supply, Storage and Transportation 
 UGI International is typically party to term contracts, with approximately 30 different suppliers, including producers and international oil and gas trading companies, to meet LPG supply requirements throughout Europe. LPG supply is transported via rail and sea, and by road for shorter distances. Agreements are generally one-year terms with pricing based on internationally quoted market prices. Additionally, LPG is purchased on the European spot markets to manage supply needs. In certain geographic areas, such as Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France and Poland a single supplier may provide nearly 50 or more of UGI International s requirements. Because UGI International s profitability is sensitive to changes in wholesale LPG costs, UGI International generally seeks to pass on increases in the cost of LPG to its customers. There can be no assurance, however, that UGI International will always be able to pass on product cost increases fully, or keep pace with such increases, particularly when product costs rise rapidly. Product cost increases can be triggered by periods of severe cold weather, supply interruptions, increases in the prices of base commodities such as crude oil and natural gas, or other unforeseen events. 
 The significant increase in European natural gas prices have resulted in refineries substituting a portion of their natural gas refinery fuels with LPG, leading to a decrease in some areas in the availability of LPG. In addition, gas processing plants supplying the United Kingdom and Norway markets are injecting LPG into the natural gas grid, decreasing the overall supply of LPG from the gas processing plants. 
 
 UGI International stores LPG at various storage facilities and terminals located across Europe and has interests in both primary storage facilities and secondary storage facilities. LPG stored in primary storage facilities is transported by rail and road to secondary storage facilities where LPG is loaded into cylinders or trucks equipped with tanks and then is delivered to customers. UGI International also manages an extensive logistics and transportation network and has access to seaborne import facilities. 
 
 UGI International transports LPG to customers primarily through outsourced transportation providers to serve both bulk and cylinder markets. UGI International has long-term relationships with many providers of logistics and transportation services in most of its markets, and is not dependent on the services of any single transportation provider. 
 Trade Names, Trade and Service Marks 
 
 UGI International protects its intellectual property rights through tradenames, trade and service marks and foreign intellectual property laws. UGI International and its subsidiaries utilize a variety of tradenames, including, but not limited to, AmeriGas (Poland), Antargaz, AvantiGas, FLAGA, Kosan Gas and UniverGas, and related service marks to market its LPG products and services. UGI International and its subsidiaries currently have tradenames, trade and service marks registered in various countries. UGI International s trademarks, tradenames and other proprietary rights are valuable assets and we believe that they have significant value in the marketing of our products and services. 
 Competition and Seasonality 
 The LPG markets in western and northern Europe are mature, with modest declines in total demand due to competition with other fossil fuels and other energy sources, conservation and macroeconomic conditions. Sales volumes are affected principally by the severity of the weather and customer migration to alternative energy forms, including natural gas, electricity, heating oil and wood. High LPG prices also may result in slower than expected growth due to customer conservation and customers seeking less expensive alternative energy sources. Conversely, high natural gas prices versus LPG prices over a period of time will result in customers seeking to migrate to LPG. In addition, government policies and incentives that favor alternative energy sources, such as heat pumps as well as wind and solar sources, can result in customers migrating to energy sources other than LPG. In addition to price, UGI International competes for customers in its various markets based on contract terms. UGI International competes locally as well as regionally in many of its service territories. Additionally, particularly in France, although UGI International supplies certain supermarket chains, it also competes with some of these supermarket chains that affiliate with LPG distributors to offer their own brands of cylinders. UGI International seeks to increase demand for its LPG cylinders through marketing and product innovations, such as the use of automatic vending machines. 
 
 Because many of UGI International s customers use LPG for heating, sales volumes are affected principally by the severity of the temperatures during the heating season months and traditionally fluctuates from year-to-year in response to variations in weather, prices and other factors, such as conservation efforts and the economic environment. During Fiscal 2024, approximately 60 of UGI International s retail sales volumes occurred during the peak heating season from October through March. As a result of this seasonality, revenues are typically higher in UGI International s first and second fiscal quarters (October 1 through March 31). For historical information on weather statistics for UGI International, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 UGI International s business is subject to various laws and regulations at the country and local levels, as well as at the EU level, with respect to matters such as protection of the environment, the storage, transportation and handling of hazardous materials and flammable substances (including the Seveso II Directive), regulations specific to bulk tanks, cylinders and piped networks, competition, pricing, regulation of contract terms, anti-corruption (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Sapin II and the U.K. Bribery Act), data privacy and protection, and the safety of persons and property. 
 Environmental 
 Environmental laws and regulations may require expenditures over a long timeframe to control environmental effects. Estimates of liabilities for environmental response costs are difficult to determine with precision because of the various factors that can affect their ultimate level. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the complexity of the site; (ii) changes in environmental laws and regulations; (iii) the number of regulatory agencies or other parties involved; (iv) new technology that renders previous technology obsolete or experience with existing technology that proves ineffective; (v) the level of remediation required; and (vi) variation between the estimated and actual period of time required to respond to an environmentally-contaminated site. 
 EU Carbon Neutral Target 
 
 In December 2019, EU leaders endorsed the objective of achieving a climate-neutral EU by 2050, with net-zero GHG emissions, and in July 2021, the European Commission adopted the European Climate Law to write this target into the law. The European Climate Law also includes a 2030 GHG reduction target of at least 55 below 1990 levels as an intermediate target. These targets are legally binding and based on an impact assessment conducted by the Commission. In 2023, the EU member states adopted a revision of the Emission Trading System (ETS) Directive, which aims for a 62 reduction in emissions by 2030. UGI International will also be subject to a new Emission Trading System, known as ETS 2, which will become operational in 2027. 
 
 Data Privacy 
 The EU adopted the GDPR, which became effective in May 2018. The GDPR expanded the EU data protection laws to all companies processing data of EU residents. It primarily focuses on unifying and strengthening the regulations dealing with the collection, processing, use and security of personal and sensitive data. 
 Properties 
 In addition to regional headquarter locations and sales offices throughout its service territory, UGI International has interests in eight primary storage facilities and more than 65 secondary storage facilities. 
 Employees 
 At September 30, 2024, UGI International had approximately 2,200 employees. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 AMERIGAS PROPANE 
 
 Products, Services and Marketing 
 
 Our domestic propane distribution business is conducted through AmeriGas Propane. AmeriGas Propane serves over 1.1 million customers in all 50 states from approximately 1,360 propane distribution locations. Typically, propane distribution locations are in suburban and rural areas where natural gas is not readily available. Our local offices generally consist of operations facilities and propane storage. As part of its overall transportation and distribution infrastructure, AmeriGas Propane operates as an interstate carrier in all states throughout the continental U.S. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane sells propane primarily to residential, commercial/industrial, motor fuel, agricultural and wholesale customers. AmeriGas Propane distributed approximately 827 million gallons of propane in Fiscal 2024. Approximately 89 of AmeriGas Propane s Fiscal 2024 sales (based on gallons sold) was to retail accounts and approximately 11 was to wholesale accounts. Sales to residential customers in Fiscal 2024 represented approximately 27 of retail gallons sold; commercial/industrial customers 42 ; motor fuel customers 22 ; and agricultural customers 3 . Transport gallons, which are large-scale deliveries to retail customers other than residential, accounted for approximately 5 of Fiscal 2024 retail gallons. With the exception of one customer representing 5 of AmeriGas Propane s consolidated revenues, no other single customer represents more than 5 of AmeriGas Propane s consolidated revenues. 
 
 The ACE program continued to be an important element of AmeriGas Propane s business in Fiscal 2024. At September 30, 2024, ACE cylinders were available at over 47,000 retail locations throughout the U.S. Sales of our ACE cylinders to retailers are included in commercial/industrial sales. The ACE program enables consumers to purchase or exchange propane cylinders at various retail locations such as home centers, gas stations, mass merchandisers and grocery and convenience stores. In addition, our Cynch propane home delivery service was available in 20 cities as of September 30, 2024. We also supply retailers with large propane tanks to enable them to replenish customers propane cylinders directly at the retailers locations. 
 
 Residential and commercial customers use propane primarily for home heating, water heating and cooking purposes. Commercial users include hotels, restaurants, churches, warehouses and retail stores. Industrial customers use propane to fire furnaces, as a cutting gas and in other process applications. Other industrial customers are large-scale heating accounts and local gas utility customers that use propane as a supplemental fuel to meet peak load deliverability requirements. As a motor fuel, propane is burned in internal combustion engines that power school buses and other over-the-road vehicles, forklifts and stationary engines. Agricultural uses include tobacco curing, chicken brooding, crop drying and orchard heating. In its wholesale operations, AmeriGas Propane principally sells propane to large industrial end-users and other propane distributors. 
 
 Retail deliveries of propane are usually made to customers by means of bobtail and rack trucks. Propane is pumped from the bobtail truck, which generally holds 2,400 to 3,000 gallons of propane, into a stationary storage tank on the customer s premises. AmeriGas Propane owns most of these storage tanks and leases them to its customers. The capacity of these tanks ranges from approximately 120 gallons to approximately 1,200 gallons. AmeriGas Propane also delivers propane in portable cylinders, including ACE and motor fuel cylinders. Some of these deliveries are made to the customer s location where cylinders are either picked up or replenished in place. 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, we made technology and other investments to promote the safety of our employees and the communities we serve. For example, we (i) invested in flame resistant clothing and uniform standardization for our employees, and (ii) continue to install fall protection towers on rail terminals that are designed to prevent employees from falling during the process of offloading propane into bulk storage. 
 
 Propane Supply and Storage 
 
 The U.S. propane market has approximately 200 domestic and international sources of supply, including the spot market. Supplies of propane from AmeriGas Propane s sources historically have been readily available. In recent years, certain geographies experienced varying levels of reduced propane availability as a result of transportation issues within the supply chain. In response to these supply and transportation challenges, AmeriGas Propane utilized a combination of increased regional storage as well as rail and transport supply from different origins to offset localized supply/demand imbalances. 
 
 In addition to these factors, the availability and pricing of propane supply has historically been dependent upon, among other things, the severity of winter weather, the price and availability of competing fuels such as natural gas and crude oil, and the amount and availability of exported supply and, to a much lesser extent, imported supply. For more information on risks relating to our supply chain, see Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Supply Chain and Our Ability to Obtain Adequate Quantities of LPG. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

During Fiscal 2024, approximately 98 of AmeriGas Propane s propane supply was purchased under supply agreements with terms of one to three years. Although no assurance can be given that supplies of propane will be readily available in the future, management currently expects to be able to secure adequate supplies during Fiscal 2025. If supply from major sources were interrupted, however, the cost of procuring replacement supplies and transporting those supplies from alternative locations might be materially higher and, at least on a short-term basis, margins could be adversely affected. In Fiscal 2024, AmeriGas Propane derived approximately 15 of its propane supply from Enterprise Products Operating LLC and approximately 12 of its propane supply from Targa Liquids Marketing and Trade LLC. No other single supplier provided more than 10 of AmeriGas Propane s total propane supply in Fiscal 2024. In certain geographic areas, however, a single supplier provides more than 50 of AmeriGas Propane s requirements. Disruptions in supply in these areas could also have an adverse impact on AmeriGas Propane s margins. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane s supply contracts typically provide for pricing based upon (i) index formulas using the current prices established at a major storage point such as Mont Belvieu, Texas, or Conway, Kansas, or (ii) posted prices at the time of delivery. In addition, some agreements provide maximum and minimum seasonal purchase volume guidelines. The percentage of contract purchases, and the amount of supply contracted for at fixed prices, will vary from year to year. AmeriGas Propane uses a number of interstate pipelines, as well as railroad tank cars, delivery trucks and barges, to transport propane from suppliers to storage and distribution facilities. AmeriGas Propane stores propane at various storage facilities and terminals located in strategic areas across the U.S. 
 
 Because AmeriGas Propane s profitability is sensitive to changes in wholesale propane costs, AmeriGas Propane generally seeks to pass on increases in the cost of propane to customers. There is no assurance, however, that AmeriGas Propane will always be able to pass on product cost increases fully, or keep pace with such increases, particularly when product costs rise rapidly. Product cost increases can be triggered by periods of severe cold weather, supply interruptions, increases in the prices of base commodities, such as crude oil and natural gas, or other unforeseen events. AmeriGas Propane has supply acquisition and product cost risk management practices to reduce the effect of volatility on selling prices. These practices currently include the use of summer storage, forward purchases and derivative commodity instruments, such as propane price swaps. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Market Risk Disclosures. 
 
 The following graph shows the average prices of propane on the propane spot market during the last five fiscal years at Mont Belvieu, Texas, and Conway, Kansas, both major storage areas. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Average Propane Spot Market Prices 

General Industry Information 
 
 Propane is separated from crude oil during the refining process and also extracted from natural gas or oil wellhead gas at processing plants. Propane is normally transported and stored in a liquid state under moderate pressure or refrigeration for economy and ease of handling in shipping and distribution. When the pressure is released or the temperature is increased, it is usable as a flammable gas. Propane is colorless and odorless; an odorant is added to allow for its detection. Propane is considered a clean alternative fuel under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Propane competes with other sources of energy, some of which are less costly for equivalent energy value. Propane distributors compete for customers with suppliers of electricity, fuel oil and natural gas, principally on the basis of price, service, availability and portability. Electricity is generally more expensive than propane on a Btu equivalent basis, but the convenience and efficiency of electricity make it an attractive energy source for consumers and developers of new homes. Fuel oil, which is also a major competitor of propane, is a less environmentally attractive energy source. Furnaces and appliances that burn propane will not operate on fuel oil, and vice versa, and, therefore, a conversion from one fuel to the other requires the installation of new equipment. Propane serves as an alternative to natural gas in rural and suburban areas where natural gas is unavailable or portability of product is required. Natural gas is generally a significantly less expensive source of energy than propane, although in areas where natural gas is available, propane is used for certain industrial and commercial applications and as a standby fuel during interruptions in natural gas service. The gradual expansion of the nation s natural gas distribution systems has resulted in the availability of natural gas in some areas that previously depended upon propane. However, natural gas pipelines are not present in many areas of the country where propane is sold for heating and cooking purposes. 
 
 For motor fuel customers, propane competes with gasoline, diesel fuel, electric batteries, fuel cells and, in certain applications, LNG and compressed natural gas. Wholesale propane distribution is a highly competitive, low margin business. Propane sales to other retail distributors and large-volume, direct-shipment industrial end-users are price sensitive and frequently involve a competitive bidding process. 
 
 Retail propane industry volumes have been flat for several years and no or modest growth in total demand is foreseen in the next several years. AmeriGas Propane s ability to grow within the industry is dependent on the success of its sales and marketing programs designed to attract and retain customers, the success of business transformation initiatives, and its ability to achieve internal growth, which includes the continuation of ACE and National Accounts (through which multi-location propane users enter into a single AmeriGas Propane supply agreement rather than agreements with multiple suppliers). Any failure of AmeriGas Propane to retain and grow its customer base would have an adverse effect on its long-term results. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The domestic propane retail distribution business is highly competitive. AmeriGas Propane competes in this business with other large propane marketers, including other full-service marketers, and thousands of small independent operators. Some farm cooperatives, rural electric cooperatives and fuel oil distributors include propane distribution in their businesses and AmeriGas Propane competes with them as well. The ability to compete effectively depends on providing high quality customer service, maintaining competitive retail prices and controlling operating expenses. AmeriGas Propane also offers customers various payment and service options, including guaranteed price programs, fixed price arrangements and pricing arrangements based on published propane prices at specified terminals. 
 
 In Fiscal 2024, AmeriGas Propane s retail propane sales totaled approximately 737 million gallons. Based on the most recent annual survey by the Propane Education Research Council, 2023 domestic retail propane sales (annual sales for other than chemical uses) in the U.S. totaled approximately 9 billion gallons. Based on LP-GAS magazine rankings, 2023 sales volume of the ten largest propane distribution companies (including AmeriGas Propane) represented approximately 35 of domestic retail propane sales. 
 
 Properties 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, AmeriGas Propane owned approximately 87 of its nearly 520 local offices throughout the country. The transportation of propane requires specialized equipment. The trucks and railroad tank cars utilized for this purpose carry specialized steel tanks that maintain the propane in a liquefied state. As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership operated a transportation fleet with the following assets: 
 Approximate Quantity Equipment Type Owned Leased 1,025 Trailers 76 24 340 Tractors 14 86 600 Railroad tank cars 0 100 2,550 Bobtail trucks 11 89 300 Rack trucks 10 90 3,070 Service and delivery trucks 13 87 
 
 Other assets owned at September 30, 2024 included approximately 890,000 stationary storage tanks with typical capacities of more than 120 gallons, approximately 3.9 million portable propane cylinders with typical capacities of 1 to 120 gallons, 21 terminals and 11 transflow units. 
 
 Trade Names, Trade and Service Marks 
 
 AmeriGas Propane markets propane and other services principally under the AmeriGas , America s Propane Company , and Cynch trade names and related service marks. AmeriGas Propane owns, directly or indirectly, all the right, title and interest in the AmeriGas name and related trade and service marks. AmeriGas Polska Sp. z.o.o. has an exclusive, royalty-free license from AmeriGas Propane to use the AmeriGas name and related service marks in Poland and Germany and with respect thereto on the Internet. The term of the license is in perpetuity. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Because many customers use propane for heating purposes, AmeriGas Propane s retail sales volume is seasonal. During Fiscal 2024, approximately 63 of the Partnership s retail sales volume occurred, and substantially all of AmeriGas Propane s operating income was earned, during the peak heating season from October through March. As a result of this seasonality, revenues are typically higher in AmeriGas Propane s first and second fiscal quarters (October 1 through March 31). Cash receipts are generally greatest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for propane purchased during the winter heating season. For more information on the risks associated with the seasonality of our business, see Risk Factors - Our business is seasonal and decreases in the demand for propane our energy products and services because of warmer-than-normal heating season weather or unfavorable weather conditions may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Sales volume for AmeriGas Propane traditionally fluctuates from year-to-year in response to variations in weather, prices, competition, customer mix and other factors, such as conservation efforts and general economic conditions. For information on national weather statistics, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 
 AmeriGas Propane is subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health, data privacy, safety and transportation laws and regulations governing the storage, distribution and transportation of propane and the operation of bulk storage propane terminals. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 Generally, applicable environmental laws impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants, establish standards for the handling of solid and hazardous substances, and require the investigation and cleanup of environmental contamination. These laws include, among others, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, CERCLA, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Homeland Security Act of 2002, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, comparable state statutes and any applicable amendments. The Partnership incurs expenses associated with compliance with its obligations under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, and we believe that the Partnership is in material compliance with its obligations. The Partnership maintains various permits that are necessary to operate its facilities, some of which may be material to its operations. AmeriGas Propane continually monitors its operations with respect to potential environmental issues, including changes in legal requirements. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane is investigating and remediating contamination at a number of present and former operating sites in the U.S., including sites where its predecessor entities operated MGPs. CERCLA and similar state laws impose joint and several liability on certain classes of persons considered to have contributed to the release or threatened release of a hazardous substance into the environment without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. Propane is not a hazardous substance within the meaning of CERCLA. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 AmeriGas Propane is subject to the requirements of OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of the health and safety of our workers. These laws require the Partnership, among other things, to maintain information about materials utilized, stored, transported, or sold, in accordance with OSHA s Hazard Communications Standard. Certain portions of this information must be provided to employees, federal and state and local governmental authorities, emergency responders, commercial and industrial customers and local citizens in accordance with the Environmental Protection Agency s Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act requirements. 
 
 All states in which AmeriGas Propane operates have adopted fire and life safety codes that regulate the storage, distribution, and use of propane. In some states, these laws are administered by state agencies, and in others they are administered on a municipal level. AmeriGas Propane conducts training programs to help ensure that its operations comply with applicable governmental regulations. With respect to general operations, AmeriGas Propane is subject in all jurisdictions in which it operates to rules and procedures governing the safe handling of propane, including those established by National Fire Protection Association NFPA in the Liquefied Petroleum Gas Code (NFPA 58) and National Fuel Gas Code (NFPA 54), the International Code Council s International Fuel Gas Code and International Fire Code, as well as various state and local codes. Management believes that the policies and procedures currently in effect at all of its facilities for the handling, storage, distribution and use of propane are consistent with industry standards and are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 With respect to the transportation of propane, AmeriGas Propane is subject to regulations promulgated under federal legislation, including the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations and Pipeline Hazardous Materials Regulations which fall under the enforcement and supervision of the DOT, Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Federal Railroad Administration, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the Federal Aviation Administration. AmeriGas Propane facilities and containers are equally regulated by these agencies regarding security standards as well as the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency s Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards. AmeriGas Propane s programs related to the transportation and security of hazardous materials are regularly inspected and meet all applicable standards and regulations. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 AmeriGas Propane maintains jurisdictional pipeline systems as defined by the Transportation of Natural and Other Gas by Pipeline: Minimum Federal Safety Standards as regulated by the Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and multiple State Public Utility Commissions under the authority and authorization of the Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. These pipeline safety regulations apply to, among other things, propane gas systems that supplies 10 or more residential customers or two or more commercial customers from a single source and to a propane gas system any portion of which is located in a public place. The DOT s pipeline safety regulations require operators of all gas systems to provide operator qualification standards and training and written instructions for employees and third-party contractors working on covered pipelines and facilities, establish written procedures to minimize the hazards resulting from gas pipeline emergencies, and conduct and keep records of inspections and testing. Operators are subject to the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002. Management believes that the procedures currently in effect at all of AmeriGas Propane s facilities for the handling, storage, transportation and distribution of propane are consistent with industry standards and are in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 There continues to be increased legislative and regulatory activity related to climate change and the contribution of GHG emissions, most notably carbon dioxide, to global warming. Because propane is considered a clean alternative fuel under the federal Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, the Partnership believes this provides it with a competitive advantage over other sources of energy, such as fuel oil and coal. At the same time, however, increasing regulations of GHG emissions, especially in the transportation and building sectors, could restrict the use of fossil fuels and could impose significant additional costs on AmeriGas Propane, its suppliers, its vendors and its customers. There has been an increase in state initiatives aimed at regulating GHG emissions, including the California Low Carbon Fuel Standard, the Washington Cap and Invest Program and the New York Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act. Compliance with these types of regulations may increase our operating costs if we are unable to pass on these costs to our customers. 
 
 Employees 
 
 The Partnership does not directly employ any persons responsible for managing or operating the Partnership. The General Partner provides these services and is reimbursed for its direct and indirect costs and expenses, including all compensation and benefit costs. At September 30, 2024, the General Partner had approximately 4,850 employees, including 75 part-time, seasonal and temporary employees, working on behalf of the Partnership. UGI also performs, and is reimbursed for, certain financial and administrative services on behalf of the Partnership and AmeriGas OLP. 

BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 
 The table stating the amounts of revenues, operating income and identifiable assets attributable to each of UGI s reportable business segments, and to information regarding the geographic areas in which we operate, for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 appears in Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

EMPLOYEES 
 
 At September 30, 2024, UGI and its subsidiaries had approximately 9,750 employees. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 We are committed to the attraction, development, retention and safety of our employees. The following is an overview of some of our key human capital initiatives that are designed to ensure the overall well-being of our employees and other stakeholders as well as to promote workforce diversity. 
 
 UGI publishes annual sustainability reports, which are available free of charge on its corporate website under ESG - Resources - Sustainability Reports. Information included in these sustainability reports is not intended to be incorporated into this Report. 
 
 Workplace Safety 
 
 We are committed to maintaining an effective safety culture and stressing the importance of our employees role in identifying, mitigating and reporting safety risks. We believe that the achievement of superior safety performance is both an important short- and long-term strategic initiative in managing our operations. In this regard, our policies and operational practices promote a culture where all levels of employees are responsible for safety. Safety is generally included as a component of the annual bonus calculation for executives and non-executives, reinforcing our commitment to safety across our organization. For more details as to how we integrate safety performance into our core business activities, please refer to our Health, Safety, Security and the Environment HSSE Policy, which is available on our website under Company - Company Policies - HSSE Policy. 
 
 UGI s Board of Directors oversees safety efforts primarily through its SERC Committee, which is responsible for the governance and oversight of health and safety matters at the Company, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The SERC Committee oversees the Company s practices and policies focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, the communities we serve, and the environment. Additionally, our senior management team is actively engaged in our safety programs and conducts regular reviews of safety performance metrics. These metrics are presented quarterly to the SERC Committee for review and consideration. In addition, each of our business units has a safety team that is responsible for overseeing the safety of our operations, reinforcing our values, and enhancing our safety culture within such business units. As part of our commitment to continuously improve our safety performance, UGI has implemented robust training programs that enable field employees to safely execute their job responsibilities. Our safety programs are required to comply with both OSHA and industry-specific regulations. 
 
 Diversity Strategy 
 
 Diversity as Part of Our Company Culture 
 
 We believe that, by fostering an environment that exemplifies our core value of respect, we gain, as a Company, unique perspectives, backgrounds and varying experiences to ensure our continued long-term success. Belonging, inclusion, diversity and equity are essential to our success, and we respect and value all employees. 
 
 In alignment with our efforts to promote diversity and inclusion, our Belonging, Inclusion, Diversity and Equity BIDE Initiative provides the organizational blueprint for achieving greater diversity and promoting respect for uniqueness of individuals and cultures and inclusion of the varied perspectives they provide. We believe the BIDE Initiative helps align our core values (safety, integrity, respect, sustainability, reliability, and excellence) with our leadership s actions and our employees work environment. The BIDE Initiative embodies and promotes internal policies with respect to setting expectations relating to our work environment, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Anti-Harassment/Anti-Discrimination, and Human Rights policies. As part of the BIDE Initiative, we have partnerships with numerous organizations that support underrepresented populations. 
 
 UGI also supports diverse segments of our workforce through employee resource groups. Employee resource groups are a key component of the BIDE Initiative. These groups are open to all employees and allow them to learn from a cultural perspective and support their colleagues through allyship. UGI s employee resource groups include the Black Organizational Leadership and Development BOLD ), the Women s Impact Network WIN ), and the Veteran Employee Team VET ). 
 
 BOLD is focused on inclusion, equity, education, and empowerment for black employees and their allies, and assists leadership with communication, talent recruitment, retention and development opportunities. BOLD focuses on professional development by creating mentoring opportunities, increasing exposure through networking and career development events, broadening outreach to and recruitment of talent and sponsoring activities such as lectures featuring distinguished speakers. The group aims to support and promote UGI s BIDE Initiative by providing cultural insight from employee, customer and community partner perspectives. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 WIN is an organization that aims to foster an environment for women and their allies to be recruited, retained, developed and advanced as leaders throughout UGI. Membership in WIN offers exposure to various professional development opportunities, including speaker series events, group engagement activities, virtual group discussions, and partnerships with local organizations. 
 
 VET focuses on recruiting and retaining veterans, as well as creating growth for and goodwill towards military veterans, such as the Military Leave and Benefits Policy as well as benefits programs helpful to veterans and their families. VET members include Active Duty, Reserve, and National Guard veterans of the Army, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, and Air Force, their families, and partners committed to supporting military veteran employees. 
 
 Diversity in Our Leadership 
 
 We believe that diversity in our Board of Directors is critical for effective governance. In assessing the Board of Directors composition, the Board of Directors and its Corporate Governance Committee ensure that our Board of Directors and its standing committees have the appropriate qualifications, skills, experience and characteristics, including diversity of perspectives, to support our business. In assessing director candidates, the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Committee consider a number of qualifications, including independence, knowledge, judgment, character, leadership skills, education, experience, financial literacy, standing in the community and diversity of backgrounds and views, including, but not limited to, gender, race, ethnicity and national origin. The Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Committee look to complement the Board of Directors existing strengths, recognizing that diversity is a critical element to enhancing Board effectiveness. Our Board of Directors is currently comprised of eleven directors, of which four are female and five are diverse with respect to race, ethnicity and/or national origin. 
 
 Similarly, we believe diversity of management is crucial to position our business for continued success. UGI ensures that diverse candidates are considered for all leadership positions and is committed to considering all qualified applicants in our hiring process. 
 
 Diversity in Our Workforce 
 
 UGI strives for diverse representation at all levels of our business. We annually publish our workforce demographics (which reflects our EEO-1 reporting data) in our sustainability reports. We believe that by publicly disclosing our workforce demographics, we increase transparency in the composition of our workforce as well as facilitate accountability in ensuring that diverse candidates are actively considered for roles throughout the organization. 
 
 Diversity as Part of Our Employee Development 
 
 UGI has a global partnership with the Human Library Organization (the Human Library ), a global not-for-profit learning platform that hosts personal conversations designed to challenge stigma and stereotypes and create a safe space for dialogue where topics are discussed openly between human books and their readers. The Human Library is a thought leader when it comes to diversity and inclusion in the workplace, partnering with companies that are committed to incorporating social understanding and cultural awareness as part of their business model in relation to their workforce, partnerships, clients and customers. 
 
 UGI has committed to a sponsorship role with the Human Library for the creation of a digital learning platform that will expand the reach of the Human Library s diversity experiences across the globe. UGI began working with the Human Library in Fiscal 2020 to provide diversity and inclusion education for its leadership development, supervisor training and new hire onboarding programs. Many of our employees participated in the Human Library reader sessions over the past few years. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Talent Development and Support 
 
 Maintaining a robust pipeline of talent is crucial to UGI s ongoing success and is a key aspect of succession planning efforts across the organization. Our leadership and human resources teams are responsible for attracting and retaining quality talent by supporting management in fostering an environment where employees feel supported and encouraged in their professional and personal development. Competition for attracting and retaining talent has increased in recent years. UGI understands this challenge and the importance of maintaining competitive compensation and benefits as well as providing appropriate training that enables growth, developmental opportunities and multiple career paths within our Company. We commit to investing in our employees through 24/7 available leadership and talent development initiatives and resources, as well as through tuition and certification reimbursement to promote continued professional growth. In Fiscal 2024, UGI launched two new major initiatives: (i) the Enterprise Learning and Development SharePoint Site, which consists of professional development resources including topics like The Pareto Principle, Start, Stop, Continue strategies, Generative AI and High Performing Culture, and (ii) a People Leader Portal for managers, with hands-on practical job aids, templates, videos and just-in-time learning. UGI also provides LinkedIn Learning licenses for 2,400 employees, providing world-class courses on every business topic and courses enabling a wide range of professional certifications. In addition, the enterprise learning and development team announced free monthly webinars for managers across the Company, as provided through The Institute for Management Studies, and quarterly upskilling events for both leaders and employees. Finally, digital newsletters are distributed regularly, which recommend professional and leadership development opportunities such as TED Talks, podcasts, research, and articles sharing best and next practices. 

32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There are many factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, many of which are not within our control, including the following risks relating to: (1) the demand for our products and services and our ability to grow our customer base; (2) our business operations, including internal and external factors that may impact our operational continuity; (3) our international operations; (4) our supply chain and our ability to obtain and transport adequate quantities of LPG; (5) government regulation and oversight; and (6) general factors that may impact our business and our shareholders. Investors should carefully consider, together with the other information contained in this Report, the risks and uncertainties described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. No priority or significance is intended by, nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear. 
 
 Risks Relating to the Demand for Our Products and Services and Our Ability to Grow Our Customer Base 
 
 Our business is seasonal and decreases in the demand for our energy products and services because of warmer-than-normal heating season weather or unfavorable weather conditions may adversely affect our results of operations. Because many of our customers rely on our energy products and services to heat their homes and businesses, our results of operations are adversely affected by warmer-than-normal heating season weather. Weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for our energy products and services for both heating and agricultural purposes. Accordingly, the volume of our energy products sold is at its highest during the peak heating season of October through March and is directly affected by the severity of the winter weather. For example, historically, approximately 60 of PA Gas Utility s natural gas throughput (the total volume of gas sold to or transported for customers within our distribution system), 60 of Energy Services retail natural gas volume, 60 of UGI International s annual retail LPG volume and 65 of AmeriGas Propane s annual retail propane volume has typically been sold during these months. There can be no assurance that normal winter weather in our market areas will occur in the future. 
 
 In addition, our agricultural customers use LPG for purposes other than heating, including for crop drying, and unfavorable weather conditions, such as lack of precipitation, may impact the demand for LPG. Moreover, harsh weather conditions may at times impede the transportation and delivery of LPG or restrict our ability to obtain LPG from suppliers. Spikes in demand caused by weather or other factors can stress the supply chain and limit our ability to obtain additional quantities of LPG. Changes in LPG supply costs are normally passed through to customers, but time lags (between when we purchase the LPG and when the customer purchases the LPG) may result in significant gross margin fluctuations that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The potential effects of climate change may affect our business, operations, supply chain and customers, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Shifts and fluctuations in weather patterns and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for our energy products and services. In addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, fires and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and supply chain, and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. These or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or supply costs. Our commercial and residential customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply, which may adversely impact their ability to pay for our products and services or decrease demand for our products and services. The impact of any one or all of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition to the direct physical impact that climate change may have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we may also be adversely impacted by other environmental factors, including: (i) technological advances designed to promote energy efficiency and limit environmental impact; (ii) increased competition from alternative energy sources; (iii) regulatory responses aimed at decreasing GHG emissions; and (iv) litigation or regulatory actions that address the environmental impact of our energy products and services. For more information on these risks, please refer to the following risk factors included elsewhere in this section: 
 
 Energy efficiency and technology advances, as well as price induced customer conservation, may result in reduced demand for our energy products and services 
 Our operations may be adversely affected by competition from other energy sources 
 Our need to comply with, and respond to, industry-wide changes resulting from, comprehensive, complex, and sometimes unpredictable governmental regulations, including regulatory initiatives aimed at increasing competition 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 within our industry, may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results 
 Our operations, financial results and cash flows may be adversely affected by existing and future global climate change laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emission restrictions, as well as market responses thereto and 
 We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance . 
 
 Our potential to increase revenues may be affected by the decline in retail volumes of LPG and our ability to retain and grow our customer base. The retail LPG distribution industry in the U.S. and many of the European countries in which we operate is mature and has experienced either no or modest growth (or decline) the past few years, and we do not expect significant changes to total demand in the near future. Accordingly, we expect that year-to-year industry volumes will be principally affected by weather patterns. Our ability to grow within the LPG industry is partly dependent on the success of our sales and marketing programs designed to attract and retain customers. Any failure to retain and grow our customer base would have an adverse impact on our results. 
 
 Our ability to successfully execute on strategic initiatives and achieve our long-term goals may be adversely affected if we are not successful in identifying and completing strategic transactions and investments, or if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from such strategic transactions and investments . As part of our business strategy, we have pursued, and may continue to pursue, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, divestitures, dispositions, and other strategic transactions and relationships with third parties. We have grown the Company through investments in the U.S. and in international markets, and have expanded our presence in the renewable energy industry. We may choose to finance any future investments with debt, equity, cash or a combination of the three. We can give no assurances that we will find attractive investment opportunities in the future (including renewable energy opportunities), that we will be able to complete and finance these transactions on economically acceptable terms, that any investments and related transactions will not be dilutive to earnings or that any additional debt incurred to finance such investment will not affect our ability to pay dividends. Moreover, certain investments and acquisitions in the U.S. and Europe may require merger control filings with the Federal Trade Commission and the European Commission, as applicable, and commitments (such as agreements not to compete for certain businesses) or divestments of assets may be required to obtain clearance. Such commitments or divestments may adversely influence the overall economics and risk profile of the contemplated transaction. 
 
 To the extent we are successful in executing these transactions, such transactions involve a number of risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the assumption of material liabilities, including environmental liabilities, the diversion of management s attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of acquired operations, difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees and difficulties in the assimilation of different cultures and practices and internal controls, challenges with consolidating the operations of acquired companies into our own, as well as in the assimilation of broad and geographically dispersed personnel and operations. We also may experience integration difficulties, including in implementing new systems and processes and with integrating systems and processes of companies with complex operations, which can result in inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and may increase the risk that our internal controls are found to be ineffective. Future investments could also result in, among other things, the failure to identify material issues during due diligence, the risk of overpaying for assets, unanticipated capital expenditures, the failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges and fluctuations in quarterly results. There can also be no assurance that our past and future investments, including our recent investments in renewable energy, will deliver the strategic, financial, operational and environmental benefits that we anticipate, nor can we be certain that strategic investments will remain available in the future. 
 
 Similarly, any divestitures or dispositions of assets have inherent risks, including the inability to find potential buyers upon favorable terms, expenses associated with a divestiture, the possibility that any anticipated sale will be delayed or will not occur, the potential impact on our cash flows and results of operations, the potential delay or failure to realize the perceived strategic or financial benefits of the divestment or disposition, difficulties in the separation of operations, services, information technology, products and personnel, potential loss of customers or employees, exposure to unanticipated liabilities, unexpected costs associated with such separation, diversion of management s attention from other business concerns and potential post-closing claims for alleged breaches of related agreements, indemnification or other disputes. Further, any cost saving measures, restructurings and divestitures may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our facilities. As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that these actions will be as successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect or that we do not forego future business opportunities as a result of these actions. 
 
 The failure to successfully identify, complete, implement and manage business combinations, acquisitions, divestitures and investments intended to advance our business strategy could have an adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Further, our long-term goal to grow our earnings per share is driven by disciplined investments and is impacted by, among other things, our ability to increase investments in our regulated utilities businesses and generate significant fee-based income in our Midstream and Marketing operations. Other factors, assumptions and beliefs of management and our Board regarding external factors, including the global economy and regulatory developments, on which our long-term goals were based may also prove to differ materially from actual future results. Accordingly, we may not achieve our stated long-term goals, or our stated long-term goals may be negatively revised, as a result of less than expected progress toward achieving these goals. 
 
 Energy efficiency and technology advances, as well as price induced customer conservation, may result in reduced demand for our energy products and services. The trend toward increased energy efficiency and technological advances, including installation of improved insulation and the development of more efficient boilers and increased consumer preference for alternative heating equipment installations, such as electric heat pumps, alongside concerted conservation measures, which have been exacerbated particularly in Europe by the evolving energy crisis, may reduce the demand for our energy products. Prices for LPG and natural gas are subject to volatile fluctuations as a result of changes in supply and demand as well as other market conditions and external factors. During periods of high energy commodity costs, our prices generally increase, which may lead to customer conservation and attrition. A reduction in demand could lower our revenues and, therefore, lower our net income and adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, federal, European and/or local regulators may offer energy conservation incentives or otherwise enact laws and regulations that may require mandatory conservation measures, which would reduce the demand for our energy products. In Europe, measures are underway to decarbonize the electric generation grid, as well as residential and commercial heating, in order to achieve EU climate change objectives, including a net zero goal by 2050. For example, in 2018 the EU revised the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (the EPBD with the goal to create a clear path towards a low and zero-emission and decarbonized building stock in the EU by 2050. Updates to the EPBD continue to make their way through EU legislative approvals, which will establish stronger targets for management of new and existing building construction and integral heating systems that focus on low or zero carbon outcomes. For example, certain EU countries have adopted legislation mandating the replacement of existing fossil-fuel based heating systems with lower carbon solutions and requiring newly installed heating systems to operate with renewable energy sources. Over time, these various measures will impact fossil fuel consumption in Europe and the demand for our energy products. We cannot predict the materiality of the effect of future conservation measures or the effect that any technological advances in heating, conservation, energy generation or other devices might have on our operations. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely affected by competition from other energy sources. Our energy products and services face competition from other energy sources, some of which are less costly for equivalent energy value. In addition, we cannot predict the effect that the development of alternative energy sources might have on our operations. 
 
 Our LPG distribution businesses compete for customers against suppliers of electricity, fuel oil and natural gas. Electricity is a major competitor of LPG but is generally more expensive than LPG on a Btu equivalent basis for space heating, water heating and cooking. However, in Europe and elsewhere, climate change policies favoring electricity from renewable energy sources or the use of electric-powered equipment, such as heat pumps in heating applications, may cause changes in current relative price relationships. Moreover, notwithstanding cost or regulatory mandates or incentives, the convenience and efficiency of electricity make it an attractive energy source for consumers and developers of new homes. Fuel oil, which is a major competitor to propane, is a less environmentally attractive energy source. Furnaces and appliances that burn LPG must be upgraded to run on fuel oil and vice versa, and, therefore, a conversion from one fuel to the other requires the installation of new equipment. Our customers generally have an incentive to switch to fuel oil only if fuel oil becomes significantly less expensive than LPG, and in multiple countries, the risk of conversion to fuel oil is diminishing due to regulations that prevent or disfavor the installation and/or use of fuel oil boilers or fuel oil for heating applications. The gradual expansion of natural gas distribution systems in our service areas may continue to result in the availability of natural gas in some areas that previously depended upon LPG resulting in lower demand for LPG. 
 
 Our natural gas businesses in the U.S. compete primarily with electricity and fuel oil, and, to a lesser extent, with LPG and coal. Competition among these fuels is primarily a function of their comparative price and the relative cost and efficiency of fuel utilization equipment. There can be no assurance that our natural gas revenues will not be adversely affected by this competition. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The expansion, construction and development of our energy infrastructure assets subjects us to risks. We seek to grow our business through the expansion, construction and development of our energy infrastructure, including new pipelines, gathering systems, facilities and other assets. These projects are subject to state and federal regulatory oversight and require certain property rights, such as easements and rights-of-way from public and private owners, as well as regulatory approvals, including environmental and other permits and licenses. There is no assurance that we or our project partners, as applicable, will be able to obtain the necessary property rights, permits and licenses in a timely and cost-efficient manner, or at all, which may result in a delay or failure to complete a project. We may face opposition to the expansion, construction or development of new or existing pipelines, gathering systems, facilities or other assets from environmental groups, landowners, local groups and other advocates. This opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt, or delay the development or operation of our assets and business. Failure to complete any pending or future infrastructure project may have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Even if we are able to successfully complete any pending or future infrastructure project, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project or as anticipated during the lifespan of the project. As a result, there is the risk that new and expanded energy infrastructure may not achieve our expected investment returns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business Operations, Including Internal and External Factors that May Impact Our Operational Continuity 
 
 Our information technology systems and those of our third-party vendors have been the target of cybersecurity attacks in the past. If we are unable to protect our information technology systems against future service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security resulting from cybersecurity attacks or other events, or if we encounter other unforeseen difficulties in the design, implementation or operation of our information technology systems, or if our third-party vendors or service providers experience compromises to their information technology systems, our operations could be disrupted, our business and reputation may suffer, and our internal controls could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of business, we rely on information technology systems, including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including (i) intellectual property, (ii) our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers and business partners, (iii) personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. In addition, we rely on our information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents have recently increased in both frequency and magnitude and have involved malicious software and attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and systems, including ransomware attacks where a target s access to its information systems is blocked until a ransom has been paid. The White House and various regulators, including the SEC, have accordingly increased their focus on companies cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Despite our security measures, our technologies, systems, and networks have been and may continue to be the target of cybersecurity attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or other disruption of our business operations. Due to increasingly sophisticated threat actors, we may be unable to detect, identify or prevent attacks, and even if detected, we may be unable to adequately stop, investigate or remediate our systems given the tools and techniques being used by threat actors to circumvent controls and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Attacks and incidents may also occur due to malfeasance by employees or contractors, as well as human error as in the case of social engineering and phishing campaigns. A number of our employees currently work remotely full-time or on a hybrid basis; as a result, our cybersecurity program may be less effective and information technology security may be less robust for those employees. Similarly, our third-party vendors or service providers have been impacted by cybersecurity attacks and incidents and are subject to many, if not all, of the same risks and disruptions as described above. A loss of our information technology systems, or temporary interruptions in the operation of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors or service providers, or any other misappropriation of data, or breaches of security could lead to investigations and fines or penalties, litigation, increased costs for compliance and for remediation or rebuilding of our systems, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. In addition, an attack could provide an intruder with the ability to control or alter our pipeline operations. Such an act could result in critical pipeline failures. 
 
 The efficient execution of our businesses is dependent upon the proper design, implementation and functioning of its current and future internal systems, such as the information technology systems that support our underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of our operations. In addition, the effectiveness of our internal controls could be adversely affected if we encounter unforeseen problems with respect to the operation of our information technology systems. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, as cybersecurity incidents increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations, including the agreement to certain indemnification provisions by our insurance providers. 
 
 Our utility transmission and distribution systems, our non-utility midstream assets, and the assets of upstream interstate pipelines and other midstream providers may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses or decrease our revenues and, thus, have an adverse impact on our financial results. Our ability to manage operational risk with respect to utility distribution and transmission and non-utility midstream assets, and the availability of natural gas delivered by interstate natural gas pipelines and midstream gathering assets is critical to our financial results. We obtain our supply from local Marcellus and Utica Shale sources, as well as other trading points in the U.S. If we experience physical capacity constraints on one or more of the interstate or intrastate natural gas pipelines that supply our businesses, we may not be able to supply our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Our businesses also face several risks, including the breakdown or failure of, or damage to, equipment or processes (especially due to severe weather or natural disasters), accidents and other factors, including as a result of overpressurization of or damage to natural gas pipelines. Operation of our transmission and distribution systems or our midstream assets below our expectations may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs, civil litigation and the risk of regulatory penalties. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our International Operations 
 
 Our international operations could be subject to increased risks, which may negatively affect our business results. We operate LPG distribution businesses in Europe through our subsidiaries. As a result, we face risks in conducting business abroad that we do not face domestically. Certain aspects inherent in transacting business internationally could negatively impact our operating results, including: 
 
 costs and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 
 disagreements and disputes with our employees represented by a works council or union; 
 strikes and work stoppages by the employees of the Company or our suppliers and vendors; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the euro, which can affect demand for our products, increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability and reported results; 
 new or revised regulatory requirements, including European competition and carbon emission reduction laws, that may adversely affect the terms of contracts with customers, including with respect to exclusive supply rights and usage restrictions, and stricter regulations applicable to the storage and handling of LPG; 
 new and inconsistently enforced industry regulatory requirements, which can have an adverse effect on our competitive position; 
 tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 difficulties in enforcing contractual rights; 
 local political and economic conditions as well as geopolitical conditions that could cause instability and adversely impact the global economy or specific markets, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine and conflict in the Middle East; and 
 potential violations of federal regulatory requirements, including anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering law, economic sanctions, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and EU regulatory requirements, including the GDPR and Sapin II. 
 
 In particular, certain legal and regulatory risks are associated with international business operations. We are subject to various anti-corruption, economic sanctions and trade compliance laws, rules and regulations. For example, the U.S. government imposes restrictions and prohibitions on transactions in certain foreign countries, including restrictions directed at oil and gas activities in Russia. U.S. laws also prohibit the improper offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment of money or anything of value to any foreign official or political party, or to any person, knowing that all or a portion of it will be used to influence a foreign official in his or her official duties or to secure an improper advantage. Ensuring compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations is a complex task. Violation of one or more of these laws, rules or regulations could lead to loss of import or export privileges, civil or criminal penalties for us or our employees, or potential reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on earnings, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The European energy crisis may create LPG commodity supply challenges and could negatively impact our business results. The geopolitical situation in Europe during 2022 led to a sharp decrease in natural gas imports from Russia to Europe. This decrease resulted in a significant increase in natural gas prices in Europe. Although the natural gas prices have declined from the unprecedented highs of 2022, in response to the significant price increases experienced, refineries still see an incentive to, and are substituting a portion of their natural gas refinery fuels with, LPG leading to a decrease in the availability of inland LPG as well as higher LPG costs. In addition, gas processing plants supplying the United Kingdom and Norway markets are injecting LPG into the natural gas grid, decreasing the overall supply of LPG from the gas processing plants. In this context, LPG supply patterns are substantially changing with increased reliance on sea-imports and land logistics. 
 
 We anticipate that the European energy crisis and the corresponding response by refineries and gas processing plants will continue in Fiscal 2025, leading to continued commodity supply challenges in some markets, higher commodity costs that may not be able to be absorbed by our customers, particularly in the Nordic countries and our Eastern European markets, and lower consumption by our customers, among other impacts, which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings, cash flows and overall financial condition. 
 
 Economic and geopolitical instability, including as a result of acts of war, have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. In late February 2022, Russian military forces launched significant military action against Ukraine, which has continued through the date of this Report. We do not have operations in Russia or Ukraine. Nevertheless, the outbreak of war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions by U.S. and European governments, together with any additional future sanctions by them, could have a larger impact that expands into other geographies where we do business, including our supply chain, business partners and customers in those markets, which could result in lost sales, supply shortages, commodity price fluctuations, increased costs, transportation logistics challenges, customer credit and liquidity issues, and lost efficiencies. The acceleration of a global energy crisis, including as a result of restrictions on Russia s energy exports, could similarly impact the geographies where we do business. In addition, the U.S. and Europe have commenced certain trade actions as a result of the war between Russia and Ukraine. While significant uncertainty exists with respect to this matter, the war between Russia and Ukraine and its broader impacts, including any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade imposed by the U.S. or Europe, or further trade measures taken by Russia or other countries in response, could have a material impact on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Supply Chain and Our Ability to Obtain Adequate Quantities of LPG 
 
 We are dependent on our principal LPG suppliers, which increases the risks from an interruption in supply and transportation. During Fiscal 2024, AmeriGas Propane purchased approximately 87 of its propane needs from 20 suppliers. If supplies from these sources were interrupted, the cost of procuring replacement supplies and transporting those supplies from alternative locations might be materially higher and, at least on a short-term basis, our earnings could be affected. Additionally, in certain geographic areas, a single supplier provides more than 50 of AmeriGas Propane s propane requirements. Disruptions in supply in these geographic areas could also have an adverse impact on our earnings. Our international businesses are similarly dependent upon their LPG suppliers, with our businesses in Austria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France and Poland purchasing more than 50 of their LPG needs from a single supplier. If supplies from UGI International s principal LPG sources are interrupted, the cost of procuring replacement supplies and transporting those supplies from alternative locations might be materially higher and our earnings could be adversely affected. There is no assurance that our international businesses will be able to continue to acquire sufficient supplies of LPG to meet demand at prices or within time periods that would allow them to remain competitive. 
 
 Our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of LPG is dependent on transportation facilities and providers. Spikes in demand caused by weather or other factors can limit our access to port terminals and other transportation and storage facilities, disrupt transportation and limit our ability to obtain sufficient quantities of LPG. A significant increase in port and similar fees and fuel prices may also adversely affect our transportation costs and business. Transportation providers (rail and truck) in some circumstances have limited ability to provide additional resources in times of peak demand. Moreover, the ability of our transportation providers to maintain a staff of qualified truck drivers is critical to the success of our business. Regulatory requirements and an improvement in the economy could reduce the number of eligible drivers or require us to pay higher transportation fees as our transportation providers seek to pass on additional labor costs associated with attracting and retaining drivers. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our profitability is subject to LPG pricing and inventory risk. The retail LPG business is a margin-based business in which gross profits are dependent upon the excess of the sales price over LPG supply costs. LPG is a commodity, and, as such, its unit price is subject to fluctuations in response to changes in supply or other market conditions. We have no control over supplies, commodity prices or market conditions. Consequently, the unit price of the LPG that our subsidiaries and other distributors and marketers purchase can change rapidly over a short period of time. Most of our domestic LPG product supply contracts permit suppliers to charge posted prices at the time of delivery or negotiated prices based on the current industry index prices established at major U.S. storage points such as Mont Belvieu, Texas or Conway, Kansas. Most of our international LPG supply contracts are based on internationally quoted market prices. We also purchase a portion of our supplies in the spot market. Because our subsidiaries profitability is sensitive to changes in wholesale LPG supply costs, we will be adversely affected if we cannot pass on increases in the cost of LPG to our customers, or if there is a delay in passing on such cost increases. Due to competitive pricing in the industry, our subsidiaries may not fully be able to pass on product cost increases to our customers when product costs rise, or when our competitors do not raise their product prices in a timely manner. Finally, market volatility may cause our subsidiaries to sell LPG at less than the price at which they purchased it, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We offer our customers various fixed-price LPG programs, and a significant number of our customers utilize our fixed-price programs. In order to manage the price risk from offering these services, we utilize our physical inventory position, supplemented by forward commodity transactions with various third parties having terms and volumes substantially the same as our customers contracts, but there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective. In periods of high LPG price volatility, the fixed-price programs create exposure to over or under-supply positions as the demand from customers may significantly exceed or fall short of supply procured. In addition, if LPG prices decline significantly subsequent to customers signing up for a fixed-price program, there is a risk that customers will default on their commitments, adversely affecting our results of operations. 
 
 Changes in commodity market prices may have a significant negative effect on our liquidity. Depending on the terms of our contracts with suppliers as well as our use of financial instruments to reduce volatility in the cost of LPG and natural gas, changes in the market price of LPG and natural gas can create margin payment obligations for us and expose us to increased liquidity risk. In addition, increased demand for domestically produced LPG and natural gas overseas may, depending on production volumes in the U.S., result in higher domestic prices and expose us to additional liquidity risks. 
 
 Supplier and derivative counterparty defaults may have a negative effect on our operating results. When we enter into fixed-price sales contracts with customers, we typically enter into fixed-price purchase contracts with suppliers. Depending on changes in the market prices of products compared to the prices secured in our contracts with suppliers of LPG, natural gas and electricity, a default of or force majeure by one or more of our suppliers under such contracts could cause us to purchase those commodities at higher prices from alternate suppliers, which would have a negative impact on our operating results. 
 
 Additionally, we economically hedge the market risk associated with a substantial portion of our supply purchases using certain derivative instruments. Such changes in market prices of the aforementioned commodities could result in material exposures or significant concentrations of balances with derivative counterparties. If certain counterparties were unable to meet the obligations set forth in these derivative contracts and we were unable to fully mitigate this exposure via collateral deposit requirements and master netting arrangements, such outcomes could result in a negative effect on our operating results. 
 
 Our business is dependent on the domestic and global supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials and other resources are available to both expand and maintain services in a safe and reliable manner. Moreover, prices of equipment, materials and other resources have increased recently and may continue to increase in the future. Failure to secure equipment, materials and other resources on economically acceptable terms may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Current domestic and global supply chain issues are delaying the delivery, and in some cases resulting in shortages of, materials, equipment and other resources that are critical to our business operations. Failure to eliminate or manage the constraints in the supply chain may impact the availability of items that are necessary to support normal operations as well as materials that are required for continued infrastructure growth, including the replacement of end-of-life assets. 
 
 Moreover, inflation has been and continues to be an area of increasing economic concern, both domestically and internationally. Changes in the costs of providing our energy products and services, including price increases in equipment and materials as well as increases in labor and distribution costs, have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our financial condition and results of operations and/or result in corresponding price increases for the energy products and services we offer our customers. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Government Regulation and Oversight 
 
 Regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged, which may adversely affect our results of operations. In our Utilities segment, our distribution operations are subject to regulation by the PAPUC, WVPSC and MDPSC, depending on the state in which the operations are located. These regulatory bodies, among other things, approve the rates that Utilities may charge utility customers, thus impacting the returns that Utilities may earn on the assets that are dedicated to its operations. Utilities periodically files, and we expect to continue to periodically file, requests with these regulatory bodies to increase base rates charged to customers in the respective states in which Utilities operates. If Utilities is required in a rate proceeding to reduce the rates it charges its utility customers, or is unable to obtain approval for timely rate increases from the appropriate regulatory body, particularly when necessary to cover increased costs, Utilities revenue growth will be limited and earnings may decrease. 
 
 The enactment of proposed or future tax legislation may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We continue to assess the impact of various U.S. federal, state, local and international legislative proposals that could result in a material increase to our U.S. federal, state, local and/or international taxes. We cannot predict what impact, if any, changes in federal policy, including tax policies, will have on our industry or whether any specific legislation will be enacted or the terms of any such legislation. However, if such proposals were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing regulations, the consequences could have a material adverse impact on us, including increasing our tax burden, increasing our cost of tax compliance or otherwise adversely affecting our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Changes in applicable U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability. Such impact may also be affected positively or negatively by subsequent potential judicial interpretation or related regulation or legislation which cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 Our need to comply with, and respond to, industry-wide changes resulting from, comprehensive, complex, and sometimes unpredictable governmental regulations, including regulatory initiatives aimed at increasing competition within our industry, may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results. While we generally refer to our Utilities segment as our regulated segment, there are many governmental regulations that have an impact on all of our businesses. Currently, we are subject to extensive and changing international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations including, but not limited to, safety, health, transportation, tax, and environmental laws and regulations that govern the marketing, storage, distribution, and transportation of our energy products. Moreover, existing statutes and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us that may affect our businesses in ways that we cannot predict. 
 
 New regulations, or a change in the interpretation of existing regulations, could result in increased expenditures. In addition, for many of our operations, we are required to obtain permits from regulatory authorities and, in some cases, such regulatory permits could subject our operations to additional regulations and standards of conduct. Failure to obtain or comply with these permits or applicable regulations and standards of conduct could result in civil and criminal fines or the cessation of the operations in violation. Governmental regulations and policies in the U.S. and Europe may provide for subsidies or incentives to customers who use alternative fuels instead of carbon fuels. The EU has committed to cut CO 2 emissions and EU member states are proposing and implementing a range of subsidies and incentives to achieve the EU s climate change goals. These subsidies and incentives may result in reduced demand for our energy products and services. 
 
 We are investigating and remediating contamination at a number of present and former operating sites in the U.S., including former sites where we or our former subsidiaries operated MGPs. We have also received claims from third parties that allege that we are responsible for costs to clean up properties where we or our former subsidiaries operated a MGP or conducted other operations. Most of the costs we incur to remediate sites outside of Pennsylvania cannot currently be recovered in PAPUC rate proceedings, and insurance may not cover all or even part of these costs. Our actual costs to clean up these sites may exceed our current estimates due to factors beyond our control, such as: 
 
 the discovery of presently unknown conditions; 
 changes in environmental laws and regulations; 
 judicial rejection of our legal defenses to third-party claims; or 
 the insolvency of other responsible parties at the sites at which we are involved. 
 
 Moreover, if we discover additional contaminated sites, we could be required to incur material costs, which would reduce our net income. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We also may be unable to timely respond to changes within the energy and utility sectors that may result from regulatory initiatives to further increase competition within our industry. Such regulatory initiatives may create opportunities for additional competitors to grow their business or enter our markets and, as a result, we may be unable to maintain our revenues or continue to pursue our current business strategy. 
 
 Our operations, financial results and cash flows may be adversely affected by existing and future global climate change laws and regulations, including with respect to GHG emission restrictions, as well as market responses thereto. Climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention in the U.S. and in foreign countries. As a result, numerous proposals have been made, and could continue to be made, at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor and limit GHG emissions and climate impact. These efforts have included consideration of, among other things, cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. 
 
 Increased regulation of GHG emissions, or climate impact generally, could have significant additional adverse impacts on us as well as our suppliers, vendors, and customers. The adoption and implementation of any laws or regulations imposing obligations on, or limiting GHG emissions from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur significant costs to reduce GHG emissions associated with our operations or could adversely affect demand for our energy products. The potential increase in our operating costs could include, but are not limited to, new costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our GHG emissions, pay taxes related to our GHG emissions, administer and manage a GHG emissions reduction program, and adversely impact the value of certain assets. We may not be able to pass on resulting increases in costs to customers. In addition, changes in regulatory policies that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products and carbon-emitting fuel sources that are deemed to contribute to climate change, or restrict the use of such products or fuel sources, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage and could cause increases in costs or production disruptions. These developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial results, valuation and useful life of assets, and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business and financial results. As part of our operations, we collect, use, store and transfer the personal information and data of our employees as well as customer, vendor and supplier data in and across various jurisdictions. There has been increased public attention regarding the use of personal information and data transfers, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. The laws in these areas continue to develop and the changing nature of data protection, information security and privacy laws in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere could impact our processing of the personal information and data of our employees, vendors, suppliers and customers, which could lead to increased operating costs. Existing and emerging laws and regulations are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving, differing, and sometimes conflicting interpretations. The EU adopted the GDPR, which expanded EU data protections, in certain circumstances, to companies outside of the EU processing data of EU residents, regardless of whether the processing occurs in the EU. Similarly, the State of California legislature passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which, among other things, grant a number of rights to California residents with respect to their personal information, and require companies to make extensive disclosures to consumers about such companies data collection, use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights. In addition, the CPRA created a new state privacy regulator, which will likely result in greater regulatory activity and enforcement in the privacy area. Comprehensive privacy laws with some similarities to the CCPA and CPRA have been proposed or passed at the U.S. federal and state levels, such as the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the VCDPA and the Colorado Privacy Act (the CPA ). Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data as well as requiring disclosures about these practices. We expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning data privacy and data protection, including artificial intelligence, in the U.S., the EU and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact such laws, regulations, interpretations and standards may have on our business. 
 
 While we have invested significant time and resources in our GDPR and U.S. privacy law compliance program, emerging and changing data privacy and data protection requirements as well as other new and upcoming European and U.S. federal and state privacy and cybersecurity laws and industry standards may cause us to incur substantial fines, additional significant costs or require us to change our business practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or individuals, including class actions. Moreover, any inquiries or investigations, any other government actions or any actions by individuals may be costly to comply with, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines, demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), related regulations, and the rules adopted thereunder and other regulations, including the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (the EMIR ), may have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to hedge risks associated with our business. Our derivative hedging activities are subject to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, which regulates the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the CFTC and the federal banking regulators to implement the Dodd-Frank Act s provisions through rulemaking, including rules regarding mandatory clearing, trade execution and margin requirements. We have and expect to continue to qualify for and rely upon an exception from mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements for swaps entered into by commercial end-users to hedge commercial risks. In addition to relief from the clearing mandate, we also expect to continue to qualify for an exception for non-financial end-users from the margin requirements on uncleared swaps. If we are not able to do so and have to post margin supporting our uncleared swaps in the future, our costs of entering into and maintaining swaps would be increased. 
 
 Based on information available as of the date of this Report, the effect of such requirements will be likely to (directly or indirectly) increase our overall costs of entering into derivatives transactions. In particular, new margin requirements, position limits and significantly higher capital charges resulting from new global capital regulations, even if not directly applicable to us, may cause an increase in the pricing of derivatives transactions entered into by market participants to whom such requirements apply or affect our overall ability to enter into derivatives transactions with certain counterparties. While costs imposed directly on us due to regulatory requirements for derivatives under the Dodd-Frank Act, such as reporting, recordkeeping and electing the end-user exception from mandatory clearing, are relatively minor, costs imposed upon our counterparties may increase the cost of our doing business in the derivatives markets to the extent such costs are passed on to us. 
 
 The EMIR may result in increased costs for over-the-counter derivative counterparties trading in the EU and may also lead to an increase in the costs of, and demand for, the liquid collateral that the EMIR requires central counterparties to accept. Although we expect to continue to qualify as a non-financial counterparty under the EMIR, and thus not be required to post margin, we are currently subject to limited derivatives reporting requirements that could expand in the future, and may also be subject to increased regulatory requirements, including recordkeeping, marking to market, timely confirmations, portfolio reconciliation and dispute resolution procedures. Provisions under the EMIR could significantly increase the cost of derivatives contracts, materially alter the terms of derivatives contracts and reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter. The increased trading costs and collateral costs may have an adverse impact on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 General Risks that May Impact Our Business and Our Shareholders 
 
 The inability to attract, develop, retain and engage key employees could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategic, operational and financial plans. We are dependent upon the continued service and contributions of our management and key technical and professional employees, as well as our ability to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our employees retire or we otherwise experience employee turnover. In addition, the success of our operations depends on our ability to identify, attract and develop skilled and experienced key employees. There is increased competition for experienced management and technical and professional employees, which could increase the costs associated with identifying, attracting and retaining such individuals. We may not be able to attract, retain or engage key employees if our compensation and benefits program is not as robust as the compensation and benefits programs offered by other employers for similar roles. Further, a lack of employee engagement could lead to loss of productivity and increased employee burnout, turnover, absenteeism, safety incidents as well as decreased customer satisfaction. Additionally, uncertainty as a result of our ongoing review of strategic alternatives could negatively impact our ability to recruit and retain key employees. If we cannot identify, attract, develop, retain and engage management, technical and professional employees, along with other qualified employees, to support the various functions of our business, our operations and financial performance could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We may not be able to collect on the accounts of our customers. We depend on the viability of our customers for collections of accounts receivable and notes receivable. Moreover, our businesses serve numerous retail customers, and as we grow our businesses organically, our retail customer base is expected to expand in certain geographies. There can be no assurance that our customers will not experience financial difficulties in the future or that we will be able to collect all of our outstanding accounts receivable or notes receivable. Any such nonpayment by our customers could adversely affect our business. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be covered by insurance. Our business operations are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to the handling, storage and distribution of combustible products, such as LPG and natural gas, and the generation of electricity. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, and severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment arising from explosions and other catastrophic events, including acts of terrorism. As a result of these and other incidents, we are sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including regulatory investigations, claims, lawsuits and other proceedings. Additionally, environmental contamination or other incidents resulting in an environmental impact have resulted in, and could continue to result in, legal or regulatory proceedings (see Our need to comply with, and respond to, industry-wide changes resulting from, comprehensive, complex, and sometimes unpredictable governmental regulations, including regulatory initiatives aimed at increasing competition within our industry, may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may adversely affect our operating results for more information on such proceedings). There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future claims or that such levels of insurance would be available in the future at economical prices. Moreover, defense and settlement costs may be substantial, even with respect to claims and investigations that have no merit. If we cannot resolve these matters favorably, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The risk of natural disasters, pandemics and catastrophic events, including acts of war and terrorism, may adversely affect the economy and the price and availability of LPG, other refined fuels and natural gas. Natural disasters, pandemics and catastrophic events, such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, war (including conflict in the Middle East), political unrest and other similar occurrences, may adversely impact the demand for, price and availability of LPG (including propane), other refined fuels and natural gas, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, our ability to raise capital and our future growth. The impact that the foregoing may have on our industries in general, and on us in particular, is not known at this time. A natural disaster, pandemic or an act of war or terrorism could result in disruptions of crude oil or natural gas supplies and markets (the sources of LPG), cause price volatility in the cost of LPG, fuel oil and natural gas, and our infrastructure facilities could be directly or indirectly impacted. Additionally, if our means of supply transportation, such as rail, truck or pipeline, are delayed or temporarily unavailable due to a natural disaster, pandemic, war or terrorist activity, we may be unable to transport LPG and other refined fuels in a timely manner or at all. A lower level of economic activity could result in a decline in energy consumption, which could adversely affect our revenues or restrict our future growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of a natural disaster, pandemic, war or terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital. We have opted to purchase insurance coverage for natural disasters and terrorist acts within our property and casualty insurance programs, but we can give no assurance that our insurance coverage would be adequate to fully compensate us for any losses to our business or property resulting from natural disasters or terrorist acts. 
 
 Our indebtedness may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Our debt agreements also contain covenants that restrict our operational flexibility. As of September 30, 2024, we had total indebtedness of approximately 7 billion. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and operational flexibility by, among other things: 
 
 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes 
 limiting operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies; 
 impairing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions; 
 impairing our ability to repay our indebtedness at maturity, especially where our debt agreements contain significant maturities; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates where our debt agreements have variable interest rates; and 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt and fewer guarantee obligations. 
 
 The occurrence of any of such events could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any future debt financing could be negatively impacted. Additionally, our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which is subject to economic and political conditions, seasonal cycles and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, we may be required to, among other things, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures or sell selected assets. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, and any such refinancing, restructuring or sale of assets might not be available on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, our debt agreements generally contain customary affirmative covenants, including, among others, covenants pertaining to the delivery of financial statements; certain financial covenants; notices of default and certain other material events; payment of obligations; preservation of corporate existence, rights, privileges, permits, licenses, franchises and intellectual property; maintenance of property and insurance and compliance with laws, as well as customary negative covenants, including, among others, limitations on the incurrence of liens, investments and indebtedness; mergers, acquisitions and certain other fundamental changes; transfers, leases or dispositions of assets outside the ordinary course of business restricted payments; changes in our line of business transactions with affiliates and burdensome agreements. These covenants could affect our ability to operate our business, respond to changes in business and economic conditions, obtain additional financing (if needed), and may increase the amount of interest expense we ultimately pay pursuant to the debt agreements. Further, our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our debt agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions or regulatory changes. A failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could result in a default or an event of default. Upon an event of default, unless waived, the lenders could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, require cash collateralization of letters of credit, cause their loans to become due and payable in full, foreclose against any assets securing the debt under our debt agreements and force us and our subsidiaries into bankruptcy or liquidation. If the payment of our debt is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds available to pay down the indebtedness (together with accrued interest and fees), or that we will have the ability to refinance the accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all. This could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or conflict with covenant restrictions then in effect. As a result, there is no guarantee that financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. See the liquidity section in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information on our current debt agreements. 
 
 An impairment of our assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations . We test goodwill, intangible, and other long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. To the extent the value of goodwill or long-lived assets becomes impaired, the Company may be required to incur impairment charges that could have a material impact on our results of operations. The testing of assets for impairment requires us to make significant estimates about our future events, including our performance and projected cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including developments in the global economic environment, including the prospect of higher interest rates, developments in regulatory, industry and market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or changes in technologies. Any changes in key assumptions, or actual performance compared with key assumptions, about our business and its future prospects could affect the fair value of one or more of our assets, which may result in an impairment charge. We have incurred and may continue to incur impairment charges on certain of our assets that could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, as part of its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for its AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. In addition, during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company identified interim impairment indicators related to goodwill within the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and, as such, performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill as of May 31, 2023. Based on our evaluations in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the estimated fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of 195 million and 656 million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. The performance of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and the potential for future developments in the global economic environment, including the prospect of higher interest rates, introduces a heightened risk for additional impairment in the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. If there is continued deterioration in the results of operations, a portion or all of the remaining recorded goodwill for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, which was 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, could be subject to further impairment. 
 
 Our holding company structure could limit our ability to pay dividends or service debt. We are a holding company whose material assets are the stock of our subsidiaries. Our ability to pay dividends on our Common Stock and to pay principal and accrued interest on our debt, if any, depends on the payment of dividends to us by our principal subsidiaries. Payments to us by our subsidiaries, in turn, depend upon their consolidated results of operations and cash flows. The operations of our subsidiaries are affected by conditions beyond our control, including weather, regulations, competition in national and international markets we serve, the costs and availability of propane, butane, natural gas, electricity, and other energy sources, capital market conditions and interest rates and other business risks impacting liquidity levels. The ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us is also affected by the level of indebtedness of our subsidiaries, which is substantial, and the restrictions on payments to us imposed under the terms of such indebtedness. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Volatility in credit and capital markets may restrict our ability to grow, increase the likelihood of defaults by our suppliers and vendors, customers and counterparties and adversely affect our operating results. Volatility in credit and capital markets may create additional risks to our businesses in the future. We are exposed to financial market risk (including refinancing risk) resulting from factors beyond our control, including, among other things, commodity price volatility and changes in interest rates and conditions in the credit and capital markets. Adverse developments in the credit markets may increase our possible exposure to the liquidity, default and credit risks of our suppliers and vendors, counterparties associated with derivative financial instruments and our customers. 
 
 We depend on our intellectual property and failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect us. We seek trademark protection for our brands in each of our businesses, and we invest significant resources in developing our business brands. Failure to maintain our trademarks and brands could adversely affect our customer-facing businesses and our operational results. 
 
 Declines in the stock market or bond market, and a low interest rate environment, may negatively impact our pension liability. Declines in the stock market and a low interest rate environment historically have resulted in a significant impact on our pension liability and funded status. Declines in the stock or bond market and valuation of stocks or bonds, combined with low interest rates, could further impact our pension liability and funded status and increase the amount of required contributions to our pension plans. 
 
 Unless we otherwise consent in writing, our Amended and Restated Bylaws designate a state court located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania or, if no state court located within such county has jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, the federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, a state court located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania or, if no state court located within such county has jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, the federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, as the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of duty owed to us or our shareholders by any director, officer, or other employee of ours; (c) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or against any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to, or involving any interpretation or enforcement of, any provision of the Pennsylvania Associations Code, Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim peculiar to the relationship between or among us and our officers, directors, and shareholders, or otherwise governed by or involving the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court outside of Pennsylvania were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 The SERC Committee is responsible for reviewing the overall adequacy of, and providing oversight with respect to, the Company s safety, environmental and regulatory compliance policies, programs, procedures, initiatives and training in light of applicable legal requirements and governmental and industry standards in the jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business. We also have several working groups responsible for collaborating on cybersecurity policies and standards. The Global Chief Information Officer and the Global Chief Information Security Officer report to the SERC Committee quarterly on the Company s cybersecurity program, and to the Board of Directors, as necessary. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, our Global Chief Information Officer and Global Chief Information Security Officer, and others serving in similar capacities, will assess the incident and activate an incident response plan. These officers will escalate review of the incident to business unit leaders and/or members of our executive leadership team, as appropriate. We have a cybersecurity program to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of, the Company. Our cybersecurity program has a formalized framework that is informed by domestic and international laws, regulations and industry best practices and frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and systems. Our Information Security Program serves as the foundation of our cybersecurity program and our Acceptable Use Policy also provides governance in this area. We partner with other companies, industries and law enforcement to communicate information about the latest cybersecurity threats and leverage threat modeling insights. We conduct cybersecurity assessments against industry cybersecurity frameworks to better enable us to prioritize actions and investments to enhance our cybersecurity capabilities. Our cybersecurity teams work diligently to safeguard Company and customer data by applying layered and defensive mechanisms to proactively provide the security needed to detect and defend against cyber-attacks and to withstand potential impacts. We periodically conduct tabletop exercises and penetration testing to test our defenses. In addition, we provide new hires and employees with cybersecurity training, which is monitored and tracked on an annual basis. We also issue routine phishing campaigns to educate employees on social engineering techniques and informal security awareness exercises are conducted throughout the year . 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 With the exception of those matters set forth in Note 16 to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 15 of this Report, no material legal proceedings are pending involving the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any of their properties, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated by governmental authorities other than claims arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in Part III of this Report and is incorporated in Part I by reference. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II: 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information and Dividend Policy 
 
 Our Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UGI. On November 15, 2024, we had 6,167 holders of record of Common Stock. 
 
 Payment of dividends is subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. Factors considered in determining dividends include our profitability and expected capital needs. Subject to these qualifications, we presently expect to continue to pay dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans can be found under Part III of this Report. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 6.50 million shares of Common Stock available for repurchase through an extension of a previous share repurchase program announced by the Company on February 2, 2022. The Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 8 million shares of Common Stock over a four-year period expiring in February 2026. 
 
 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 
 The Company did not sell any unregistered securities during Fiscal 2024. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total shareholder return (stock price appreciation and the reinvestment of dividends) on an investment of 100 in UGI Common Stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Utilities Index over the five years from September 30, 2019, through September 30, 2024. The stock performance shown on the graph below is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 MD A discusses our results of operations for Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, and our financial condition. For discussion of our results of operations and cash flows for Fiscal 2023 compared with Fiscal 2022, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Fiscal 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on November 28, 2023. MD A should be read in conjunction with Items 1 and 2, Business and Properties, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the Consolidated Financial Statements, including Segment Information in Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Because most of our businesses sell or distribute energy products used in large part for heating purposes, our results are significantly influenced by temperatures in our service territories, particularly during the heating-season months of October through March. Accordingly, our results of operations, after adjusting for the effects of gains and losses on derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions as further discussed below, are significantly higher in our first and second fiscal quarters. 

Recent Developments 
 
 Disposition of UGID 
 
 In September 2024, Energy Services completed the sale of all of its ownership interest in UGID, which owns and operates the Hunlock Creek Energy Center located in Wilkes-Barre, PA, a 169-megawatt natural gas-fueled electricity generating station, for net cash proceeds of 43 million. In connection with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of 66 million in Fiscal 2024. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, as part of its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for its AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. In addition, during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company identified interim impairment indicators related to goodwill within the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit: (1) AmeriGas Partners issued 500 million of Senior Notes at an interest rate of 9.375 , which was significantly higher than the interest rates on the other AmeriGas Propane debt obligations; and (2) financial projections for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit were reduced significantly compared to previous forecasts following declines in gross margins and customer retention and higher operating expenses. The Company concluded that these events constituted triggering events that indicate that the AmeriGas Propane goodwill may be impaired and, as such, performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Based on our evaluations in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the estimated fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of 195 million and 656 million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, included in Impairment of goodwill on the Consolidated Statement of Income, to reduce the carrying value of AmeriGas Propane to its fair value. The Company calculated the deferred tax effect using the simultaneous equation method. 
 
 The performance of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and the potential for future developments in the global economic environment, including the prospect of higher interest rates, introduces a heightened risk for additional impairment in the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. If there is continued deterioration in the results of operations, a portion or all of the remaining recorded goodwill for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, which was 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, could be subject to further impairment. 
 
 See Note 12 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 UGI International Energy Marketing Transactions 
 
 As of the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, pursuant to its previously announced decision, the Company had exited substantially all of its European energy marketing business which primarily marketed natural gas and electricity to customers through third-party distribution systems in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. 
 
 France. In October 2023, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold substantially all of its energy marketing business located in France for a net cash payment to the buyer of 29 million. In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of 29 million in Fiscal 2024, which amount principally represents the net payment to the buyer. The carrying values of the assets and liabilities associated with this business, principally comprising certain commodity derivative instruments, energy certificates and certain working capital, were not material. 
 
 Belgium. In September 2023, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its energy marketing business located in Belgium for a net cash payment to the buyer of 3 million. Pursuant to the sale agreement, the Company transferred to the buyer certain assets, principally comprising customer and energy broker contracts. In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of 6 million in Fiscal 2023, which includes the net payment to the buyer, the write-off of certain prepaid energy broker payments and associated transaction costs and fees. 
 
 United Kingdom. In October 2022, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its natural gas marketing business located in the U.K. for a net cash payment to the buyer of 19 million. In conjunction with the sale, during the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of 215 million substantially all of which was due to the non-cash transfer of commodity derivative instruments associated with the business. 
 
 Netherlands. In September 2023, a substantial number of DVEP s customers agreed to modify their energy marketing contracts whereby the Company would continue to provide the delivery of electricity and natural gas at fixed prices through December 31, 2023, with the Company s obligations to provide future services terminated effective January 1, 2024. As consideration for the early termination of such contracts, the Company agreed to make cash payments to the customers equal to the fair values of specific commodity derivative instruments associated with periods after December 31, 2023. During the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Company settled the commodity derivative instruments for a gain of 46 million, which represented the fair value of the specific commodity derivative instruments associated with periods after December 31, 2023 and reduced its revenues from these customers by 42 million, which represented the pro-rated performance obligation from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the wind-down of its European energy marketing business, in December 2023, DVEP completed a sale of a substantial portion of its power purchase agreements to a third party for a total consideration to the buyer of 5 million. In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of 5 million. 
 
 During the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a 19 million pre-tax impairment charge to reduce the carrying values of certain assets associated with its energy marketing business in the Netherlands, comprising property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. 
 
 See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 UGI management uses adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation and adjusted diluted earnings per share, both of which are non-GAAP financial measures, when evaluating UGI s overall performance. Management believes that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to investors about UGI s performance because they eliminate gains and losses on commodity and certain foreign currency derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions and other significant discrete items that can affect the comparison of period-over-period results. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 UGI does not designate its commodity and certain foreign currency derivative instruments as hedges under GAAP. Volatility in net income attributable to UGI Corporation can occur as a result of gains and losses on such derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions. These gains and losses result principally from recording changes in unrealized gains and losses on unsettled commodity and certain foreign currency derivative instruments and, to a much lesser extent, certain realized gains and losses on settled commodity derivative instruments that are not associated with current-period transactions. However, because these derivative instruments economically hedge anticipated future purchases or sales of energy commodities, or in the case of certain foreign currency derivatives, reduce volatility in anticipated future earnings associated with our foreign operations, we expect that such gains or losses will be largely offset by gains or losses on anticipated future energy commodity transactions or mitigate volatility in anticipated future earnings. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measures. 
 The following tables reflect the adjustments referred to above and reconcile net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation, and reconcile diluted earnings per share, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to adjusted diluted earnings per share: 
 Year Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 Adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation: Utilities 237 219 Midstream Marketing 238 193 UGI International 262 172 AmeriGas Propane (23) 71 Corporate Other (a) (445) (2,157) Net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation 269 (1,502) Net (gains) losses on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions (net of tax of 17 and (419), respectively) 
 (60) 1,225 Unrealized losses on foreign currency derivative instruments (net of tax of (9) and (11), respectively) 
 22 27 Loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill (net of tax of (3) and 4, respectively) 
 192 660 Loss on extinguishments of debt (net of tax of (3) and (2), respectively) 
 6 7 Business transformation expenses (net of tax of 0 and (3), respectively) 
 7 AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project (net of tax of (6) and (6), respectively) 
 19 18 Restructuring costs (net of tax of (20) and 0, respectively) 
 56 Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business (net of tax of (15) and (67), respectively) 
 69 181 Net gain on sale of UGI headquarters building (net of tax of 0 and 4, respectively) 
 (10) Loss on disposal of UGID (net of tax of (11) and 0, respectively) 
 55 Impairments of equity method investments and assets (net of tax of (3) and 0, respectively) 
 30 Total adjustments (a) (b) 389 2,115 Adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation 658 613 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Adjusted diluted earnings per share: Utilities 1.10 1.01 Midstream Marketing 1.11 0.89 UGI International 1.22 0.80 AmeriGas Propane (0.11) 0.33 Corporate Other (a) (2.07) (10.19) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted (c) 1.25 (7.16) Net (gains) losses on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions (0.28) 5.77 Unrealized losses on foreign currency derivative instruments 0.10 0.13 Loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill 0.89 3.14 Loss on extinguishments of debt 0.03 0.03 Business transformation expenses 0.03 AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project 0.09 0.09 Restructuring costs 0.26 Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business 0.32 0.86 Net gain on sale of UGI headquarters building (0.05) Loss on disposal of UGID 0.26 Impairments of equity method investments and assets 0.14 Total adjustments (a) 1.81 10.00 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (c) 3.06 2.84 
 
 (a) Corporate Other includes certain adjustments made to our reporting segments in arriving at net income attributable to UGI Corporation. These adjustments have been excluded from the segment results to align with the measure used by our CODM in assessing segment performance and allocating resources. See Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these adjustments, as well as other items included within Corporate Other. 
 (b) Income taxes associated with pre-tax adjustments determined using statutory business unit tax rates. 
 (c) The loss per share for Fiscal 2023, was determined excluding the effect of 6.13 million dilutive shares as the impact of such shares would have been antidilutive due to the net loss for the period, while the adjusted earnings per share for Fiscal 2023, was determined based upon fully diluted shares of 215.94 million. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Overview 
 Fiscal 2024 Compared with Fiscal 2023 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation was 269 million (equal to 1.25 per diluted share) and (1,502) million (equal to (7.16) per diluted share) in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. These results include net gains (losses) from changes in unrealized commodity derivative instruments and certain foreign currency derivative instruments of 38 million and (1,252) million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. The higher net gains from changes in these derivative instruments during Fiscal 2024, principally reflects significantly less volatility in commodity energy prices in Europe following unprecedented volatility in such prices during Fiscal 2023 and the effects of significantly lower energy marketing activities in Europe resulting from the exit of substantially all of UGI International s energy marketing business. 
 
 Net income attributable to UGI Corporation in Fiscal 2024 also includes (1) a 192 million loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill; (2) 69 million of costs associated with the exit of our UGI International energy marketing business in Europe, principally reflecting wind-down activities in the Netherlands and the loss on the sale of the energy marketing business located in France; (3) restructuring costs of 56 million largely attributable to a reduction in workforce and related costs, primarily at UGI International; (4) a 55 million loss on disposal of UGID; (5) 30 million of impairments associated with equity method investments and certain other assets at UGI International; (6) external advisory fees of 19 million associated with AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project; and (7) loss on extinguishments of debt of 6 million, primarily at AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 Net loss attributable to UGI Corporation in Fiscal 2023 also includes (1) a 660 million loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill; (2) 181 million of costs associated with the exit of our UGI International energy marketing business in Europe, principally reflecting loss on the sale of the energy marketing business located in the U.K. and Belgium and wind-down activities in the Netherlands; (3) external advisory fees of 18 million associated with AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project; (4) a 10 million net gain on sale of UGI Corporation s headquarters building; (5) loss on extinguishments of debt of 7 million at AmeriGas Propane; and (6) business transformation expenses of 7 million associated with corporate support functions. 
 
 Adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation was 658 million (equal to 3.06 per diluted share) and 613 million (equal to 2.84 per diluted share) in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. The increase in adjusted net income attributable to UGI Corporation during Fiscal 2024 reflects higher earnings contributions primarily from our UGI International and Midstream Marketing segments and, to a lesser extent, our Utilities segment. Such increase was partially offset by lower earnings contributions from our AmeriGas Propane segment. In Fiscal 2024, temperatures in all of our business segments were warmer than the prior year. 
 Utilities adjusted net income increased 18 million in Fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase was largely attributable to higher total margin due in large part to increases in base rates at PA Gas Utility, Mountaineer and Electric Utility during Fiscal 2024, increases in DSIC revenues and impacts from customer growth. 
 Midstream Marketing adjusted net income increased 45 million in Fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase is primarily attributable to higher total margin from capacity management activities and lower income taxes reflecting higher investment tax credits in Fiscal 2024. 
 UGI International s adjusted net income increased 90 million in Fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase is mainly attributable to (1) higher margin contributions from our LPG business, principally reflecting the benefit from higher average unit margins attributable to strong margin management efforts; (2) lower operating and administrative expenses; and (3) lower income taxes primarily due to higher income tax benefits associated with interest deduction carryforwards. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane s adjusted net (loss) income was (23) million and 71 million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, principally reflecting lower total margin, primarily attributable to lower retail propane volumes sold, partially offset by lower operating and administrative expenses in Fiscal 2024. 

52 

Table of Contents 

Analysis of Segment Results 
 The following analysis compares results of operations by our reportable segments for Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023: 
 Utilities 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (Dollars in millions) Revenues 1,598 1,854 (256) (14) Total margin (a) 924 877 47 5 Operating and administrative expenses (a) 363 368 (5) (1) Operating income 394 357 37 10 Earnings before interest expense and income taxes 400 365 35 10 Gas Utility system throughput bcf Core market 93 96 (3) (3) Total 378 375 3 1 Electric Utility distribution sales - gwh 980 959 21 2 Gas Utility degree days (warmer) than normal (b) (16.0) (11.7) 
 (a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales and revenue-related taxes (i.e. gross receipts and business and occupation taxes) of 24 million each during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023. For financial statement purposes, revenue-related taxes are included in Operating and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income (but are excluded from operating expenses presented above). 
 (b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data based on weather statistics provided by NOAA for airports located within Gas Utility service territories. 
 
 Temperatures in Gas Utility s service territories during Fiscal 2024 were 16.0 warmer than normal and 4.5 warmer than the prior year. The decrease in Gas Utility core market volumes during Fiscal 2024 is largely related to the warmer weather, partially offset by growth in the core market customers. Notwithstanding the decrease in core market volume, total Gas Utility volume slightly increased during Fiscal 2024, primarily reflecting higher large firm delivery service volumes. The increase in Electric Utility distribution sales volumes during Fiscal 2024 is primarily attributable to customer growth. 
 Revenues decreased 256 million in Fiscal 2024 reflecting a 260 million decrease in Gas Utility revenues, partially offset by a 4 million increase in Electric Utility revenues. The decrease in Gas Utility revenues was largely attributable to lower PGC and PGA rates reflecting lower natural gas costs and, to a lesser extent, the lower core market volumes and lower off-system sales. These decreases were partially offset by the effects of increases in base rates for PA Gas Utility (effective October 1, 2023) and Mountaineer (effective January 1, 2024), increases in DSIC revenues and the effects of the weather normalization adjustments for PA Gas Utility (effective November 1, 2022). Electric Utility revenues slightly increased during Fiscal 2024, largely reflecting higher base rates and sales volumes, partially offset by lower DS rates. 
 
 Cost of sales was 674 million in Fiscal 2024 compared with 977 million in Fiscal 2023. The decrease of 303 million is primarily attributable to Gas Utility 295 million) mainly reflecting lower PGC and PGA rates, the lower core market volumes and, to a lesser extent, lower cost of sales associated with off-system sales. Electric Utility cost of sales decreased 8 million in Fiscal 2024, largely reflecting the lower DS rates, partially offset by higher sales volumes. 
 
 Total margin increased 47 million during Fiscal 2024, primarily attributable to higher Gas Utility total margin 35 million), notwithstanding the warmer weather, mainly reflecting the effects of increases in base rates for PA Gas Utility (effective October 1, 2023) and Mountaineer (effective January 1, 2024), the increases in DSIC revenues, the impacts from growth in the core market customers and the effects of the weather normalization adjustments for PA Gas Utility (effective November 1, 2022) . Electric Utility margin increased 12 million during Fiscal 2024, mainly reflecting the increase in base rates effective October 1, 2023 and the higher sales volumes. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes increased 37 million and 35 million, respectively, during Fiscal 2024. These increases largely reflect the previously mentioned increase in total margin 47 million) and, to a lesser extent, lower operating and administrative expenses 5 million), partially offset by higher depreciation expense 14 million). The lower operating and administrative expenses primarily reflects lower uncollectible accounts expenses. The higher depreciation expense compared to the prior year reflects the effects of continued distribution system capital expenditure activity. 
 
 Midstream Marketing 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (Dollars in millions) Revenues 1,369 1,847 (478) (26) Total margin (a) 505 487 18 4 Operating and administrative expenses 125 133 (8) (6) Operating income 301 285 16 6 Earnings before interest expense and income taxes 313 291 22 8 
 (a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales. 
 
 Average temperatures across Midstream Marketing s energy marketing territory during Fiscal 2024 were 13.3 warmer than normal and 4.9 warmer than the prior year. 
 
 Revenues decreased 478 million during Fiscal 2024, primarily reflecting lower revenues from natural gas marketing activities 453 million) that were principally impacted by lower natural gas prices and lower volumes resulting from the warmer weather, partially offset by higher capacity management activities. The decrease also reflects, to a much lesser extent, lower revenues from renewable energy 22 million). 
 
 Cost of sales decreased 496 million during Fiscal 2024, primarily reflecting lower natural gas costs 488 million) related to the previously mentioned natural gas marketing activities and, to a much lesser extent, lower cost of sales related to renewable energy 14 million). 
 
 Midstream Marketing total margin increased 18 million in Fiscal 2024, primarily reflecting higher margins from capacity management activities 31 million), partially offset by lower total margin from renewable energy 8 million) and lower natural gas gathering and processing activities 7 million). 
 
 Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes during Fiscal 2024 increased 16 million and 22 million, respectively. The increase in operating income is largely attributable to the higher total margin 18 million) and lower operating and administrative expenses 8 million), partially offset by lower other operating income 10 million). The lower operating and administrative expenses during Fiscal 2024 primarily reflects lower salary and benefits expenses and maintenance expenses. The increase in earnings before interest expense and income taxes principally reflects the higher operating income 16 million) and, to a lesser extent, higher income from equity investees 5 million). 
 
 UGI International 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (Dollars in millions) Revenues 2,279 2,965 (686) (23) Total margin (a) 978 920 58 6 Operating and administrative expenses 578 623 (45) (7) Operating income 311 215 96 45 Earnings before interest expense and income taxes 323 234 89 38 LPG retail gallons sold (millions) 725 729 (4) (1) Degree days - (warmer) than normal (b) (11.8) (10.5) 
 (a) Total margin represents total revenues less total cost of sales. 
 (b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a rolling 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data at locations in our UGI International service territories. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Average temperatures during Fiscal 2024 were 11.8 warmer than normal and 2.2 warmer than Fiscal 2023. Notwithstanding the warmer weather, total LPG retail gallons sold during Fiscal 2024 was comparable to Fiscal 2023 as the impacts from warmer weather and lower cylinder volumes were substantially offset by growth from natural gas conversions to LPG and higher auto gas volumes sold. 
 
 UGI International base-currency results are translated into U.S. dollars based upon exchange rates experienced during the reporting periods. The functional currency of a significant portion of our UGI International results is the euro and, to a much lesser extent, the British pound sterling. During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the average unweighted euro-to-dollar translation rates were approximately 1.08 and 1.07, respectively, and the average unweighted British pound sterling-to-dollar translation rates were approximately 1.27 and 1.23, respectively. Fluctuations in these foreign currency exchange rates can have a significant impact on the individual financial statement components discussed below. The Company uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts entered into over multi-year periods to reduce the volatility in earnings that may result from such changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These forward foreign currency exchange contracts resulted in realized net gains of 11 million and 15 million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. 
 
 Average wholesale prices for propane and butane during Fiscal 2024 in northwest Europe were approximately 2 and 5 lower, respectively, compared to Fiscal 2023. Revenues and cost of sales decreased 686 million and 744 million, respectively, in Fiscal 2024. The decrease in revenues and cost of sales principally reflects significantly lower energy marketing activities during Fiscal 2024 resulting from the exit of substantially all of UGI International s energy marketing business in Belgium, France and the Netherlands in Fiscal 2024. The decrease in revenues from the energy marketing activities was partially offset by the translation effects of the stronger foreign currencies (approximately 52 million) and LPG price increases across Europe. The decrease in cost of sales was also attributable to lower LPG product costs, partially offset by the translation effects of the stronger foreign currencies (approximately 32 million). 
 
 Total margin increased 58 million during Fiscal 2024 primarily reflecting higher margin contributions primarily from our LPG business, the translation effects of the stronger foreign currencies (approximately 20 million) and, to a much lesser extent, higher margin contributions from our energy marketing activities. The higher margin from our LPG business reflects the effects of higher average unit margins attributable to strong margin management efforts, partially offset by the impacts from the lower LPG volumes sold. The slightly higher margin from our energy marketing activities primarily reflects the impact of the aforementioned exit of substantially all of UGI International s energy marketing business. 
 
 Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes increased 96 million and 89 million, respectively, during Fiscal 2024. The increase in operating income principally reflects the increase in total margin 58 million) and lower operating and administrative expenses 45 million), partially offset by lower other operating income 6 million). The lower operating and administrative expenses during Fiscal 2024 primarily reflects (1) the impact of the aforementioned exit of substantially all of UGI International s energy marketing business and (2) lower personnel-related costs and lower maintenance and advertising expenses in our LPG business, partially offset by the effects of inflationary increases and the translation effects of the stronger foreign currencies (approximately 12 million). The increase in earnings before interest expense and income taxes in Fiscal 2024 largely reflects the increase in operating income 96 million), partially offset by lower realized gains on foreign currency exchange contracts 4 million) entered into in order to reduce volatility in UGI International earnings resulting from the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) (Dollars in millions) Revenues 2,271 2,581 (310) (12) Total margin (a) 1,212 1,331 (119) (9) Operating and administrative expenses 933 950 (17) (2) Operating income / earnings before interest expense and income taxes 142 268 (126) (47) Retail gallons sold (millions) 737 823 (86) (10) Degree days (warmer) colder than normal (b) (8.0) 0.5 
 (a) Total margin represents revenues less cost of sales. 
 (b) Deviation from average heating degree days is determined on a rolling 10-year period utilizing volume-weighted weather data based on weather statistics provided by NOAA for 344 regions in the United States, excluding Alaska and Hawaii. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Average temperatures during Fiscal 2024 were 8.0 warmer than normal and 8.0 warmer than the prior year. Total retail gallons sold decreased 10 during Fiscal 2024 primarily due to continuing customer attrition and the effects of the warmer weather. 
 
 Average daily wholesale propane commodity prices during Fiscal 2024 at Mont Belvieu, Texas, one of the major supply points in the U.S., were comparable to such prices during Fiscal 2023. Total revenues decreased 310 million during Fiscal 2024 largely reflecting the lower retail volumes sold 228 million), the effects of lower average retail propane selling prices 39 million) and lower wholesale revenues 28 million). 
 
 Total cost of sales decreased 191 million during Fiscal 2024 largely reflecting the lower retail propane volumes sold 109 million), the lower retail propane product costs 37 million) and lower wholesale cost of sales 26 million). 
 
 Total margin decreased 119 million in Fiscal 2024, substantially all of which was attributable to the lower retail propane volumes sold. 
 
 Operating income and earnings before interest expense and income taxes decreased 126 million in Fiscal 2024 primarily reflecting the decrease in total margin 119 million) and lower other operating income 23 million), mainly resulting from lower gains on sales of fixed assets during Fiscal 2024. These decreases were partially offset by lower operating and administrative expenses 17 million), reflecting, among other things, lower compensation and advertising expenses, partially offset by higher general insurance costs and higher vehicle expenses. 
 
 Interest Expense and Income Taxes 
 
 Our consolidated interest expense during Fiscal 2024 was 394 million compared to 379 million during the prior year. The increase in interest expense is largely attributable to higher average long-term debt outstanding principally at Utilities and UGI Corporation, partially offset by lower average borrowings under our credit agreements and lower average long-term debt outstanding at AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 Our effective income tax rate decreased in Fiscal 2024 compared to Fiscal 2023, primarily due to (1) the release of a valuation allowance related to a notional interest deduction at our UGI International segment that exceeded the release of a valuation allowance in the prior year related to foreign tax credits; (2) higher investment tax credits available in Fiscal 2024 due to a larger level of project completions compared to the prior year; and (3) lower state income taxes in accordance with the lower statutory rate in Pennsylvania. These decreases were partially offset by the effect of establishing a full valuation allowance against current year losses in the Netherlands. 
 
 For additional information on our income taxes, including tax law changes, see Note 7 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition and Liquidity 
 
 The Company expects to have sufficient liquidity including cash on hand and available borrowing capacity, to continue to support long-term commitments and ongoing operations. Our total available liquidity balance, comprising cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facilities, totaled approximately 1.5 billion and 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In October 2024, the Company used the proceeds from the borrowings under the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement to repay 630 million of long-term debt outstanding under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement which was scheduled to mature in August 2025 (see Subsequent Event below for further discussion). As a result, borrowings outstanding under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement totaling 630 million at September 30, 2024 have been classified as long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024, except for 218 million outstanding principal balance of AmeriGas Partners 5.50 Senior Notes maturing in May 2025, the Company does not have any senior notes or term loans maturing in the next twelve months. UGI and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all of its debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We depend on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide funds for working capital and to fund capital requirements. Our short-term cash requirements not met by cash from operations are generally satisfied with borrowings under credit facilities and, in the case of Midstream Marketing, also from a Receivables Facility. Long-term cash requirements are generally met through the issuance of long-term debt or equity securities. We believe that each of our business units has sufficient liquidity in the forms of cash and cash equivalents on hand; cash expected to be generated from operations; credit facility and Receivables Facility borrowing capacity; and the ability to obtain long-term financing to meet anticipated contractual and projected cash commitments. Issuances of debt and equity securities in the capital markets and additional credit facilities may not, however, be available to us on acceptable terms. 
 
 The primary sources of UGI s cash and cash equivalents are the dividends and other cash payments made to UGI or its corporate subsidiaries by its principal business units. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled 213 million and 241 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excluding cash and cash equivalents that reside at UGI s operating subsidiaries, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 72 million and 51 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such cash is available to pay dividends on UGI Common Stock and for investment purposes. 
 During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, our principal business units paid cash dividends and made other cash payments to UGI and its subsidiaries as follows: 
 (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Utilities 135 5 Midstream Marketing 75 215 UGI International 115 248 Total 325 468 
 
 Common and Preferred Stock 
 
 Equity Units 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Units issued in Fiscal 2021, in May 2024, the Company announced the unsuccessful final remarketing of its Convertible Preferred Stock. As a result, each holder of an Equity Unit received 2.2973 shares of UGI common stock, without par value, with cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Company (i) made the final contract adjustment payment to settle the 2024 Purchase Contract in full; (ii) canceled the Convertible Preferred Stock; and (iii) in a non-cash transaction, converted the Equity Units into 5,054,030 shares of UGI Common Stock and issued the shares to the holders of the Equity Units under the 2024 Purchase Contract. 
 
 See Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 Quarterly dividends per share of UGI Common Stock paid during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 were as follows: 
 2024 2023 1 st Quarter 
 0.375 0.360 2 nd Quarter 
 0.375 0.360 3 rd Quarter 
 0.375 0.375 4 th Quarter 
 0.375 0.375 Total 1.500 1.470 
 On November 20, 2024, UGI s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend equal to 0.375 per common share. The dividend will be payable on January 1, 2025, to shareholders of record on December 16, 2024. 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 During Fiscal 2024 there were no repurchases of UGI Common Stock. During Fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased 600,000 shares of its Common Stock at a total purchase price of 22 million. For additional information on the authorization of these repurchases, see Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Long-term Debt and Credit Facilities 
 
 The Company s debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, comprised the following: 
 2024 2023 (Millions of dollars) Utilities Midstream Marketing UGI International AmeriGas Propane Corp. Other Total Total Short-term borrowings 286 128 51 465 649 Long-term debt (including current maturities): Senior notes 1,755 446 1,887 700 4,788 4,329 Term loans 123 786 335 515 1,759 1,967 Other long-term debt 18 41 12 115 186 351 Unamortized debt issuance costs (7) (13) (6) (10) (19) (55) (47) Total long-term debt 1,889 814 787 1,877 1,311 6,678 6,600 Total debt 2,175 814 915 1,928 1,311 7,143 7,249 
 Significant Financing Activities 
 The following significant financing activities occurred during Fiscal 2024. See Note 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these transactions. 
 
 Utilities 
 
 Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement. In April 2024, Mountaineer entered into the fourth amendment to the Mountaineer 2023 Credit Agreement, which extends the maturity date of the agreement from November 2024 to December 2025. 
 
 UGI Utilities Senior Notes. In November 2023, UGI Utilities entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with a consortium of lenders. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, UGI Utilities issued (1) 25 million aggregate principal amount of 6.02 Senior Notes due November 30, 2030; (2) 150 million aggregate principal amount of 6.10 Senior Notes due November 30, 2033; and (3) 75 million aggregate principal amount of 6.40 Senior Notes due November 30, 2053. The net proceeds from these issuances were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement. In November 2023, UGI Utilities entered into the UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement providing for borrowings up to 375 million (including a 50 million sublimit for letters of credit and a 38 million sublimit for swingline loans). UGI Utilities may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments under the credit agreement to a maximum aggregate amount of 125 million. The credit agreement is scheduled to expire November 2028. Borrowings under the credit agreement may be used to refinance UGI Utilities existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of UGI Utilities. 
 
 Midstream Marketing 
 
 Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement. In June 2024, Energy Services entered into the second amendment to the Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement. The Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement was amended primarily to amend the applicable margins on borrowings to 2.50 per annum for Term SOFR loans and 1.50 per annum for base rate loans. 
 
 Energy Services Credit Agreement. In May 2024, Energy Services entered into the fourth amendment to the Energy Services Credit Agreement. The amended credit agreement provides for borrowings up to 300 million, including a 50 million sublimit for letters of credit. Borrowings under the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of Energy Services and is scheduled to expire in May 2028. 
 
 UGI International 
 
 UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement. In June 2024, UGI International, LLC and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, UGI International Holdings B.V., entered into the first amendment to the UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement, which provides for the establishment and incorporation of specific key performance indicators with respect to Environmental, Social and Governance targets, whereby based on UGI International, LLC s performance against the key performance indicators, certain adjustments of up to 0.05 in total to the applicable margin may be made. 
 
 AmeriGas Propane 
 
 AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility . In August 2024, AmeriGas OLP entered into the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility maturing August 2029, providing for commitments up to 200 million (including a 20 million sublimit for letters of credit), subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement. Borrowings under this credit facility were used to pay off borrowings under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement and are available for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of AmeriGas OLP. Borrowings under this credit agreement are secured by certain assets of AmeriGas OLP, including, but not limited to, accounts receivables and inventory, and are guaranteed by any material subsidiaries of AmeriGas OLP. In addition, this credit facility requires AmeriGas OLP to abide by certain financial covenants from time to time including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a senior notes liquidity covenant, each as defined in the agreement. Concurrently with entering into AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, AmeriGas OLP terminated the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement. 
 
 AmeriGas Partners Senior Notes. In June 2024, pursuant to an early tender offer, AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp, repurchased 475 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.50 Senior Notes due May 2025. Cash on hand, a 315 million cash contribution from the Company and other sources of liquidity were used for the repurchase. Following the repurchase, 218 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.50 Senior Notes remain outstanding at September 30, 2024. 
 
 In March 2024, AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp entered into separate, privately negotiated repurchase agreements with a limited number of holders of the outstanding senior notes and repurchased 38 million aggregate principal amount of the senior notes. 
 
 UGI Corporation 
 
 UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement. In April 2024, UGI entered into the fourth amendment to the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement which, among other things, extended the maturity date of substantially all of the borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement to August 29, 2025. Amounts outstanding under the amended agreement were repaid early in October 2025 with proceeds from the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement and the agreement was terminated. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 UGI Corporation Senior Notes. In June 2024, UGI issued, in an underwritten private placement, an aggregate 700 million principal amount of 5.00 UGI Corporation Senior Notes due June 2028. The UGI Corporation Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness. The net proceeds from the issuance of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes of approximately 682 million, after underwriters fees and other debt issuance costs, were used (1) to repay a portion of borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement; (2) to make a cash contribution of 315 million to the Partnership to repay a portion of its 5.50 Senior Notes as described above; and (3) for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The UGI Corporation Senior Notes are convertible subject to the occurrence of certain events and circumstances. Before March 1, 2028, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after March 1, 2028, holders of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, none of the events permitting the noteholders to convert their notes early occurred. Accordingly, the UGI Corporation Senior Notes are classified as Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the UGI Corporation Senior notes. For the remainder of the amount in excess of the aggregate principal amount, if applicable, the Company will have the sole right to elect the settlement method upon conversion which can be either entirely in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. The default settlement method as defined in the agreement is combination settlement with a specified dollar amount of 1,000 per 1,000 principal of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes, and any incremental value settled in shares of the Company s common stock. The initial conversion rate is 36.2319 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 27.60 per share of the Company s common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 
 The Company may not redeem the UGI Corporation Senior Notes at its option before maturity. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 UGI Utilities Senior Notes. In November 2024, UGI Utilities entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with a consortium of lenders. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, UGI Utilities issued 50 million aggregate principal amount of 5.24 Senior Notes due November 30, 2029, and 125 million aggregate principal amount of 5.52 Senior Notes due November 30, 2034. The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants and default provisions and requires compliance with certain financial covenants including a leverage ratio and priority debt ratio as defined in the agreement. These senior notes are unsecured and rank equally with UGI Utilities existing outstanding senior debt. The net proceeds from these issuances were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. In October 2024, AmeriGas OLP amended the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to a total of 300 million. 
 
 UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement. In October 2024, UGI entered into the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement, providing a 475 million revolving credit facility, including a 10 million sublimit for letters of credit, and a 400 million term loan facility. Borrowings under the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes, including refinancing a portion of the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement and ongoing working capital needs of the Company. The revolving credit facility is scheduled to expire in October 2028, and the term loan facility is scheduled to mature in October 2027. In connection with entering into the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement, the Company paid off in full and terminated the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facilities 
 
 Information about the Company s principal credit agreements (excluding Energy Services Receivables Facility, which is discussed below) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, is presented in the tables below. 
 (Currency in millions) Expiration Date Total Capacity Borrowings Outstanding Letters of Credit and Guarantees Outstanding Available Borrowing Capacity Weighted Average Interest Rate - End of Year September 30, 2024 AmeriGas OLP (a) August 2029 200 51 149 7.29 UGI International, LLC (b) March 2028 500 115 385 4.88 Energy Services May 2028 300 300 N.A. UGI Utilities November 2028 375 190 185 5.92 Mountaineer December 2025 150 96 54 6.56 UGI Corporation (c) August 2025 300 115 185 7.45 September 30, 2023 AmeriGas OLP September 2026 600 2 598 N.A. UGI International, LLC (b) March 2028 500 202 298 5.17 Energy Services March 2025 260 57 203 7.67 UGI Utilities June 2024 425 248 177 6.30 Mountaineer November 2024 150 84 66 6.68 UGI Corporation (c) May 2025 300 283 17 7.80 
 (a) In October 2024, AmeriGas OLP entered into the first amendment to the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Facility which increased the total commitments to 300 million. The maximum amount available for borrowing at any time under the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the borrowing base valuation, as defined by the agreement. 
 (b) Permits UGI International, LLC or UGI International Holdings B.V. to borrow in euros or USD. 
 (c) This facility was paid in full and terminated in October 2024, concurrent with entering into the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement in October 2024. See Subsequent Events above and Note 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. At September 30, 2024, Borrowings outstanding under this facility have been classified as Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The average daily and peak short-term borrowings under the Company s principal credit agreements are as follows: 
 2024 2023 (Currency in millions) Average Peak Average Peak AmeriGas OLP 18 157 79 242 UGI International, LLC 170 229 203 300 Energy Services 15 62 13 82 UGI Utilities 128 316 190 340 Mountaineer 77 104 73 101 UGI Corporation 180 289 249 296 
 Receivables Facility. Energy Services has a Receivables Facility with an issuer of receivables-backed commercial paper. On October 18, 2024, the expiration date of the Receivables Facility was extended to October 17, 2025. The Receivables Facility provides Energy Services with the ability to borrow up to 150 million of eligible receivables during the period October 18, 2024 to April 30, 2025, and up to 75 million of eligible receivables during the period May 1, 2025 to October 17, 2025, with the option to request an increase of 50 million. The interest rate of the Receivables Facility was replaced with a term SOFR based interest rate effective with the extension on October 18, 2024. Energy Services uses the Receivables Facility to fund working capital, margin calls under commodity futures contracts, capital expenditures, dividends and for general corporate purposes. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Under the Receivables Facility, Energy Services transfers, on an ongoing basis and without recourse, its trade accounts receivable to its wholly owned, special purpose subsidiary, ESFC, which is consolidated for financial statement purposes. ESFC, in turn, has sold and, subject to certain conditions, may from time to time sell, an undivided interest in some or all of the receivables to a major bank. Amounts sold to the bank are reflected as Short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. ESFC was created and has been structured to isolate its assets from creditors of Energy Services and its affiliates, including UGI. Trade receivables sold to the bank remain on the Company s balance sheet and the Company reflects a liability equal to the amount advanced by the bank. The Company records interest expense on amounts owed to the bank. Energy Services continues to service, administer and collect trade receivables on behalf of the bank, as applicable. 
 At September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of trade receivables was 51 million, none of which were sold to the bank. At September 30, 2023, the outstanding balance of trade receivables was 62 million, 46 million of which was sold to the bank. Amounts sold to the bank are reflected as Short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, peak sales of receivables were 97 million and 150 million, respectively. During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, average daily amounts sold were 22 million and 46 million, respectively. 
 For further information on the Company s long-term debt, credit facilities and the Receivables Facility, see Note 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cash Flows 
 Due to the seasonal nature of the Company s businesses, cash flows from operating activities are generally strongest during the second and third fiscal quarters when customers pay for natural gas, LPG, electricity and other energy products and services consumed during the peak heating season months. Conversely, operating cash flows are generally at their lowest levels during the fourth and first fiscal quarters when the Company s investment in working capital, principally inventories and accounts receivable, is generally greatest. 
 Operating Activities: 
 Year-to-year variations in our cash flows from operating activities can be significantly affected by changes in operating working capital, especially during periods with significant changes in energy commodity prices. Cash flows from operating activities in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 were 1,182 million and 1,107 million, respectively. Cash flows from operating activities before the effects of changes in operating working capital were 1,215 million in Fiscal 2024 and 1,258 million in Fiscal 2023. Changes in operating working capital and collateral deposits used operating cash flow of 33 million in Fiscal 2024 compared to 151 million of cash flow used in Fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2023 includes 420 million of derivative instrument collateral deposit net payments, principally at our UGI International and Midstream Marketing segments, compared to only 9 million of such net payments in Fiscal 2024. The unusually high prior-year collateral deposit net payments were the result of significant declines in commodity energy prices that occurred during Fiscal 2023. The decrease in cash flow required to fund changes in operating working capital in Fiscal 2024 also reflects lower cash from changes in inventories and accounts receivable which were offset in large part by lower cash required to fund changes in accounts payable. The higher cash from changes in these operating working capital accounts in the prior year also reflect significantly less volatility in commodity energy prices in Europe following unprecedented volatility in such prices during Fiscal 2023 and the effects of significantly lower energy marketing activities in Europe resulting from the exit of substantially all of UGI International s energy marketing business. Changes in operating working capital in Fiscal 2024 also reflects lower cash from income taxes and utility deferred fuel recoveries. 
 Investing Activities: 
 Investing activity cash flow is principally affected by cash expenditures for property, plant and equipment; cash paid for acquisitions of businesses and assets; investments in equity method investees; and cash proceeds from sales and retirements of property, plant and equipment. Cash expenditures for property, plant and equipment totaled 796 million in Fiscal 2024 and 974 million in Fiscal 2023. The decrease in cash payments for property, plant and equipment in Fiscal 2024 compared with Fiscal 2023 principally reflects lower cash capital expenditures at our Utilities segment and, to a lesser extent, at UGI International and AmeriGas Propane. Cash used for investments in equity method investees was 92 million in Fiscal 2024 principally comprising continuing investments in renewable energy projects principally at Midstream Marketing. Net proceeds from the disposal of businesses and assets in Fiscal 2024 includes, among other things, proceeds from the sale of UGID. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities: 
 Changes in cash flow from financing activities are primarily due to issuances and repayments of long-term debt; net short-term borrowings; dividends on UGI Common Stock; quarterly payments on outstanding Purchase Contracts; and issuances and repurchases of equity instruments. 
 Cash flow used by financing activities was 506 million in Fiscal 2024 compared to cash flow used by financing activities of 168 million in Fiscal 2023. Cash flow from financing activities in Fiscal 2024 includes, among other things, the June 2024 issuance by UGI Corporation of the previously mentioned 700 million of the UGI Corporation 5.00 Senior Notes and UGI Utilities issuance of 250 million principal amount of senior notes. Proceeds from the UGI Corporation 5.00 Senior Notes were used to reduce amounts outstanding under UGI Corporation s revolving credit facility, to repay its outstanding variable-rate amortizing term loan, and to fund a capital contribution to the Partnership in the amount of 315 million which, along with other sources of liquidity, the Partnership used to repurchase 475 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.50 Senior Notes. Fiscal 2023 cash flow from financing activities includes, among other things, the cash flow effects from (1) the UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement and the concurrent repayment of borrowings under the UGI International Credit Agreement (a predecessor agreement); (2) cash proceeds from the Energy Services Amended Term Loan Agreement and the concurrent repayment of amounts outstanding under the Energy Services variable-rate term loan; and (3) the May 2023 issuance of 500 million principal amount of AmeriGas Partners 9.375 Senior Notes and the repayment of 675 million aggregate principal balance of AmeriGas Partners 5.625 Senior Notes. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 In the following table, we present capital expenditures (which exclude acquisitions of businesses and assets) for Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023. We also provide amounts we expect to spend on capital expenditures in Fiscal 2025. We expect to finance a substantial portion of our Fiscal 2025 capital expenditures from cash generated by operations and cash on hand. 
 (Millions of dollars) 2025 (estimate) 2024 2023 Utilities 550 482 563 Midstream Marketing 114 150 130 UGI International 102 87 129 AmeriGas Propane 78 86 134 Total 844 805 956 
 
 The decrease in capital expenditures in Fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by a targeted reduction in capital spend as UGI prioritizes its efforts to maintain cost and capital discipline to create greater financial flexibility and capacity within the balance sheet. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Cash Obligations and Commitments 
 The Company has contractual cash obligations that extend beyond Fiscal 2024. The following table presents contractual cash obligations with non-affiliates under agreements existing as of September 30, 2024: 
 Payments Due by Period (Millions of dollars) Total Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 - 2027 Fiscal 2028 - 2029 Thereafter Short-term borrowings (a) 465 465 Long-term debt (a) 6,733 235 1,541 1,587 3,370 Interest on long-term fixed-rate debt (a)(b)(c) 2,349 362 647 377 963 Operating leases 500 102 163 113 122 AmeriGas Propane supply contracts 7 7 UGI International supply contracts 408 408 Midstream Marketing supply contracts 875 241 216 121 297 Utilities construction, supply, storage and transportation contracts 733 213 253 108 159 Derivative instruments (d) 37 17 20 Total 12,107 2,050 2,840 2,306 4,911 
 (a) Based upon stated maturity dates for debt outstanding at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, borrowings outstanding under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement totaling 630 million have been classified as Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on the Company s intent and ability to refinance the obligation with long-term debt issued under the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Based upon stated interest rates adjusted for the effects of interest rate swaps. 
 (c) Calculated using applicable interest rates or forward interest rate curves, and UGI s and its subsidiaries leverage ratios, as of September 30, 2024. 
 (d) Represents the sum of amounts due if derivative instrument liabilities were settled at the September 30, 2024 amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet (but excluding amounts associated with interest rate contracts). 
 Other noncurrent liabilities included in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024, principally comprise operating lease liabilities; regulatory liabilities; refundable tank and cylinder deposits; litigation, property and casualty liabilities and obligations under environmental remediation agreements; pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities recorded in accordance with accounting guidance relating to employee retirement plans; and liabilities associated with executive compensation plans. These liabilities, with the exception of operating lease liabilities, are not included in the table of Contractual Cash Obligations and Commitments because they are estimates of future payments and not contractually fixed as to timing or amount. The minimum required contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans (as further described below under U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2025 are not expected to be material. The minimum required contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans in years beyond Fiscal 2025 will depend, in large part, on the impacts of future returns on pension plan assets and interest rates on pension plan liabilities. 
 U.S. Pension Plans 
 The U.S. Pension Plans consist of (1) a defined benefit pension plan for employees hired prior to January 1, 2009, of UGI, UGI Utilities, and certain of UGI s other domestic wholly owned subsidiaries, and (2) a defined benefit pension plan for Mountaineer employees hired prior to January 1, 2023. The fair values of the U.S. Pension Plans assets totaled 635 million and 539 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the underfunded positions of the U.S. Pension Plans, defined as the excess of the PBO over the U.S. Pension Plans assets, were 38 million and 55 million, respectively. 
 We believe we are in compliance with regulations governing defined benefit pension plans, including the ERISA rules and regulations. The minimum required contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2025 are not expected to be material. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 GAAP guidance associated with pension and other postretirement plans generally requires recognition of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position reflecting the funded status of pension and other postretirement benefit plans with current year changes recognized in shareholders equity unless such amounts are subject to regulatory recovery. At September 30, 2024, we have recorded pre-tax charges to UGI Corporation s stockholders equity of 3 million and recorded regulatory assets totaling 106 million in order to reflect the funded status of the U.S. Pension Plans. For a more detailed discussion of the U.S. Pension Plans and our other postretirement benefit plans, see Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Related Party Transactions 
 During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, we did not enter into any related-party transactions that had a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
 UGI primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. These arrangements are not subject to the recognition and measurement guidance relating to guarantees under GAAP. 
 We do not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements that are expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, change in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Utility Regulatory Matters 
 UGI Utilities. On January 27, 2023, Electric Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution revenues by 11 million. On September 21, 2023, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a 9 million annual base distribution rate increase for Electric Utility, effective October 1, 2023. 
 On January 28, 2022, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its base operating revenues for residential, commercial and industrial customers by 83 million annually. On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a 49 million annual base distribution rate increase for PA Gas Utility, through a phased approach, with 38 million beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional 11 million beginning October 1, 2023. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was not permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024. Also in accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was authorized to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a five-year pilot program beginning on November 1, 2022. Under this rider, when weather deviates from normal by more than 3 , residential and small commercial customer billings for distribution services are adjusted monthly for weather related impacts exceeding the 3 threshold. Additionally, under the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was authorized to implement a DSIC once its total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reached 3,368 million (which threshold was achieved in September 2022). 
 Mountaineer. On July 31, 2024, Mountaineer submitted its 2024 IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting recovery of 19 million, which includes 3 million of prior year under-recovery, for costs associated with capital investments after December 31, 2022, that total 197 million, including 74 million in calendar year 2025. The filing included capital investments totaling 418 million over the 2025 - 2029 period. On October 28, 2024, the WVPSC issued an order approving Mountaineer s request. 
 On July 31, 2023, Mountaineer submitted its 2023 IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting recovery of 10 million, an increase of 6 million, for costs associated with capital investments after December 31, 2022, that total 131 million, including 67 million in calendar year 2024. With new base rates expected to be effective January 1, 2024, revenues from IREP rates would decrease by 12 million. The filing included capital investments totaling 383 million over the 2024 - 2028 period. On December 20, 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving a settlement effective January 1, 2024. 
 On March 6, 2023, Mountaineer submitted a base rate case filing with the WVPSC seeking a net revenue increase of 20 million, which consisted of an increase in base rates of 38 million and a decrease in the IREP rates of 18 million annually to be effective on April 5, 2023. On March 31, 2023, the WVPSC suspended the effective date of the requested rate change increase until January 1, 2024 to allow for a full review of the filing. On October 6, 2023, Mountaineer filed a joint stipulation and agreement for settlement of the base rate case, which included a 14 million net revenue increase. On December 21, 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving the joint stipulation and agreement, except the WVPSC authorized Mountaineer to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a five-year pilot program beginning on October 1, 2024. The new rates went into effect on January 1, 2024. On April 11, 2024 the WVPSC approved the calculation methodology submitted by Mountaineer on March 28, 2024. Under this rider, when weather deviates from normal by more than 2 , for service rendered during the period October 1 through May 31, residential and small commercial customer billings for distribution services are adjusted for weather related impacts exceeding the 2 threshold. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 On July 29, 2022, Mountaineer submitted its 2022 IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting recovery of costs associated with capital investments totaling 354 million over the 2023 - 2027 period, including 64 million in calendar year 2023. On November 16, 2022, Mountaineer and the intervening parties submitted a joint stipulation and agreement for settlement to the WVPSC requesting approval of 2023 IREP revenue of 22 million to be charged effective January 1, 2023, which includes the recovery of a 1 million under-recovery of 2021 IREP revenue. On December 21, 2022, the WVPSC issued an order approving the joint stipulation and agreement for settlement as filed. 
 Other Matters 
 West Reading, Pennsylvania Explosion . On March 24, 2023, an explosion occurred in West Reading, Pennsylvania which resulted in seven fatalities, significant injuries to eleven others, and extensive property damage to buildings owned by R.M. Palmer, a local chocolate manufacturer, and other neighboring structures. The NTSB and the PAPUC are investigating the West Reading incident. On July 18, 2023, the NTSB issued an Investigative Update in its ongoing investigation. The report identifies a fracture in a retired UGI gas service tee and a fracture in a nearby steam system, but it does not address causation of the fractures or the explosion. The NTSB investigative team includes representatives from the Company, the PAPUC, the local fire department and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. The Company is cooperating with the investigation. The NTSB may invite other parties to participate. In September 2023, OSHA closed their investigation of this matter, without any finding pertaining to UGI Utilities. 
 While the investigation into this incident is still underway and the cause of the explosion has not been determined, the Company has received claims as a result of the explosion and is involved in lawsuits relative to the incident. The Company maintains liability insurance for personal injury, property and casualty damages and believes that third-party claims associated with the explosion, in excess of the Company s deductible, are recoverable through the Company s insurance. The Company cannot predict the result of these pending or future claims and legal actions at this time. 
 Regarding these pending claims and legal actions, the Company does not believe, at this early stage, that there is sufficient information available to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, or conclude that the final outcome of these matters will or will not have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Market Risk Disclosures 
 
 Our primary market risk exposures are (1) commodity price risk; (2) interest rate risk; and (3) foreign currency exchange rate risk. Although we use derivative financial and commodity instruments to reduce market price risk associated with forecasted transactions, we do not use derivative financial and commodity instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The risk associated with fluctuations in the prices the Partnership and our UGI International operations pay for LPG is principally a result of market forces reflecting changes in supply and demand for LPG and other energy commodities. Their profitability is sensitive to changes in LPG supply costs. Increases in supply costs are generally passed on to customers. The Partnership and UGI International may not, however, always be able to pass through product cost increases fully or on a timely basis, particularly when product costs rise rapidly. In order to reduce the volatility of LPG market price risk, the Partnership uses contracts for the forward purchase or sale of propane, propane fixed-price supply agreements and over-the-counter derivative commodity instruments including price swap and option contracts. Our UGI International operations use over-the-counter derivative commodity instruments and may from time to time enter into other derivative contracts, similar to those used by the Partnership, to reduce market risk associated with a portion of their LPG purchases. Over-the-counter derivative commodity instruments used to economically hedge forecasted purchases of LPG are generally settled at expiration of the contract. 
 
 Utilities tariffs contain clauses that permit recovery of all prudently incurred costs of natural gas it sells to its retail core-market customers, including the cost of financial instruments used to hedge purchased gas costs. The recovery clauses provide for periodic adjustments for the difference between the total amounts actually billed to customers through PGC and PGA rates and the recoverable costs incurred. Because of this ratemaking mechanism, there is limited commodity price risk associated with our Utilities operations. PA Gas Utility uses derivative financial instruments, including natural gas futures and option contracts traded on the NYMEX, to reduce volatility in the cost of gas it purchases for its retail core-market customers. The cost of these derivative financial instruments, net of any associated gains or losses, is included in PA Gas Utility's PGC recovery mechanism. 
 
 In order to manage market price risk relating to substantially all of Midstream Marketing s fixed-price sale contracts for physical natural gas and electricity, Midstream Marketing enters into NYMEX, ICE and over-the-counter natural gas and electricity futures and option contracts, and natural gas basis swap contracts or enters into fixed-price supply arrangements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Midstream Marketing also uses NYMEX and over-the-counter electricity futures contracts to economically hedge a portion of its anticipated sales of electricity from its electricity generation facilities. Although Midstream Marketing s fixed-price supply arrangements mitigate significant risks associated with its fixed-price sales contracts, should any of the suppliers under these arrangements fail to perform, increases, if any, in the cost of replacement natural gas or electricity would adversely impact Midstream Marketing s results. Any volume deviations from the amounts forecasted under fixed-price requirement sale contracts, would introduce price risks, which could adversely impact Midstream Marketing s results. In order to reduce this risk of supplier nonperformance, Midstream Marketing has diversified its purchases across a number of suppliers. UGI International s natural gas and electricity marketing businesses also use natural gas and electricity futures and forward contracts to economically hedge market risk associated with a substantial portion of anticipated volumes under fixed-price sales and purchase contracts. See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements regarding recent transactions related to UGI International s energy marketing business. 
 
 Prior to the Fiscal 2024 disposition of the Company s ownership interest in UGID, Midstream Marketing had entered into fixed-price sales agreements for a portion of the electricity expected to be generated by its electric generation assets. In the event that these generation assets would not be able to produce all of the electricity needed to supply electricity under these agreements, Midstream Marketing would be required to purchase electricity on the spot market or under contract with other electricity suppliers. Accordingly, increases in the cost of replacement power could negatively impact Midstream Marketing s results. See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the sale of UGID. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. Changes in interest rates impact the cash flows of variable-rate debt but generally do not impact their fair value. Conversely, changes in interest rates impact the fair value of fixed-rate debt but do not impact their cash flows. 
 
 Our variable-rate debt at September 30, 2024, includes revolving credit facility borrowings and variable-rate term loans at UGI International, Utilities, Midstream Marketing and UGI Corporation. These debt agreements have interest rates that are generally indexed to short-term market interest rates. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap agreements on all or a significant portion of the term loans principal balances and all or a significant portion of the term loans tenor. We have designated these interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges. At September 30, 2024, combined borrowings outstanding under variable-rate debt agreements, excluding the previously mentioned effectively fixed-rate debt, totaled 732 million. Based upon average borrowings outstanding under variable-rate borrowings (excluding effectively fixed-rate term loan debt), an increase in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1 would have increased our Fiscal 2024 interest expense by approximately 9 million. The remainder of our debt outstanding is subject to fixed rates of interest. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would result in decreases in the fair value of this fixed-rate debt of approximately 230 million at September 30, 2024. A 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates would result in increases in the fair value of this fixed-rate debt of approximately 250 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Long-term debt associated with our domestic businesses is typically issued at fixed rates of interest based upon market rates for debt with similar terms and credit ratings. As these long-term debt issues mature, we may refinance such debt with new debt having interest rates reflecting then-current market conditions. In order to reduce interest rate risk associated with near- to medium-term forecasted issuances of fixed rate debt, from time to time we enter into IRPAs. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Our primary currency exchange rate risk is associated with the USD versus the euro and, to a lesser extent, the USD versus the British pound sterling. The USD value of our foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities will fluctuate with changes in the associated foreign currency exchange rates. From time to time, we use derivative instruments to hedge portions of our net investments in foreign subsidiaries, including anticipated foreign currency denominated dividends. Gains or losses on these net investment hedges remain in AOCI until such foreign operations are sold or liquidated. With respect to our net investments in our UGI International operations, a 10 decline in the value of the associated foreign currencies versus the USD would reduce their aggregate net book value at September 30, 2024, by approximately 70 million, which amount would be reflected in other comprehensive income. We have designated certain euro-denominated borrowings as net investment hedges. 
 In order to reduce the volatility in net income associated with our foreign operations, principally as a result of changes in the USD exchange rate between the euro and British pound sterling, we enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts. We layer in these foreign currency exchange contracts over a multi-year period to eventually equal approximately 90 of anticipated UGI International foreign currency earnings before income taxes. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative Instrument Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our derivative instrument counterparties. Our derivative instrument counterparties principally comprise large energy companies and major U.S. and international financial institutions. We maintain credit policies with regard to our counterparties that we believe reduce overall credit risk. These policies include evaluating and monitoring our counterparties financial condition, including their credit ratings, and entering into agreements with counterparties that govern credit limits or entering into netting agreements that allow for offsetting counterparty receivable and payable balances for certain financial transactions, as deemed appropriate. 
 We have concentrations of credit risk associated with derivative instruments and we evaluate the creditworthiness of our derivative counterparties on an ongoing basis. As of September 30, 2024, the maximum amount of loss, based upon the gross fair values of the derivative instruments, we would incur if these counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of their contracts was 140 million. In general, many of our over-the-counter derivative instruments and all exchange contracts call for the posting of collateral by the counterparty or by the Company in the forms of letters of credit, parental guarantees or cash. At September 30, 2024, we had received cash collateral from derivative instrument counterparties totaling 14 million. In addition, we may have offsetting derivative liabilities and certain accounts payable balances with certain of these counterparties, which further mitigates the previously mentioned maximum amount of losses. Certain of the Partnership s derivative contracts have credit-risk-related contingent features that may require the posting of additional collateral in the event of a downgrade of the Partnership s debt rating. At September 30, 2024, if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered, the amount of collateral required to be posted would not be material. 
 The following table summarizes the fair values of unsettled market risk sensitive derivative instrument assets (liabilities) held at September 30, 2024 and changes in their fair values due to market risks. Certain of UGI Utilities commodity derivative instruments are excluded from the table below because any associated net gains or losses are refundable to or recoverable from customers in accordance with UGI Utilities ratemaking. 
 Asset (Liability) (Millions of dollars) Fair Value Change in Fair Value September 30, 2024 Commodity price risk (1) (22) (105) Interest rate risk (2) (21) (15) Foreign currency exchange rate risk (3) (3) (45) 
 (1) Change in fair value represents a 10 adverse change in the market prices of certain commodities 
 (2) Change in fair value represents a 50 basis point adverse change in prevailing market interest rates 
 (3) Change in fair value represents a 10 adverse change in the value of the Euro and the British pound sterling versus the USD. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The accounting policies and estimates discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. The application of these accounting policies and estimates necessarily requires management s most subjective or complex judgments regarding estimates and projected outcomes of future events. Changes in these policies and estimates could have a material effect on our financial statements. Management has reviewed these critical accounting policies, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, with the Company s Audit Committee. Also, see Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements which discusses our significant accounting policies. 
 Goodwill Impairment Evaluation. Our goodwill is the result of business acquisitions. We do not amortize goodwill, but test it at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment (a component), if it constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. Components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. A reporting unit with goodwill is required to perform an impairment test annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 For certain of our reporting units with goodwill, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of such reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For our other reporting units with goodwill, we bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative assessment by comparing the fair values of the reporting units with their carrying amounts, including goodwill. We determine fair values generally based on a weighting of income and market approaches. For purposes of the income approach, fair values are determined based upon the present value of the reporting unit s estimated future cash flows, including an estimate of the reporting unit s terminal value based upon these cash flows, discounted at appropriate risk-adjusted rates. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows, which may include estimates of long-term future growth rates based upon our most recent reviews of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. Cash flow estimates used to establish fair values under our income approach involve management judgments based on a broad range of information and historical results. In addition, external economic and competitive conditions can influence future performance. For purposes of the market approach, we use valuation multiples for companies comparable to our reporting units. The market approach requires judgment to determine the appropriate valuation multiples. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such excess but not to exceed the total amount of the goodwill of the reporting unit. 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, as part of its annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company performed a quantitative assessment for its AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. In addition, during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company identified interim impairment indicators related to goodwill within the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit: (1) AmeriGas Partners issued 500 million of Senior Notes at an interest rate of 9.375 , which was significantly higher than the interest rates on the other AmeriGas Propane debt obligations; and (2) financial projections for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit were reduced significantly compared to previous forecasts following declines in gross margins and customer retention and higher operating expenses. The Company concluded that these events constituted triggering events that indicate that the AmeriGas Propane goodwill may be impaired and, as such, performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Using level 3 inputs, we performed a quantitative assessment of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit using a weighting of the income and market approaches to determine its fair value. With respect to the income approach, management used a discounted cash flow DCF method, using unobservable inputs. The significant assumptions in our DCF model include projected EBITDA and a discount rate (and estimates in the discount rate inputs). With respect to the market approach, management used recent transaction market multiples for similar companies in the U.S. The resulting estimates of fair value from the income approach and the market approach were then weighted equally in determining the overall estimated fair value of AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 Based on our evaluations in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the estimated fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of 195 million and 656 million in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, included in Impairment of goodwill on the Consolidated Statements of Income, to reduce the carrying value of AmeriGas Propane to its fair value. The Company calculated the deferred tax effect using the simultaneous equation method. 
 
 The performance of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and the potential for future developments in the global economic environment, including the prospect of higher interest rates, introduces a heightened risk for additional impairment in the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. If there is continued deterioration in the results of operations, a portion or all of the remaining recorded goodwill for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, which was 1.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, could be subject to further impairment. 
 With respect to UGI International's Fiscal 2024 goodwill impairment test, the Company bypassed the qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment. Such assessment used a weighting of income and market approaches to determine fair value. With respect to the income approach, management used a discounted cash flow DCF method, using unobservable inputs. The significant assumptions in our DCF model include projected EBITDA, and a discount rate (and estimates in the discount rate inputs). With respect to the market approach, management used recent transaction market multiples for similar companies. Based on our evaluation, we determined that UGI International s fair value exceeded its carrying value by less than 30 . While the Company believes that its judgments used in the quantitative assessment of UGI International s fair value are reasonable based upon currently available facts and circumstances, if UGI International were not able to achieve its anticipated results and/or if its discount rate were to increase, its fair value would be adversely affected, which may result in an impairment. There is 950 million of goodwill in this reporting unit as of September 30, 2024. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated goodwill impairment was 851 million and 656 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Except for the previously mentioned impairment charges at the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, there were no other impairments of goodwill recognized in all periods presented. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. An impairment test for long-lived assets (or an asset group) is required when circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired. If it is determined that a triggering event has occurred, we perform a recoverability test based upon estimated undiscounted cash flow projections expected to be realized over the remaining useful life of the long-lived asset. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the recoverability test are less than the long-lived asset's carrying amount, we determine its fair value. If the fair value is determined to be less than its carrying amount, the long-lived asset is reduced to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to such shortfall. When determining whether a long-lived asset has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows that are independent of other assets. Performing an impairment test on long-lived assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying when a triggering event requiring evaluation occurs; identifying and grouping assets; and, if the undiscounted cash flows used in the recoverability test are less than the long-lived asset's carrying amount, determining the fair value of the long-lived asset. Although cash flow estimates are based upon relevant information at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are by nature highly uncertain and contemplate factors that change over time such as the expected use of the asset including future production and sales volumes, expected fluctuations in prices of commodities and expected proceeds from disposition. 
 The impairments of AmeriGas Propane s goodwill were determined to be a triggering event requiring an impairment analysis of AmeriGas Propane s long-lived and definite lived intangible assets. Accordingly, the Company performed a recoverability test of AmeriGas Propane s long-lived assets, including ROU assets and definite lived intangible assets, as of July 31, 2024, the measurement date of our annual goodwill impairment test, and May 31, 2023, using estimated undiscounted cash flow projections expected to be generated over the remaining useful life of the primary asset of the asset group at the lowest level with identifiable cash flows that are independent of other assets. Based on the recoverability tests performed, we determined that (1) AmeriGas Propane s long-lived assets, including ROU assets and definite lived intangible assets, were recoverable and, as such, no impairment charges were recorded; and (2) no adjustments to the remaining useful lives were necessary as of July 31, 2024 and May 31, 2023. 
 See Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the impairment loss associated with the disposal of UGID during Fiscal 2024. No other material provisions for impairments of long-lived assets were recorded during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023. 
 Loss Contingencies and Environmental Remediation Liabilities. We are involved in litigation that arises in the normal course of business, and we are subject to risk of loss for general, automobile and product liability and workers compensation claims for which we obtain insurance coverage subject to self-insured retentions or deductibles. We are also subject to environmental laws and regulations intended to mitigate or remove the effects of past operations and improve or maintain the quality of the environment. These laws and regulations require the removal or remedy of the effect on the environment of the disposal or release of certain specified hazardous substances at current or former operating sites. 
 We establish reserves for loss contingencies including pending litigation, and for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general and product liability, automobile and workers compensation when it is probable that a liability exists and the amount or range of amounts related to such liability can be reasonably estimated. When no amount within a range of possible loss is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, liabilities recorded are based upon the low end of the range. With respect to unasserted claims arising from unreported incidents, we may use the work of specialists to estimate the ultimate losses to be incurred using actuarially determined loss development factors applied to actual claims data. 
 The likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular loss contingency is often difficult to predict. In addition, a reasonable estimate of the loss, or a range of possible loss, may not be practicable based upon the information available and the potential effects of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the loss contingency. Reasonable estimates involve management judgments based on a broad range of information and prior experience. For litigation and pending claims including those covered by insurance policies, the analysis of probable loss is performed on a case by case basis and includes an evaluation of the nature of the claim, the procedural status of the matter, the probability or likelihood of success in prosecuting or defending the claim, the information available with respect to the claim, the opinions and views of outside counsel and other advisors, and past experience in similar matters. These judgments are reviewed quarterly as more information is received, and the amounts reserved are updated as necessary. Our estimated reserves for loss contingencies and for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general and product liability, automobile and workers compensation may differ materially from the ultimate liability and such reserves may change materially as more information becomes available and estimated reserves are adjusted. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 We accrue reserves for environmental remediation when assessments indicate that it is probable a liability has been incurred and an amount can be reasonably estimated. Amounts recorded as environmental liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets represent our best estimate of costs expected to be incurred or, if no best estimate can be made, the minimum liability associated with a range of expected environmental investigation and remediation costs. These estimates are based upon a number of factors including whether the company will be responsible for such remediation, the scope and cost of the remediation work to be performed, the portion of costs that will be shared with other potentially responsible parties, the timing of the remediation and possible impact of changes in technology, and the regulations and requirements of local governmental authorities. Our estimated reserves for environmental remediation may differ materially from the ultimate liability and such reserves may change materially as more information becomes available and estimated reserves are adjusted. PA Gas Utility receives ratemaking recognition of environmental investigation and remediation costs associated with its in-state environmental sites. This ratemaking recognition balances the accumulated difference between historical costs and rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated with the sites. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities. The accounting for our rate regulated gas and electric utility businesses differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that these businesses are required to reflect the effects of rate regulation in the consolidated financial statements. Regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated businesses. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Similarly, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. We continually assess whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by evaluating the regulatory environment, recent rate orders and public statements issued by the PAPUC, WVPSC and MDPSC, and discussions with regulatory authorities and legal counsel. If future recovery of regulatory assets ceases to be probable, the elimination of those regulatory assets would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, our regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities totaled 319 million and 329 million, respectively. For additional information on regulatory assets and liabilities, see Notes 2 and 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. We recognize the tax benefits from income tax positions that have a greater than more likely than not likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. A liability is recorded for uncertain tax positions where it is more likely than not the position may not be sustained based on its technical merits. We use assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our current provision for income taxes. We also use assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance to be recorded against a deferred tax asset. The interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income tax give consideration to current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. Changes in tax law or our interpretation thereof and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the amount of deferred income taxes take into account estimates of the amount of future taxable income. Actual taxable income or future estimates of taxable income could render our current assumptions, judgments and estimates inaccurate. Changes in the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause our actual income tax obligations to differ significantly from our estimates. As of September 30, 2024, our net deferred tax liabilities totaled 910 million. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting guidance. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk are contained in Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Market Risk Disclosures and are incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A and the financial statements and financial statement schedules referred to in the Index contained on page F-2 of this Report are incorporated herein by reference. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Principal Accountant 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of UGI Corporation approved the appointment of KPMG, LLP KPMG as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025 and the dismissal of Ernst Young LLP EY ). 
 
 During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and in the subsequent period through October 23, 2024, (i) there were no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) between the Company and EY on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of EY, would have caused EY to make reference thereto in its reports, and (ii) there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company's management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Notwithstanding the existence of the material weakness, we have concluded that the Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, the results of our operations and our cash flows for each of the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management has conducted an assessment, including testing, of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process, designed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changing conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Based on its assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the material weakness described below. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The Company conducted its annual goodwill impairment analysis relating to the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. In connection with that analysis, the Company s internal controls to review the cash flow projections, used in the goodwill impairment analysis on a timely basis and in sufficient detail were not operating effectively. The goodwill impairment analysis was ultimately completed prior to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024 and resulted in an impairment of goodwill. This deficiency represents a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting at September 30, 2024. Notwithstanding the existence of the material weakness, we have concluded that the Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, the results of our operations and our cash flows for each of the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which contains an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report included herein. 
 
 (c) Remediation Plan 
 
 Management will design and implement additional controls to timely validate cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test, including the engagement of a third-party specialist to assist developing valuation models and establishing sound and reasonable assumptions. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the material weakness as described above, during the most recent fiscal quarter, no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of UGI Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited UGI Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, UGI Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment: Management has identified a material weakness in the Company s goodwill impairment process relating to the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a). This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal year 2024 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated November 26, 2024, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 November 26, 2024 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation-S-K. Further, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not adopt or terminate a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation-S-K. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 PART III: 

ITEMS 10 THROUGH 14. 
 
 In accordance with General Instruction G(3), and except as set forth below, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the following portions of UGI s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC by December 31, 2024. 
 Information Captions of Proxy Statement Incorporated by Reference Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Election of Directors - Nominees; Corporate Governance; Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available without charge on the Company s website, www.ugicorp.com under the caption Company - Leadership and Governance - Governance Documents , or by writing to Director, Investor Relations, UGI Corporation, P. O. Box 858, Valley Forge, PA 19482. We will disclose on the Company s website any waiver from or amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition in Item 406(b) of Regulations S-K. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy. 
 The Company has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. A copy of the Company s Insider Trading Policy has been filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation of Directors; Report of the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors; Compensation Discussion and Analysis; Compensation of Executive Officers; Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Corporate Governance - Director Independence; Corporate Governance - Board and Committee Structure; Corporate Governance - Selection of Board Candidates; Policy for Approval of Related Person Transactions 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Table 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of the end of Fiscal 2024 with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 8,154,066 (1) 41.32 15,293,516 (2) 1,223,190 (3) 0 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Total 
 9,377,256 41.32 (4) 
 (1) Represents stock option awards issued to employees and non-employees under the compensation plans: the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, the 2013 Plan and the 2004 Plan. The UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan was approved by shareholders on January 29, 2021. 
 (2) Represents securities remaining for issuance under the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan. The UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan uses a share pool under which each share issued pursuant to a stock option or stock appreciation right reduces the number of shares available by one share, and each share issued pursuant to awards other than stock options or stock appreciation rights reduces the number of shares available by three (3) shares. 
 (3) Represents UGI Stock Units and UGI Performance Units issued to employees and non-employees, under compensation plans including the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan. There is no exercise price associated with these awards. 
 (4) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options; excludes restricted stock units. 
 The information concerning the Company s executive officers required by Item 10 is set forth below. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Name Age Position Robert C. Flexon 66 President and Chief Executive Officer Sean P. O Brien 55 Chief Financial Officer Robert F. Beard, Jr. 59 Chief Operations Officer 
 John Koerwer 64 Chief Information Officer Kathleen Shea Ballay 59 General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer 
 Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop 48 Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 
 
 All officers are elected for a one-year term at the organizational meeting of the Board of Directors held each year. 
 
 There are no family relationships between any of the officers or between any of the officers and any of the directors. 
 
 Robert C. Flexon 
 
 Mr. Flexon is President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Corporation (since November 1, 2024) and a member of UGI s Board of Directors. Mr. Flexon also serves as Chair of the Board of Nexus Water Group, a privately held company, a position he has held since 2024 and currently serves as Chair of the Board of Capstone Green Energy Holdings, Inc., a position he has held since 2021. Mr. Flexon joined the Capstone Board as a director in 2018 and also served as Capstone s Interim President and Chief Executive Officer from August 2023 until March 2024 to lead the Company s restructuring. Mr. Flexon was previously Chair of the Board of Directors of PG E Corporation (NYSE: PCG), a position he held since the Company s emergence from Chapter 11 in 2020 until October 31, 2024. Beginning 2021, as a result of winter storm Uri, he served as a director of The Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc. and will depart the Board at the end of his term in December 2024. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Flexon previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer and Director of Dynegy Inc. (2011 to 2018). Prior to his service with Dynegy, Mr. Flexon was UGI s Chief Financial Officer (February 2011 to July 2011). Mr. Flexon joined UGI from Foster Wheeler AG (NASDAQ: FWLT), where he served as Chief Executive Officer in 2010, as President and Chief Executive Officer of Foster Wheeler USA from 2009 to 2010 and as a director of Foster Wheeler AG from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Flexon held various executive roles with NRG Energy, Inc. from 2004 to 2009, including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to 2004, Mr. Flexon held executive positions with Hercules, Inc. and served in various key positions with Atlantic Richfield Company, including General Auditor. He began his career as a CPA with the former Coopers Lybrand in Philadelphia from 1980 to 1987. 
 
 Sean P. O Brien 
 
 Mr. O Brien is Chief Financial Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2023). Prior to joining UGI Corporation, Mr. O Brien held various leadership positions at DCP Midstream, which he joined in 2009, including Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2012 to 2023), Senior Vice President, Treasurer (2011 to 2012) and Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis (2009 to 2011). Prior to joining DCP Midstream, Mr. O Brien served in financial roles of increasing responsibility at Duke Energy, including Divisional Chief Financial Officer, Commercial Business (2006 to 2009), and Vice President and Controller, Duke Energy Generation Services (2005 to 2006). Mr. O Brien is a certified public accountant with over 25 years of financial experience and energy industry experience. 
 
 Robert F. Beard, Jr. 
 
 Mr. Beard is Chief Operations Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2022), President, AmeriGas Propane, Inc. (June to November 2023; August 2024 to present) and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Utilities, Inc. (since 2011). He joined UGI in 2008 and most recently served as Executive Vice President, Natural Gas, Global Engineering Construction and Procurement of UGI Corporation (2021-2022) and Chief Executive Officer of Mountaineer Gas Company (2021-2022). Prior, he was Executive Vice President, Natural Gas of UGI Corporation (2018-2021) and previously served as President (2011-2020), Vice President - Marketing, Rates and Gas Supply (2010-2011) and Vice President - Southern Region (2008-2010) of UGI Utilities, Inc. Before joining UGI, Mr. Beard served as Vice President - Operations and Engineering of PPL Gas Utilities Corporation (2006-2008) and as Director - Operations and Engineering of PPL Gas Utilities Corporation (2002-2006). 
 
 John Koerwer 
 
 Mr. Koerwer is the Chief Information Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2020). Mr. Koerwer joined UGI as Vice President, Information Technology, for UGI International in 2016 and later was named Group CIO for UGI Corporation, responsible for the global IT strategy, operations, products and services to support both the domestic and international businesses units. Over a 30-year career in Information Technology, Mr. Koerwer has demonstrated leadership in leading transformations and aligning strategy and performance with diverse, global teams. Previously, Mr. Koerwer served in multiple IT/IS leadership roles for The Linde Group, a multi-national industrial gas company based in Munich, Germany. 
 
 Kathleen Shea Ballay 
 
 Ms. Shea Ballay is the General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer of UGI Corporation (since 2023). Prior to joining UGI Corporation, Ms. Shea Ballay served as General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer at Lotus Midstream, LLC, an independent energy company focused on the development of midstream infrastructure and distribution (2018 to 2023). Ms. Shea Ballay also served in various positions at Sunoco, including as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (2010 to 2017), and Deputy General Counsel, Assistant General Counsel Chief Commercial Counsel Chair, Corporate Transactions and Securities Group at Sunoco, Inc. (2005 to 2010). Prior to joining Sunoco, she spent 12 years as a Partner, Of Counsel and Associate at the law firm of Pepper Hamilton LLP (1993 to 2005). 
 
 Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop 
 
 Mr. Tematio Dontsop is the Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of UGI Corporation (since 2021). Mr. Tematio Dontsop most recently served as Vice President of Internal Audit for West Pharmaceuticals Services, Inc. in Exton, Pennsylvania (2020 to 2021). Previously, he held several roles of increasing responsibility over 15 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers, based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Paris, France, including Audit Director (2019 to 2020) and Audit Senior Manager (2011 to 2019). Mr. Tematio Dontsop also worked earlier in his career as an auditor for KPMG, based in Paris. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

PART IV: 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements: 
 Included under Item 8 are the following financial statements and supplementary data: 
 Management s Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: (on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company) 
 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 We have omitted all other financial statement schedules because the required information is (1) not present; (2) not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule; or (3) included elsewhere in the financial statements or related notes. 
 
 (3) List of Exhibits: 
 
 The exhibits filed as part of this report are as follows (exhibits incorporated by reference are set forth with the name of the registrant, the type of report and registration number or last date of the period for which it was filed, and the exhibit number in such filing): 
 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 3.1 (Second) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company as amended through June 6, 2005. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/05) 3.1 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of UGI Corporation. 
 UGI Form 8-K (7/29/14) 3.1 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of UGI Corporation, effective as of May 3, 2023. 
 UGI Form 8-K (5/3/23) 3.1 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 4.1 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. (The Company agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a copy of any instrument defining the rights of holders of long-term debt not required to be filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K). 4.2 The description of the Company s Common Stock contained in the Company s registration statement filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. UGI Form 8-B/A (4/17/96) 3.(4) 4.3 UGI Corporation s (Second) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws referred to in 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3 above. 4.4 Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1993, by and between UGI Utilities, Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on April 8, 1994. Utilities Registration Statement No. 33-77514 (4/8/94) 4(c) 4.5 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2006, by and between UGI Utilities, Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, successor trustee to Wachovia Bank, National Association. 
 Utilities Form 8-K (9/12/06) 4.2 4.6 Form of Note Purchase Agreement dated October 30, 2013 between the Company and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 Utilities Form 8-K (10/30/13) 4.1 4.7 Note Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2016 between the Company and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 Utilities Form 8-K (4/28/16) 4.1 4.8 Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2016, among AmeriGas Partners, L.P., AmeriGas Finance Corp., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 AmeriGas Partners, L.P. Form 8-K (6/27/16) 4.1 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2016, among AmeriGas Partners, L.P., AmeriGas Finance Corp., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 AmeriGas Partners, L.P. Form 8-K (6/27/16) 4.2 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 4.10 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 28, 2016, among AmeriGas Partners, L.P., AmeriGas Finance Corp., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including form of global note). 
 AmeriGas Partners, L.P. Form 8-K (12/28/16) 4.1 4.11 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2017, among AmeriGas Partners, L.P., AmeriGas Finance Corp., and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including form of global note). 
 AmeriGas Partners, L.P. Form 8-K (2/13/17) 4.1 4.12 Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2018, by and among International, the guarantors named therein, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, Elavon Financial Services DAC, as registrar and transfer agent, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent (including the form of Note) . 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/25/18) 4.1 4.13 Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2021, by and among UGI International, LLC, the guarantors named therein, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, Elavon Financial Services DAC, as registrar and transfer agent, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent (including the form of Note). 
 UGI Form 8-K (12/7/21) 4.1 4.14 Indenture, dated as of May 31, 2023, by and among AmeriGas Partners, L.P. and AmeriGas Finance Corp. (the Issuers) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of 2028 Notes). 
 UGI Form 8-K (5/31/23) 4.1 4.15 Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2024, between UGI Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/11/24) 4.1 4.16 Form of certificate representing the 5.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.15 (above)). 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/11/24) 4.2 4.17 Form of Note Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2018 between the Company and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (12/31/18) 4.1 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 4.18 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (3/19/20) 4.1 4.19 Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 7, 2021, by and among UGI Utilities, Inc. and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (5/4/21) 4.1 4.20 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and among UGI Utilities, Inc. and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/30/22) 4.1 4.21 Note Purchase Agreement dated November 30, 2023 by and among UGI Utilities, Inc. and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (11/30/23) 4.1 4.22 Note Purchase Agreement dated November 14, 2024 by and among UGI Utilities, Inc. and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (11/14/24) 4.1 4.23 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and among Mountaineer Gas Company and the purchasers listed as signatories thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/30/22) 4.2 4.24 Acknowledgement, dated as of October 23, 2023, to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Mountaineer Gas Company, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/23) 4.20 4.25 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 10.1 UGI Corporation 2004 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan Amended and Restated as of September 5, 2014. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/16) 10.25 10.2 UGI Corporation 2004 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan Amended and Restated as of September 5, 2014 - Terms and Conditions as effective January 1, 2016. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/16) 10.26 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.3 UGI Corporation 2009 Deferral Plan, as Amended and Restated effective June 15, 2017. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/17) 10.6 10.4 UGI Corporation 2009 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for New Employees, as Amended and Restated as of June 15, 2017. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/17) 10.1 10.5 UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, effective as of September 5, 2014 . 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/16) 10.30 10.6 UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Terms and Conditions for Non-Employee Directors, effective January 1, 2019. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/19) 10.6 10.7 UGI Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan, as Amended and Restated effective April 1, 2015. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/17) 10.26 10.8 UGI Corporation Executive Annual Bonus Plan as amended November 15, 2018. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/19) 10.7 10.9 UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan. 
 UGI Form S-8 (2/4/21) 4.4 10.10 UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, Terms and Conditions for Non-Employee Directors, effective February 1, 2021. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/22) 10.10 10.11 UGI Corporation Executive Severance Plan, as effective October 1, 2021. 
 UGI Form 8-K (9/29/21) 10.1 10.12 Form of UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/21) 10.1 10.13 Form of UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/21) 10.2 10.14 Form of UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Unit Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/21) 10.3 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.15 Form of UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Letter for Non-Employee Directors. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/21) 10.4 10.16 Form of UGI Corporation 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Unit Grant Letter for Non-Employee Directors. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/21) 10.5 10.17 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Letter for Non-Employee Directors. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/22) 10.17 10.18 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Letter for Non-Employee Directors. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/22) 10.18 10.19 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/21) 10.1 10.20 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/21) 10.2 10.21 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Stock Unit Grant Letter for all US Employees. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (6/30/21) 10.3 10.22 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for NEOs (EPS). 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/23) 10.3 10.23 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for Employees (EPS). 
 10.24 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for US Employees (TSR). 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/23) 10.4 10.25 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between UGI Corporation and Mr. Robert F. Beard. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (12/31/22) 10.1 10.26 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between UGI Corporation and Mr. Sean P. O Brien. 
 UGI Form 10-Q (3/31/23) 10.2 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.27 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between UGI Corporation and Mr. John Koerwer. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/23) 10.28 10.28 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between UGI Corporation and Mr. Robert C Flexon. 
 10.29 Form of Change in Control Agreement between UGI Corporation and Messrs. Flexon, Beard, O Brien and Koerwer and Ms. Shea Ballay . 
 10.30 Separation Agreement and General Release by and between UGI Corporation and Roger Perreault . 
 UGI Form 8-K/A (12/12/23) 10.1 10.31 Consulting Services Agreement by and between UGI Corporation and Roger Perreault. 
 UGI Form 8-K/A (12/12/23) 10.2 10.32 Form of Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, as amended through and including Amendment No. 18 thereto dated October 27, 2017, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/17) 10.38 10.33 Amendment No. 19, dated as of October 26, 2018, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001 (as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time), by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/26/18) 10.1 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.34 Amendment No. 20, dated as of October 25, 2019, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001 (as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time), by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/25/19) 10.1 10.35 Amendment No. 21, dated as of October 23, 2020, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/23/20) 10.1 10.36 Amendment No. 22, dated as of October 22, 2021, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/22/21) 10.1 10.37 Amendment No. 23, dated as of October 21, 2022, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/20/22) 10.2 10.38 Amendment No. 24, dated as of October 20, 2023, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/20/23) 10.1 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.39 Amendment No. 25, dated as of October 18, 2024, to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as servicer, Energy Services Funding Corporation, as seller, and PNC Bank, National Association, as issuer and administrator. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/24/24) 10.1 10.40 Form of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2001, as amended through and including Amendment No. 4 thereto dated October 1, 2013, by and between UGI Energy Services, LLC and Energy Services Funding Corporation. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/17) 10.39 10.41 FSS Service Agreement No. 79028 effective as of December 1, 2019 by and between Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC and UGI Utilities, Inc. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/19) 10.40 10.42 SST Service Agreement No. 79133 effective as of December 1, 2019 by and between Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC and UGI Utilities, Inc. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/19) 10.41 10.43 Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective November 1, 2015. 
 Utilities Form 10-K (9/30/16) 10.19 10.44 First Amendment, dated November 1, 2020, to Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement First Amendment, dated November 1, 2020, to Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective November 1, 2015. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/20) 10.41 10.45 Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective November 1, 2020. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/20) 10.42 10.46 Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective November 1, 2021. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/21) 10.47 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.47 Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective December 1, 2024. 
 10.48 Credit Agreement, dated October 31, 2017, by and among UGI Utilities, Inc., PNC Bank National Association, as administrative agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, as syndication agent, and certain other lenders named therein. 
 Utilities Form 8-K (10/31/17) 10.1 10.49 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 12, 2022, by and among UGI Utilities, Inc., the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (7/21/22) 10.1 10.50 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as borrower, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (8/13/19) 10.1 10.51 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 23, 2023, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (2/23/23) 10.1 10.52 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/28/24) 10.1 10.53 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, the other loan parties thereto, and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.54 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (5/14/24) 10.1 10.55 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, by and among Mountaineer Gas Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as administrative agent, letter of credit issuer and swing line lender 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/20/22) 10.1 10.56 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2024, by and among Mountaineer Gas Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as administrative agent, letter of credit issuer and swing line lender. 
 UGI Form 8-K (4/26/24) 10.1 10.57 Amended and Restated Multicurrency Facilities Agreement, dated June 19, 2024, by and among UGI International, UGI International Holdings B.V., Natixis, as agent, and the lenders party thereto. 
 UGI Form 8-K (6/19/24) 10.1 10.58 Credit Agreement, dated November 9, 2023, by and among UGI Utilities, Inc., the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (11/9/23) 10.1 10.59 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated August 2, 2024, by and among AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the other borrowers from time to time party thereto, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (8/2/24) 10.1 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 10.60 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and among AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/31/24) 10.1 10.61 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2024, by and among UGI Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 UGI Form 8-K (10/11/24) 10.1 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics . 
 19.1 Insider Trading Policy. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Clawback Policy. 
 UGI Form 10-K (9/30/23) 97.1 101.INS XBRL Instance - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporation by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Registrant Filing Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 As required by Item 15(a)(3), this exhibit is identified as a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 4.25 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10.23 Form of UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan Performance Unit Grant Letter for Employees (EPS). 
 10.28 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement between UGI Corporation and Mr. Robert C Flexon. 
 10.29 Form of Change in Control Agreement between UGI Corporation and Messrs. Flexon, Beard, O Brien and Koerwer and Ms. Shea Ballay. 
 10.47 Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement between UGI Utilities, Inc. and UGI Energy Services, LLC, effective December 1, 2024. 
 10.53 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, the other loan parties thereto, and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 14 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 19.1 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 31.1 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer relating to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 202 4 , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 UGI CORPORATION Date: November 26, 2024 By: /s/ Sean P. O Brien Sean P. O Brien Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below on November 26, 2024, by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/ Robert C. Flexon President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Robert C. Flexon /s/ Sean P. O Brien Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Sean P. O Brien /s/ Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop /s/ Mario Longhi Chair and Director Mario Longhi /s/ David Bingenheimer Director David Bingenheimer /s/ M. Shawn Bort Director M. Shawn Bort /s/ Theodore A. Dosch Director Theodore A. Dosch /s/ Tina Faraca Director Tina Faraca /s/ Alan N. Harris Director Alan N. Harris /s/ William J. Marrazzo Director William J. Marrazzo /s/ Kelly A. Romano Director Kelly A. Romano Director /s/ Melanie Ruiz Melanie Ruiz /s/ Santiago Seage Director Santiago Seage 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 FOR INCLUSION IN ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Pages Management s Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 F- 3 
 Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules) 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 Financial Statement Schedules: For the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 I Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company) 
 S- 1 
 II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S- 4 

We have omitted all other financial statement schedules because the required information is either (1) not present; (2) not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule; or (3) included elsewhere in the financial statements or related notes. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this Annual Report were prepared by management, which is responsible for their fairness, integrity and objectivity. The consolidated financial statements and related information were prepared in accordance with GAAP and include amounts that are based on management s best judgments and estimates. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee is composed of three members, each of whom is independent and a non-employee director of the Company. The Committee is responsible for monitoring and overseeing the financial reporting process, the adequacy of internal accounting controls, and the independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditors. The Committee meets regularly, with and without management present, with the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors, both of which report directly to the Committee. In addition, the Committee provides regular reports to the Board of Directors. 
 
 /s/ Robert C. Flexon 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Sean P. O Brien 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 /s/ Jean Felix Tematio Dontsop 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of UGI Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UGI Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 26, 2024, expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of general liability, automobile and workers compensation reserves Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is subject to risk of loss for general liability, automobile, and workers compensation claims for which it obtains coverage under insurance policies that are subject to self-insured retentions or deductibles. The Company establishes reserves for pending and incurred but not reported claims associated with general liability, automobile, and workers compensation when it is probable that a liability exists and the amount or range of amounts can be reasonably estimated. 
 Auditing the Company s general liability, automobile, and workers compensation reserves was complex due to the significant measurement uncertainty associated with the estimate and the use of actuarial methods, including the Company s use of actuarial specialists. Specifically, the reserve estimate is sensitive to significant management assumptions, including the loss development factors for reported claims. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s valuation of general liability, automobile, and workers compensation reserves. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the appropriateness of the assumptions used in the calculations and the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the reserves. 
 To test the valuation of general liability, automobile, and workers compensation reserves, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the methodologies used to estimate the reserves and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data, as well as inspecting the Company s insurance policies for coverage limits above which would be paid by the insurance carrier. We involved our actuarial specialists to assist in evaluating the significant assumptions and actuarial methodologies used by the Company to estimate the total expected losses for claims. We also performed a search for unrecorded claims reserves related to claims incurred prior to the balance sheet date through examination of subsequent payments and other supporting documentation to determine if unrecorded claims affect the loss reserve estimation process or reserve balance. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Evaluation of the AmeriGas Propane and UGI International Reporting Units Description of the Matter At September 30, 2024, the Company s goodwill balance was 2,871 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired. If goodwill is determined to be impaired, an impairment loss is measured at the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test related to the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. Based on the Company s evaluation, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, a pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of 195 million was recognized. Furthermore, as discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the fair value of the UGI International reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by less than 30 at September 30, 2024. Auditing the Company s goodwill impairment tests for the AmeriGas Propane and UGI International reporting units required especially challenging and complex judgment to evaluate the effects of macroeconomic and industry conditions such as future growth rates and discount rates and involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate of the reporting unit involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and is sensitive to changes in significant assumptions, such as the discount rate and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's goodwill impairment review and testing process which included the UGI International reporting unit. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the valuation model, the significant assumptions described above, and the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the valuations. Further, the identified material weakness relating to management not reviewing the cash flow projections used in the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit goodwill impairment analysis on a timely basis and in sufficient detail affected our audit procedures in this area. To test the estimated fair value for the AmeriGas Propane and UGI International reporting units, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies used to develop the estimated fair values, testing the significant assumptions discussed above, and evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry trends. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. We also involved valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the overall methodologies and the discount rates used in the fair value estimate. The nature and extent of our audit procedures related to the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit considered the inability to rely on controls over management s goodwill impairment review process as a result of the material weakness described above. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 November 26, 2024 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 September 30, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable (less allowances for doubtful accounts of and , respectively) 
 Accrued utility revenues Income taxes receivable Inventories Derivative instruments Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Non-utility Utility Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets, net Utility regulatory assets Derivative instruments Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Employee compensation and benefits accrued Deposits and advances Derivative instruments Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Derivative instruments Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) shares; issued and Series A shares, respectively) 
 UGI Common Stock, without par value (authorized shares; issued and shares, respectively) 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total UGI Corporation stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) Operating and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Loss on disposals of businesses Other operating income, net ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) (Loss) income from equity investees ) ) Loss on extinguishments of debt ) ) ) Other non-operating (expense) income, net ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) Deduct net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation ) Earnings per common share attributable to UGI Corporation stockholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding (thousands): Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) Net (losses) gains on derivative instruments (net of tax of , ), and ), respectively) 
 ) Reclassifications of net (gains) losses on derivative instruments (net of tax of , , and ), respectively) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (net of tax of , , and ), respectively) 
 ) Foreign currency gains (losses) on long-term intra-company transactions ) Benefit plans, principally actuarial (losses) gains (net of tax of , ), and ), respectively) 
 ) Reclassifications of benefit plans actuarial (gains) losses and net prior service cost (benefit) (net of tax of , , and ), respectively) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) Deduct comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Millions of dollars) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit), net ) Provision for uncollectible accounts Changes in unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments ) Loss on disposals of businesses Impairment of assets Impairment of goodwill Equity-based compensation expense Loss on extinguishments of debt Loss (income) from equity investees ) Settlement of Energy Services interest rate swap, net of amortization ) Gain on sales of fixed assets ) ) ) Other, net ) Net change in: Accounts receivable and accrued utility revenues ) Income taxes receivable ) Inventories ) Utility deferred fuel costs, net of changes in unsettled derivatives ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Derivative instruments collateral paid ) ) ) Other current assets ) Other current liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses and assets, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity method investees ) ) ) Settlements of net investment hedges Net proceeds from the disposition of businesses and assets Other, net Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends on UGI Common Stock ) ) ) Issuances of debt, net of discount and issuance costs Repayments of debt and finance leases, including redemption premiums ) ) ) Receivables Facility net (repayments) borrowings ) (Decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Issuances of UGI Common Stock Repurchases of UGI Common Stock ) ) Payments on Purchase Contracts ) ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash decrease ) ) ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash decrease ) ) ) SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid (received) for: Interest Income taxes ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 UGI CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Preferred stock, without par value Balance, beginning of year Cumulative effect of change in accounting - ASU 2020-06 Settlement of Equity Units ) Other ) Balance, end of year Common stock, without par value Balance, beginning of year Common Stock issued in connection with employee and director plans, net of tax withheld Equity-based compensation expense Cumulative effect of change in accounting - ASU 2020-06 ) Settlement of Equity Units Other Balance, end of year Retained earnings Balance, beginning of year Net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation ) Cash dividends on common stock , , and per share, respectively) 
 ) ) ) Losses on treasury stock transactions in connection with employee and director plans ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting - ASU 2020-06 Balance, end of year Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, beginning of year ) ) ) Net (losses) gains on derivative instruments ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on derivative instruments ) ) Benefit plans, principally actuarial (losses) gains ) Reclassification of benefit plans net actuarial (gains) losses and net prior service costs (benefits) ) Foreign currency gains (losses) on long-term intra-company transactions ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance, end of year ) ) ) Treasury stock Balance, beginning of year ) ) ) Common Stock issued in connection with employee and director plans, net of tax withheld Repurchases of common stock ) ) Reacquired common stock employee and director plans ) ) Balance, end of year ) ) ) Total UGI Corporation stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Balance, beginning of year Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Other ) Balance, end of year Total equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Index to Notes 
 Note 1 Nature of Operations 
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Note 3 Accounting Changes 
 Note 4 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 Note 5 Dispositions and Acquisitions 
 Note 6 Debt 
 Note 7 Income Taxes 
 Note 8 Employee Retirement Plans 
 Note 9 Utility Regulatory Assets and Liabilities and Regulatory Matters 
 Note 10 Inventories 
 Note 11 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Note 12 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Note 13 Equity 
 Note 14 Equity-Based Compensation 
 Note 15 Leases 
 Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Note 17 Fair Value Measurements 
 Note 18 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 Note 19 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Note 20 Other Operating Income, Net and Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net 
 Note 21 Equity Method Investments 
 Note 22 Segment Information 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

For additional information regarding the effects of rate regulation on our utility operations, see Note 9. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 For a more detailed description of the derivative instruments we use, our accounting for derivatives, our objectives for using them and other information, see Note 18. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 . The costs incurred to obtain contracts that have durations of longer than one year are not material. See Note 4 for additional information regarding the Company s revenue from contracts with customers. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Incremental shares issuable for stock options, common stock awards and Equity Units (a) (b) Weighted-average common shares outstanding for diluted computation 
 
 (a) For Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2022, and shares, respectively, associated with outstanding stock option awards were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effect was antidilutive. For Fiscal 2023, of such shares have been excluded as such incremental shares would be antidilutive due to the net loss for the period. 
 (b) The Equity Units were settled in June 2024. See Note 13 for additional information. 

Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 , consistent with prior ratemaking treatment. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 depreciation expense is included in cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 See Note 12 for additional information related to intangible asset impairment recognized in Fiscal 2023. 
 . While the Company believes that its judgments used in the quantitative assessment of UGI International s fair value are reasonable based upon currently available facts and circumstances, if UGI International were not able to achieve its anticipated results and/or if its discount rate were to increase, its fair value would be adversely affected, which may result in an impairment. There is of goodwill in this reporting unit as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 With respect to AmeriGas Propane Fiscal 2024 annual goodwill impairment test, the Company also bypassed the qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative assessment and determined that goodwill was impaired. In addition, during the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company identified interim impairment indicators at its AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and, as such, performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill as of May 31, 2023. Based on such impairment tests, the Company recognized a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of and in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. 
 
 See Note 12 for additional information on the impairment charges at the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. 
 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment was and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Except for the previously mentioned impairment charges at the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, there were no other impairments of goodwill recognized in all periods presented. The Company will continue to monitor its reporting units and related goodwill for any possible future non-cash impairment charges. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 See Note 5 for information on the impairment loss associated with the disposal of UGID during Fiscal 2024. No other material provisions for impairments of long-lived assets were recorded during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023. 
 of and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 See Note 16 for additional information. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 (see Note 8). 

F-18 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

F-20 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 years, while contracts for storage are typically for or multiple storage season periods. Contracts to provide natural gas during periods of high demand have terms of up to years. Contracts to sell LNG for trucks, drilling rigs and other motor vehicles and facilities are typically short-term (less than one year). Depending on the type of services provided or goods sold, midstream revenues may consist of demand rates, commodity rates, and transportation rates and may include other fees for ancillary services. Pipeline transportation, natural gas gathering and storage services provided and services to stand ready to sell supplemental energy products and services each are considered to have a single performance obligation satisfied through the passage of time ratably based upon providing a stand-ready service generally on a monthly basis. Contracts to sell LNG to end-user customers contain performance obligations to deliver LNG over the term of the contract and revenue is recognized at a point in time when the control of the energy products is transferred to the customer. The price in the contract corresponds to our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation and reflects the consideration we expect to receive for the satisfied performance obligation, and, therefore, the revenue is recognized based on the volume delivered and the price within the contract. In cases where shipping and handling occurs prior to the LNG being delivered to the customer s storage vessel, we have elected to treat this as a cost of fulfillment and not a separate performance obligation. Revenues are typically billed and payment received monthly. Advance fees received from customers for stand-ready services are deferred as contract liabilities and revenue is recognized ratably over time as the performance obligation is satisfied over a period less than one year. 
 Electricity Generation. Prior to its sale in September 2024, Midstream Marketing sold power generated from electricity generation assets in the wholesale electricity markets administered by PJM regional transmission organization. Power contracts with PJM consist of the sale of power, capacity and ancillary services, all of which were considered a bundle of various services. Performance obligations were satisfied over time, generally on a daily basis, as electricity is delivered to and simultaneously consumed by the customer. As such, the Company had elected to recognize revenue in the amount to which we had a right to invoice which was based on market prices at the time of the delivery of the electricity to the customers. 
 
 Other. Other revenues from contracts with customers are generated primarily from AmeriGas Propane s parts and services business. The performance obligations of this business include installation and repair services. The performance obligations under these contracts are satisfied, and revenue is recognized, as control of the product is transferred or the services are rendered. Other LPG revenues from contracts with customers are generated primarily from certain fees UGI International and AmeriGas Propane charge associated with the delivery of LPG, including hazmat safety compliance, inspection, metering, installation, fuel recovery and certain other services. Revenues from fees are typically recorded when the LPG is delivered to the customer or the associated service is completed. 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Commercial Industrial Large delivery service Off-system sales and capacity releases ) Other ) Total Utility ) Non-Utility: LPG: Retail Wholesale Energy Marketing (b) ) ) Midstream: Pipeline Peaking ) Other Electricity Generation Other Total Non-Utility ) ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) ) Other revenues (c) Total revenues ) ) 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Commercial Industrial Large delivery service Off-system sales and capacity releases ) Other ) Total Utility ) Non-Utility: LPG: Retail Wholesale Energy Marketing ) Midstream: Pipeline Peaking ) Other Electricity Generation Other Total Non-Utility ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Other revenues (c) ) Total revenues ) 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Commercial Industrial Large delivery service Off-system sales and capacity releases ) Other ) Total Utility ) Non-Utility: LPG: Retail Wholesale Energy Marketing ) Midstream: Pipeline Peaking ) Other Electricity Generation Other Total Non-Utility ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Other revenues (c) ) Total revenues ) 
 (a) Includes intersegment revenues principally among Midstream Marketing, Utilities and AmeriGas Propane. 
 (b) Corporate Other includes reduction of revenues of associated with the early termination of certain DVEP customer contracts. See Note 5 for additional information. 
 (c) Primarily represents (1) revenues from tank rentals at UGI International and AmeriGas Propane; (2) revenues from certain gathering assets at Midstream Marketing; (3) revenues from alternative revenue programs at Utilities, including the weather normalization adjustment rider beginning on November 1, 2022 for PA Gas Utility; and (4) gains and losses on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions reflected in Corporate Other, none of which are within the scope of ASC 606 and are accounted for in accordance with other GAAP. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers or cash receipts. Contract assets represent our right to consideration after the performance obligations have been satisfied when such right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time. Contract assets were not material at September 30, 2024 and 2023. Substantially all of our receivables are unconditional rights to consideration and are included in Accounts receivable and, in the case of Utilities, Accrued utility revenues on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts billed are generally due within the following month. 
 
 Contract liabilities arise when payment from a customer is received before the performance obligations have been satisfied and represent the Company s obligations to transfer goods or services to a customer for which we have received consideration. The balances of contract liabilities were and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are primarily included in Deposits and advances on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Revenues recognized during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 from the amounts included in contract liabilities at September 30, 2023, September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 was , and , respectively. 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 billion and billion of revenues, respectively, related to the minimum future performance obligations over the remaining terms of the related contracts. 
 
 . During the third quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Company classified UGID s assets and liabilities, substantially all of which comprise long-lived assets, as held for sale and recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of to record such assets at estimated fair value less costs to sell. In accordance with the Company s accounting policy, such impairment loss was limited to the disposal group s long-lived assets. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, in conjunction with the closing of the sale, the Company recognized an incremental loss on disposal, resulting in a total Fiscal 2024 loss of , which amount is included in Loss on disposals of businesses on the Consolidated Statement of Income and included in the Midstream Marketing reportable segment. 
 
 UGI International Energy Marketing Transactions 
 
 As of the end of the first quarter of Fiscal 2024, pursuant to its previously announced decision, the Company had exited substantially all of its European energy marketing business which primarily marketed natural gas and electricity to customers through third-party distribution systems in France, Belgium, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 France. In October 2023, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold substantially all of its energy marketing business located in France for a net cash payment to the buyer of . In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of in Fiscal 2024, which amount principally represents the net payment to the buyer. The loss is reflected in Loss on disposals of businesses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The carrying values of the assets and liabilities associated with this business, principally comprising certain commodity derivative instruments, energy certificates and certain working capital, were not material. 
 
 Belgium. In September 2023, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its energy marketing business located in Belgium for a net cash payment to the buyer of . Pursuant to the sale agreement, the Company transferred to the buyer certain assets, principally comprising customer and energy broker contracts. In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of in Fiscal 2023, which amount includes the net payment to the buyer, the write-off of certain prepaid energy broker payments and associated transaction costs and fees. The loss is reflected in Loss on disposals of businesses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 United Kingdom. In October 2022, UGI International, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sold its natural gas marketing business located in the U.K. for a net cash payment to the buyer of . In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of in Fiscal 2023, substantially all of which was due to the non-cash transfer of commodity derivative instruments associated with the business. The loss is reflected in Loss on disposals of businesses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. At the date of closing of the sale, these commodity derivative instruments had a net carrying value of which is attributable to net unrealized gains on such instruments. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 , which represents the fair value of the specific commodity derivative instruments associated with periods after December 31, 2023; and reduced its revenues from these customers by , which represents the pro-rated performance obligation from October 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. 
 
 In conjunction with the wind-down of its European energy marketing business, in December 2023, DVEP completed a sale of a substantial portion of its power purchase agreements to a third party for a total consideration to the buyer of . In conjunction with the sale, the Company recorded a loss of , which is reflected in Other operating income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 During the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge to reduce the carrying values of certain assets associated with its energy marketing business in the Netherlands, comprising property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The impairment charge is reflected in Operating and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income and included in the UGI International reportable segment. 
 
 Acquisitions of Assets 
 
 Pennant . During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022, Energy Services completed the Pennant Acquisition and acquired the remaining of the equity interests in Pennant. Prior to the Pennant Acquisition, the Company s investment in Pennant was accounted for as an equity method investment as we had the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the entity. The acquisition of the remaining interests was accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and the purchase price of approximately was primarily allocated to property, plant and equipment, and funded using available cash. In connection with the acquisition of the controlling financial interest in Pennant, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary pre-tax impairment charge of related to its then existing membership interest, which amount is reflected in (Loss) income from equity investees on the Fiscal 2022 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Stonehenge . In January 2022, Energy Services completed the Stonehenge Acquisition and acquired all of the equity interests in Stonehenge for total cash consideration of approximately . The Stonehenge business includes a natural gas gathering system, located in western Pennsylvania, with more than 47 miles of pipeline and associated compression assets. The Stonehenge Acquisition is consistent with our growth strategies, including expanding our midstream natural gas gathering assets within the Appalachian basin production region. The Stonehenge Acquisition was funded using available cash. This transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of assets, and the purchase price has been primarily allocated to property, plant and equipment. We refer to Stonehenge and its assets as UGI Moraine East. 

F-26 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 30, 2030; (2) aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 30, 2033; and (3) aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 30, 2053. The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants and default provisions and requires compliance with certain financial covenants including a leverage ratio and priority debt ratio as defined in the agreement. These senior notes are unsecured and rank equally with UGI Utilities existing outstanding senior debt. The net proceeds from these issuances were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes. 
 UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement. In November 2023, UGI Utilities entered into the UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement providing for borrowings up to (including a sublimit for letters of credit and a sublimit for swingline loans). UGI Utilities may request an increase in the amount of loan commitments under the credit agreement to a maximum aggregate amount of . The interest rates applicable to borrowings under the UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement remain unchanged from its predecessor agreement, the UGI Utilities Credit Agreement. The UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement contains customary covenants and default provisions and requires compliance with certain financial covenants including a maximum debt to capitalization ratio as defined in the agreement. The credit agreement is scheduled to expire in November 2028. Borrowings under the credit agreement may be used to refinance UGI Utilities existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of UGI Utilities. 
 
 Midstream Marketing 
 
 Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement. In June 2024, Energy Services entered into the second amendment to the Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement. The Energy Services Term Loan Credit Agreement, as amended, provides, among other items, that the applicable margin shall be per annum for Term SOFR loans and per annum for base rate loans. All other significant terms of the term loan credit agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 Energy Services Credit Agreement. In May 2024, Energy Services entered into the fourth amendment to the UGI Energy Services Credit Agreement. The amended credit agreement provides for borrowings up to , including a sublimit for letters of credit. Borrowings under the Energy Services Credit Agreement, as amended, bear interest, subject to our election, at a rate per annum equal to (i) the alternative base rate plus the applicable margin as defined by the agreement or (ii) the adjusted Term SOFR rate plus the applicable margin as defined by the agreement. Borrowings under the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of Energy Services and is scheduled to expire in May 2028. All other significant terms of the credit agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 UGI International 
 
 UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement. In June 2024, UGI International, LLC and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, UGI International Holdings B.V., entered into the first amendment to the UGI International 2023 Credit Agreement, which provides for the establishment and incorporation of specific key performance indicators with respect to Environmental, Social and Governance targets, whereby based on UGI International, LLC s performance against the key performance indicators, certain adjustments of up to in total to the applicable margin may be made. All other significant terms of the credit agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 senior secured revolving credit facility maturing August 2029, providing for commitments up to (including a sublimit for letters of credit), subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement. The maximum borrowings permitted to be made at any time under the agreement is equal to (a) the lesser of (x) the Formula Amount for the borrowing base and (y) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount less the outstanding Advances less the maximum undrawn amount of all outstanding letters of credit less unreimbursed fees and expenses owing to the Agent or any Lender, as defined by the agreement. Borrowings under this credit facility were used to pay off borrowings under the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement and are available for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of AmeriGas OLP. Borrowings under this credit agreement are secured by certain assets of AmeriGas OLP, including, but not limited to, accounts receivables and inventory, and are guaranteed by any material subsidiaries of AmeriGas OLP. In addition, this credit facility requires AmeriGas OLP to abide by certain financial covenants from time to time including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a senior notes liquidity covenant, each as defined in the agreement. Concurrently with entering into AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, AmeriGas OLP terminated the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement. 
 
 AmeriGas Partners Senior Notes. In June 2024, pursuant to an early tender offer, AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp. repurchased aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes due May 2025. Cash on hand, a cash contribution from the Company and other sources of liquidity were used for the repurchase. Following the repurchase, aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes remain outstanding at September 30, 2024, and are included in Current maturities of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In March 2024, AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp. entered into separate, privately negotiated repurchase agreements with a limited number of holders of the outstanding senior notes to repurchase aggregate principal amount of the senior notes. AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance Corp. repurchased , , , and par value of its issued and outstanding Senior Notes, Senior Notes, Senior Notes, and Senior Notes, respectively. 
 
 UGI Corporation 
 
 UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement. In April 2024, UGI entered into the fourth amendment to the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement which extended the maturity date of substantially all of the borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement to August 29, 2025. The fourth amendment also increased the applicable rate (as defined in the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement, as amended) of the term loan facility, and the term loan facility by . All other significant terms of the credit agreement remained unchanged. 
 
 In June 2024, a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes (as described below) were used to repay a portion of borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility agreement. 
 
 UGI Corporation Senior Notes. In June 2024, UGI issued, in an underwritten private placement, an aggregate principal amount of UGI Corporation Senior Notes due June 2028. The UGI Corporation Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness. Interest is payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2024, and will mature on June 1, 2028, unless earlier repurchased or converted. The net proceeds from the issuance of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes of approximately , after underwriters fees and other debt issuance costs, were used (1) to repay a portion of borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement; (2) to make cash contribution of to the Partnership to repay a portion of its Senior Notes as described above; and (3) for general corporate purposes. 
 
 The UGI Corporation Senior Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture dated as of June 11, 2024. The UGI Corporation Senior Notes are convertible subject to the occurrence of certain events and circumstances. Before March 1, 2028, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events as follows: 
 
 1. During any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, if the market price of the Company s common stock reaches of the conversion price (initially for a specified period of time; 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 of the product of the sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate, for a specified period. The Company is not obligated to track the trading price of the notes unless a holder of the notes provides the Company reasonable evidence that the Notes are trading at of the product of the sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate, as defined in the indenture; 
 3. Upon the occurrence of specific corporate events related to specific types of distributions as defined in the indenture; or 
 4. Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change, Make Whole Fundamental Change or Common Stock Change Event as defined in the indenture 
 
 From and after March 1, 2028, holders of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, none of the events permitting the noteholders to convert their notes early occurred. Accordingly, the UGI Corporation Senior Notes are classified as Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of the UGI Corporation Senior notes is . We estimate the fair value of long-term debt by using current market rates and by discounting future cash flows using rates available for similar type debt (Level 2). 
 
 Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the UGI Corporation Senior notes. For the remainder of the amount in excess of the aggregate principal amount, if applicable, the Company will have the sole right to elect the settlement method upon conversion which can be either entirely in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. The default settlement method as defined in the agreement is a combination settlement with a specified dollar amount of 1,000 per 1,000 principal of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes, and any incremental value settled in shares of the Company s common stock. The initial conversion rate is 36.2319 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the UGI Corporation Senior Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 
 The Company may not redeem the UGI Corporation Senior Notes at its option before maturity. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 
 UGI Utilities Senior Notes. In November 2024, UGI Utilities entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with a consortium of lenders. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, UGI Utilities issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 30, 2029, and aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 30, 2034. The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants and default provisions and requires compliance with certain financial covenants including a leverage ratio and priority debt ratio as defined in the agreement. These senior notes are unsecured and rank equally with UGI Utilities existing outstanding senior debt. The net proceeds from these issuances were used to reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. In October 2024, AmeriGas OLP amended the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility to increase total commitments to a total of . The maximum borrowings permitted to be made at any time under the Credit Agreement is equal to the lesser of (x) the Formula Amount for the borrowing base and (y) the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, as defined in the agreement. 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 revolving credit facility, including a sublimit for letters of credit and (2) a variable-rate term loan. The revolving credit facility is scheduled to expire in October 2028 and the term loan facility is scheduled to mature in October 2027. Proceeds from the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement were used to prepay all borrowings under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement due August 29, 2025 and, concurrent with such repayment, terminated the agreement. At September 30, 2024, borrowings outstanding under the UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement totaling have been classified as long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on the Company s intent and ability to refinance the obligation with long-term debt issued under the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Borrowings under the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement bear interest, subject to our election, at a rate per annum equal to (i) the alternative base rate plus the applicable rate as defined by the agreement or (ii) the adjusted Term SOFR rate plus the applicable rate as defined by the agreement. The Company has entered into an interest rate swap agreement that will generally fix the underlying market-based interest rate on the variable-rate loan through September 2027. Borrowings under the credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes and ongoing working capital needs of the Company. 
 
 Credit Facilities and Short-term Borrowings 
 
 UGI International, LLC (b) March 2028 Energy Services (c) May 2028 N.A. UGI Utilities (d) November 2028 Mountaineer (e) December 2025 UGI Corporation (f) August 2025 September 30, 2023 AmeriGas OLP (a) September 2026 N.A. UGI International, LLC (b) March 2028 Energy Services (c) March 2025 UGI Utilities (d) June 2024 Mountaineer (e) November 2024 UGI Corporation (f) May 2025 
 (a) In October 2024, AmeriGas OLP entered into the first amendment to the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility which increased the total commitments to . At September 30, 2024 the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility includes a sublimit for letters of credit. The maximum amount available for borrowing at any time under the AmeriGas Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the borrowing base valuation, as defined by the agreement. At September 30, 2023 the 2022 AmeriGas OLP Credit Agreement included a sublimit for letters of credit. 
 (b) Permits UGI International, LLC or UGI International Holdings B.V. to borrow in euros or USD. 
 (c) The Energy Services Credit Agreement includes a sublimit for letters of credit and is guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of Energy Services. 
 (d) The UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement includes a sublimit for letters of credit. On November 9, 2023, UGI Utilities entered into the UGI Utilities 2023 Credit Agreement and concurrently terminated the UGI Utilities Credit Agreement, a predecessor agreement, which included a sublimit for letters of credit. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 sublimit for letters of credit. 
 (f) Because management intends to maintain a substantial portion of its revolving credit facility borrowings on a long-term basis, such borrowings, (other than amounts repaid subsequent to the balance sheet date but prior to the issuance of the financial statements) are classified as Long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts outstanding under UGI s revolving credit facility at September 30, 2024 were repaid in October 2024 with proceeds from the issuance of the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement revolving credit facility and have been classified as long-term debt as of September 30, 2024, based on the Company s intent and ability to refinance the obligation with long-term debt issued under the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement. 
 N.A. - Not applicable 
 
 Energy Services Receivables Facility. Energy Services has a Receivables Facility with an issuer of receivables-backed commercial paper. On October 18, 2024, the expiration date of the Receivables Facility was extended to October 17, 2025. The Receivables Facility provides Energy Services with the ability to borrow up to of eligible receivables during the period October 18, 2024 to April 30, 2025, and up to of eligible receivables during the period May 1, 2025 to October 17, 2025, with the option to request an increase of . The interest rate of the Receivables Facility was replaced with a SOFR based interest rate effective with the extension on October 18, 2024. Energy Services uses the Receivables Facility to fund working capital, margin calls under commodity futures contracts, capital expenditures, dividends and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Under the Receivables Facility, Energy Services transfers, on an ongoing basis and without recourse, its trade accounts receivable to its wholly owned, special purpose subsidiary, ESFC, which is consolidated for financial statement purposes. ESFC, in turn, has sold and, subject to certain conditions, may from time to time sell, an undivided interest in some or all of the receivables to a major bank. Amounts sold to the bank are reflected as Short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. ESFC was created and has been structured to isolate its assets from creditors of Energy Services and its affiliates, including UGI. Trade receivables sold to the bank remain on the Company s balance sheet and the Company reflects a liability equal to the amount advanced by the bank. The Company records interest expense on amounts owed to the bank. Energy Services continues to service, administer and collect trade receivables on behalf of the bank, as applicable. 
 
 ESFC trade receivables sold to the bank during the year ESFC trade receivables - end of year (a) 
 (a) At September 30, 2024, there were ESFC trade receivables sold to the bank. At September 30, 2023 there were of ESFC trade receivables sold to the bank and is reflected as Short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

F-31 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 due September 2046 
 due March 2044 
 due April 2050 
 due February 2049 
 due October 2046 
 due September 2036 
 due June 2026 
 due June 2026 
 due September 2026 
 due July 2032 
 due September 2052 
 due November 2030 
 due November 2033 
 due November 2053 
 UGI Utilities Medium-Term Notes: due October 2034 
 due August 2033 
 Mountaineer senior notes (a) UGI Utilities variable-rate term loan due through July 2027 (b) Other Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total Utilities Midstream Marketing: Energy Services variable-rate term loan due through February 2030 (c) Other Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total Midstream Marketing UGI International: Senior Notes due December 2029 
 UGI International, LLC variable-rate term loan due March 2028 (d) Other Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total UGI International AmeriGas Propane: AmeriGas Partners Senior Notes: due May 2025 
 due August 2026 
 due May 2027 
 due May 2028 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total AmeriGas Propane UGI Corporation: UGI Corporation Credit Facilities: UGI Corporation revolving credit facility maturing August 2025 (e) UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due August 2025 (f) UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due through August 2025 (g) UGI Corporation variable-rate term loan due August 2025 (h) UGI Corporation senior notes due June 2028 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total UGI Corporation Total long-term debt Less: current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt due after one year 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 principal amount of Mountaineer senior secured notes plus unamortized premium of and , respectively. The face interest rates on the Mountaineer senior notes range from to , with maturities ranging from 2027 to 2052. 
 (b) At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective interest rate on this term loan was . We have entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap to effectively fix the underlying variable rate at approximately on a portion of these borrowings through June 2026. Term loan borrowings are due in equal quarterly installments of , with the balance of the principal being due in full at maturity. 
 (c) At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective interest rates on the term loan were and , respectively. We have entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap to effectively fix a substantial portion of the underlying variable rate at on these borrowings through September 2026. Term loan borrowings are due in equal quarterly installments of , with the balance of the principal being due in full at maturity. Under certain circumstances, Energy Services is required to make additional principal payments if the consolidated total leverage ratio, as defined, is greater than defined thresholds. This term loan is collateralized by substantially all of the assets of Energy Services, subject to certain exceptions and carveouts including, but not limited to, accounts receivable and certain real property. 
 (d) At September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the term loan was . We have entered into a pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap that fixes the underlying variable rate at through March 2026. 
 (e) At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective interest rates on credit facility borrowings were and , respectively. 
 (f) At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective interest rates on the term loan were and , respectively. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate at approximately on these borrowings through September 2027. 
 (g) At September 30, 2023 the effective interest rate on the term loan was . The term loan was repaid early in June 2024. 
 (h) At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effective interest rates on the term loan were and , respectively. We have entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps to effectively fix the underlying variable rate at approximately on a portion of these borrowings through September 2027. 
 
 Midstream Marketing UGI International AmeriGas Propane UGI Corporation (a) Total 
 
 (a) Subsequent to September 30, 2024, UGI entered into the UGI Corporation 2025 Credit Agreement, consisting of (1) a revolving credit facility, including a sublimit for letters of credit, scheduled to expire in October 2028 and (2) a variable-rate term loan, schedule to mature in October 2027 and concurrently paid in full and terminated its existing UGI Corporation Credit Facility Agreement which was set to mature August 29, 2025. At September 30, 2024, borrowings outstanding under the credit facility due August 29, 2025, were classified as long-term debt based on the Company s intent and ability to refinance the obligation with long-term debt. 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 . 

) Foreign ) Total income (loss) before income taxes ) ) State Foreign Total current expense Deferred expense (benefit): Federal State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 Federal income taxes for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 are net of foreign tax credits of , , and , respectively. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Difference in tax rate due to: Goodwill impairment not deductible for tax ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Investment tax credits ) Valuation allowance adjustments ) ) Regulated entity depreciation normalization ) ) Notional interest deduction ) ) Effects of tax rate changes State, net of federal benefit ) State NOL adjustment upon disposition Uncertain tax positions ) ) Impairment of equity investment Federal refund interest accrual ) Effects of foreign operations Effects of tax rate changes - International ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 In July 2022, tax legislation was enacted in Pennsylvania reducing the state s corporate net income tax rate from 9.99 to 4.99 over a nine-year period, beginning with an initial reduction to 8.99 beginning in Fiscal 2024. The legislation resulted in tax expense and of tax benefits being recorded in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, based on the Company s analysis of future reversals of net deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Federal refund claims of and are included in Income taxes receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. of refund claims at September 30, 2024 and 2023 are related to Fiscal 2021 federal net operating losses carried back to Fiscal 2016 under CARES legislation enacted in 2020. The CARES refund claim is under Joint Committee review. 
 
 Our effective tax rate is subject to the impact of changes to the taxation of foreign source income made by the TCJA and the high tax exception regulations issued in July 2020. Income tax expense for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 includes , , and , respectively, of GILTI taxes that are treated as current period costs and carry no related deferred taxes. 
 Pennsylvania and West Virginia utility ratemaking practices permit the flow through to ratepayers of state tax benefits resulting from accelerated tax depreciation. For Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, the beneficial effects of state tax flow through of accelerated depreciation reduced income tax expense by , , and , respectively. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Intangible assets and goodwill Utility regulatory assets Investment in AmeriGas Partners Derivative instrument assets Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Interest expense ) ) Operating loss carryforwards ) ) Utility regulatory liabilities ) ) Foreign tax credit carryforwards ) ) Employee-related benefits ) ) Investment tax credits ) Utility environmental liabilities ) ) Pension plan liabilities ) ) Derivative instrument liabilities ) Investment in AmeriGas Partners ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax assets ) ) Deferred tax assets valuation allowance Net deferred tax liabilities 
 At September 30, 2024, we carried foreign net operating loss carryforwards of relating to Flaga, at certain subsidiaries of UGI France, relating to Belgium, and in the Netherlands with no expiration dates. We have state net operating loss carryforwards primarily relating to certain subsidiaries that approximate and expire through 2044. We also have federal operating loss carryforwards of for certain operations of AmeriGas Propane. At September 30, 2024, deferred tax assets relating to operating loss carryforwards amounted to related to various UGI subsidiaries. 
 Valuation allowances against deferred tax assets exist for foreign tax credit carryforwards, net operating loss carryforwards of foreign subsidiaries, capital loss carryforwards and a notional interest deduction. The valuation allowance for all deferred tax decreased in Fiscal 2024, which included a decrease of against the notional interest deduction, against capital losses and against FTC s offset by a increase against Foreign net operating losses and against disallowed interest expense. 
 The valuation allowance for all deferred tax remained the same in Fiscal 2023, which included an increase of for disallowed interest, an increase of for foreign net operating losses, for a notional interest deduction and from state tax rate decreases were offset by decrease against capital losses and a decrease against FTC s. 
 We conduct business and file tax returns in the U.S., and various local, state and foreign jurisdictions. Our U.S. federal income tax returns are settled through the 2020 tax year, and our European tax returns are effectively settled for various years from 2016 to 2020. State and other income tax returns in the U.S. are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after the filing of the respective returns. 
 The Company s unrecognized tax benefits including amounts related to accrued interest, which if subsequently recognized would be recorded as a benefit to income taxes, amounted to , , and at September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Generally, a net reduction in unrecognized tax benefits could occur because of the expiration of the statute of limitations in certain jurisdictions or as a result of settlements with tax authorities. The expected change in unrecognized tax benefits and related interest in the next twelve months as the result of the expiration of certain statutes is not material. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Additions for tax positions of the current year Decreases for tax positions taken in prior years ) Increases for tax positions taken in prior years Settlements with tax authorities/statute lapses ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits end of year 
 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair values of the plan assets of our other postretirement benefit plans was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) Foreign currency Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligations end of year (a) Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets beginning of year Actual gain (loss) on plan assets Foreign currency Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets end of year Funded status of the plans end of year (b) ) ) Amounts recorded in UGI Corporation stockholders equity (pre-tax): Prior service cost Net actuarial gain ) ) Total ) ) Amounts recorded in regulatory assets and liabilities (pre-tax): Net actuarial loss Total 
 (a) The ABOs of the U.S. Pension Plans were and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (b) Amounts are reflected in Other noncurrent liabilities and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts reflected in Other assets are not material. 
 
 In Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the changes in the pension plans PBOs due to actuarial gains and losses are principally the result of changes in discount rates. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Discount rate benefit cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Rate of increase in salary levels 
 
 The service cost component of our pension and other postretirement plans, net of amounts capitalized, is reflected in Operating and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The non-service cost components, net of amounts capitalized by Utilities as a regulatory asset, are reflected in Other non-operating (expense) income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Other postretirement benefit cost was not material for all periods presented. 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of: Actuarial loss (gain) ) Net benefit cost (income) ) ) 
 
 It is our general policy to fund amounts for U.S. Pension Plans benefits equal to at least the minimum required contribution set forth in applicable employee benefit laws. From time to time, we may, at our discretion, contribute additional amounts. During Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we made cash contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans of , and , respectively. The minimum required contributions to the U.S. Pension Plans in Fiscal 2025 are not expected to be material. 
 UGI Utilities has established a VEBA trust to pay certain retiree health care and life insurance benefits by depositing into the VEBA the annual amount of postretirement benefits costs, if any. Assets associated with the VEBA are not material and we do not expect to be required to make any contributions to the VEBA during Fiscal 2025. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Fiscal 2030 - 2034 
 We also sponsor unfunded and non-qualified supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the PBOs of these plans, including obligations for amounts held in grantor trusts, totale d and , respectively. Costs associated with these plans and amounts recorded in UGI s stockholder s equity representing actuarial gains and losses were not material for all periods presented and are excluded from the tables above. During Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, and Fiscal 2022, the payments the Company made with respect to the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans were not material . The total fair value of the grantor trust investment assets associated with the supplemental executive defined benefit retirement plans, which are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, totaled and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 U.S. Pension Plans Assets 
 The assets of the U.S. Pension Plans are held in trust. The investment policies and asset allocation strategies for the assets in these trusts are determined by the Retirement Plan Committee comprising certain members of UGI s senior management. The overall investment objective is to minimize projected funded status volatility by more closely aligning the duration of the U.S. Pension Plans fixed income portfolio to the duration of its liabilities. The proportion of plan assets allocated to fixed income investments will increase as the funded status increases. Investments are made principally in common collective trust funds that consist of equity investments, bond investments and short-term cash investments, and, to a much less extent, UGI Common Stock and alternative investments. 
 Fixed income funds cash equivalents Alternative investments Total 
 (a) There is a permitted range for the allocation of the trust assets for the U.S. Pension Plans which is less than and greater than the target allocation. 

F-40 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Total domestic equity investments (a) Common collective trust funds: U.S. equity index investments Non-U.S. equity index investments Global equity index investments Bond index investments Cash equivalents Total common collective trust funds (b) Alternative investments (b) Total 
 
 (a) Level 1 investments within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (b) Assets measured at NAV and therefore excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The expected long-term rates of return on U.S. Pension Plans trust assets have been developed using a best estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. The estimates are based on historical capital market performance data and future expectations provided by independent consultants. Future expectations are determined by using simulations that provide a wide range of scenarios of future market performance. The market conditions in these simulations consider the long-term relationships between equities and fixed income as well as current market conditions at the start of the simulation. The expected rate begins with a risk-free rate of return with other factors being added such as inflation, duration, credit spreads and equity risk premiums. The rates of return derived from this process are applied to our target asset allocation to develop a reasonable return assumption. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 We sponsor 401(k) savings plans for eligible employees of UGI and certain of UGI s domestic subsidiaries. Generally, participants in these plans may contribute a portion of their compensation on either a before-tax basis, or on both a before-tax and after-tax basis. These plans also provide for employer matching contributions at various rates. The cost of benefits under the savings plans totaled in Fiscal 2024, in Fiscal 2023 and in Fiscal 2022. The Company also sponsors certain nonqualified supplemental defined contribution executive retirement plans. These plans generally provide supplemental benefits to certain executives that would otherwise be provided under retirement plans but are prohibited due to limitations imposed by the IRC. The Company makes payments to self-directed grantor trusts with respect to these supplemental defined contribution plans. Such payments during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were not material. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total fair values of these grantor trust investment assets, which amounts are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, were and , respectively. 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Underfunded pension plans Environmental costs Deferred fuel and power costs Removal costs, net Other Total regulatory assets Regulatory liabilities (a): Postretirement benefits Deferred fuel and power refunds State income tax benefits distribution system repairs Excess federal deferred income taxes Other Total regulatory liabilities 
 (a) Current regulatory assets are recorded in Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Regulatory liabilities are recorded in Other current liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Other than removal costs, Utilities currently does not recover a rate of return on the regulatory assets included in the table above. 
 
 Income taxes recoverable . This regulatory asset is the result of recording deferred tax liabilities pertaining to temporary tax differences principally as a result of the pass through to ratepayers of the tax benefit on accelerated tax depreciation for state income tax purposes, and the flow through of accelerated tax depreciation for federal income tax purposes for certain years prior to 1981. These deferred taxes have been reduced by deferred tax assets pertaining to utility deferred investment tax credits. Utilities has recorded regulatory income tax assets related to these deferred tax liabilities representing future revenues recoverable through the ratemaking process over the average remaining depreciable lives of the associated property ranging from to approximately years. 
 Underfunded pension plans . This regulatory asset represents the portion of net actuarial losses and prior service costs (credits) associated with Gas Utility and Electric Utility pension benefits which are probable of being recovered through future rates based upon established regulatory practices. These regulatory assets are adjusted annually or more frequently under certain circumstances when the funded status of the plans is remeasured. These costs are amortized over the average remaining future service lives of plan participants. 
 Environmental costs . Environmental costs principally represent estimated probable future environmental remediation and investigation costs that PA Gas Utility expects to incur, primarily at MGP sites in Pennsylvania, in conjunction with a remediation COA with the PADEP. Pursuant to base rate orders, PA Gas Utility receives ratemaking recognition of its estimated environmental investigation and remediation costs associated with its environmental sites. This ratemaking recognition balances the accumulated difference between historical costs and rate recoveries with an estimate of future costs associated with the sites. The period over which PA Gas Utility expects to recover these costs will depend upon future remediation activity. For additional information on environmental costs, see Note 16. 
 Removal costs, net . This regulatory asset represents costs incurred, net of salvage, associated with the retirement of depreciable utility plant of UGI Utilities. As required by PAPUC ratemaking, removal costs include actual costs incurred associated with asset retirement obligations. Consistent with prior ratemaking treatment, UGI Utilities expects to recover these costs over . 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 period beginning October 19, 2016. With respect to Electric Utility, the overcollections are being refunded to ratepayers over a -year period effective October 27, 2018. 
 Deferred fuel and power - costs and refunds. Utilities tariffs contain clauses that permit recovery of all prudently incurred purchased gas and power costs through the application of PGC rates, PGA rates and DS tariffs. These clauses provide for periodic adjustments to PGC, PGA and DS rates for differences between the total amount of purchased gas and electric generation supply costs billed to customers and recoverable costs incurred. Net underbilled costs are classified as a regulatory asset and net overbillings are classified as a regulatory liability. 
 Mountaineer uses fixed-price contracts to reduce volatility in the cost of gas it purchases for retail core-market customers. To lower winter bills for residential customers, the WVPSC removed transportation and storage costs from the volumetric rate and created a fixed monthly pipeline demand charge applicable only to residential customers effective December 1, 2022. 
 PA Gas Utility uses derivative instruments to reduce volatility in the cost of gas it purchases for retail core-market customers. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on natural gas derivative instruments are included in deferred fuel and power costs or refunds. Net unrealized gains (losses) on such contracts at September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and ), respectively. 
 State income tax benefits distribution system repairs. This regulatory liability represents Pennsylvania state income tax benefits, net of federal benefit, resulting from the deduction for income tax purposes of repair and maintenance costs associated with UGI Utilities assets that are capitalized for regulatory and GAAP reporting. The tax benefits associated with these repair and maintenance deductions will be reflected as a reduction to income tax expense over the remaining tax lives of the related book assets. 
 
 Excess federal deferred income taxes. This regulatory liability is the result of remeasuring Utilities federal deferred income tax liabilities on utility plant due to the enactment of the TCJA on December 22, 2017. In order for our utility assets to continue to be eligible for accelerated tax depreciation, current law requires that excess federal deferred income taxes resulting from the remeasurement be amortized no more rapidly than over the remaining lives of the assets that gave rise to the excess federal deferred income taxes, ranging from year to approximately years. This regulatory liability has been increased to reflect the tax benefit generated by the amortization of the excess deferred federal income taxes and is being amortized and credited to tax expense. 
 Other . Other regulatory assets and liabilities comprise a number of deferred items including, among others, certain fair value adjustments related to the Mountaineer Acquisition, certain information technology costs, energy efficiency conservation costs and rate case expenses. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 UGI Utilities. On January 27, 2023, Electric Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its annual base distribution revenues by . On September 21, 2023, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a annual base distribution rate increase for Electric Utility, effective October 1, 2023. 
 On January 28, 2022, PA Gas Utility filed a request with the PAPUC to increase its base operating revenues for residential, commercial and industrial customers by annually. On September 15, 2022, the PAPUC issued a final order approving a settlement providing for a annual base distribution rate increase for PA Gas Utility, through a phased approach, with beginning October 29, 2022 and an additional beginning October 1, 2023. In accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was not permitted to file a rate case prior to January 1, 2024. Also in accordance with the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was authorized to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a pilot program beginning on November 1, 2022. Under this rider, when weather deviates from normal by more than , residential and small commercial customer billings for distribution services are adjusted monthly for weather related impacts exceeding the threshold. Additionally, under the terms of the final order, PA Gas Utility was authorized to implement a DSIC once its total property, plant and equipment less accumulated depreciation reached (which threshold was achieved in September 2022). 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 , which includes of prior year under-recovery, for costs associated with capital investments after December 31, 2022, that total , including in calendar year 2025. The filing included capital investments totaling over the 2025 - 2029 period. On October 28, 2024, the WVPSC issued an order approving Mountaineer s request. 
 On July 31, 2023, Mountaineer submitted its 2023 IREP filing to the WVPSC requesting recovery of , an increase of , for costs associated with capital investments after December 31, 2022, that total , including in calendar year 2024. With new base rates expected to be effective January 1, 2024, revenues from IREP rates would decrease by . The filing included capital investments totaling over the 2024 - 2028 period. On December 20, 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving a settlement effective January 1, 2024. 
 On March 6, 2023, Mountaineer submitted a base rate case filing with the WVPSC seeking a net revenue increase of , which consisted of an increase in base rates of and a decrease in the IREP rates of annually to be effective on April 5, 2023. On March 31, 2023, the WVPSC suspended the effective date of the requested rate change increase until January 1, 2024 to allow for a full review of the filing. On October 6, 2023, Mountaineer filed a joint stipulation and agreement for settlement of the base rate case, which included a net revenue increase. On December 21, 2023, the WVPSC issued a final order approving the joint stipulation and agreement, except the WVPSC authorized Mountaineer to implement a weather normalization adjustment rider as a pilot program beginning on October 1, 2024. The new rates went into effect on January 1, 2024. On April 11, 2024, the WVPSC approved the calculation methodology submitted by Mountaineer on March 28, 2024. Under this rider, when weather deviates from normal by more than , for service rendered during the period October 1 through May 31, residential and small commercial customer billings for distribution services are adjusted for weather related impacts exceeding the threshold. 
 over the 2023 - 2027 period, including in calendar year 2023. On November 16, 2022, Mountaineer and the intervening parties submitted a joint stipulation and agreement for settlement to the WVPSC requesting approval of 2023 IREP revenue of to be charged effective January 1, 2023, which includes the recovery of a under-recovery of 2021 IREP revenue. On December 21, 2022, the WVPSC issued an order approving the joint stipulation and agreement for settlement as filed. 

Gas Utility natural gas Energy certificates Materials, supplies and other Total inventories 
 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Transmission General and other Work in process Total Utility Non-utility: Land Buildings and improvements - years 
 Transportation equipment - years 
 Equipment, primarily cylinders and tanks - years 
 Electric generation - years 
 Pipeline and related assets - years 
 Other - years 
 Work in process Total non-utility Total property, plant and equipment 
 
 Electric Utility 
 
 Depreciation expense totaled , and for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Impairment of goodwill ) ) Acquisitions Foreign currency translation Balance September 30, 2023 Impairment of goodwill ) ) Dispositions ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance September 30, 2024 
 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 of Senior Notes at an interest rate of , which was significantly higher than the interest rates on the other AmeriGas Propane debt obligations; and (2) financial projections for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit were reduced significantly compared to previous forecasts following declines in gross margins and customer retention and higher operating expenses. The Company concluded that these events constituted triggering events that indicate that the AmeriGas Propane goodwill may be impaired and, as such, performed an interim impairment test of its goodwill as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Using level 3 inputs, we performed a quantitative assessment of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit using a weighting of the income and market approaches to determine its fair value. With respect to the income approach, management used a discounted cash flow DCF method, using unobservable inputs. The significant assumptions in our DCF model include projected EBITDA and a discount rate (and estimates in the discount rate inputs). With respect to the market approach, management used recent transaction market multiples for similar companies in the U.S. The resulting estimates of fair value from the income approach and the market approach were then weighted equally in determining the overall estimated fair value of AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 Based on our evaluations in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the estimated fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of and in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, included in Impairment of goodwill on the Consolidated Statements of Income, to reduce the carrying value of AmeriGas Propane to its fair value. The Company calculated the deferred tax effect using the simultaneous equation method. 
 
 The performance of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit and the potential for future developments in the global economic environment, including the prospect of higher interest rates, introduces a heightened risk for additional impairment in the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. If there is continued deterioration in the results of operations, a portion or all of the remaining recorded goodwill for the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit, which was billion as of September 30, 2024, could be subject to further impairment. 
 
 Trademarks and tradenames Noncompete agreements and other Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net (definite-lived) Trademarks and tradenames (indefinite-lived) Total intangible assets, net 
 
 During Fiscal 2023, the Company recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge related to customer relationships intangible assets and indefinite-lived tradenames at DVEP in connection with the wind-down of the energy marketing business in the Netherland s (see Note 5). These charges are reflected in Operating and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets wa s , and for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. Estimated amortization expense of intangible assets during the next five fiscal years is as follows: Fiscal 2025 ; Fiscal 2026 ; Fiscal 2027 ; Fiscal 2028 ; Fiscal 2029 . 
 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 shares of UGI Corporation Common Stock for an additional period, expiring February 2026. In Fiscal 2024, there were no share repurchases made under the program. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, the Company purchased and placed in treasury stock shares and shares at a total cost of and , respectively. 
 ) Issued: Employee and director plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) Reacquired common stock employee and director plans ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) Issued: Employee and director plans Repurchases of common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Issued: Settlement of Equity Units ) Employee and director plans ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 UGI has shares of UGI Series Preference Stock authorized for issuance. UGI had shares of UGI Series Preference Stock outstanding at September 30, 2024 and Series A shares outstanding at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Equity Units 
 On May 25, 2021, the Company issued million Equity Units with a total notional value of . Each Equity Unit has a stated amount of and consists of (i) a undivided beneficial ownership interest in one share of Convertible Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share and (ii) a 2024 Purchase Contract. The Company received approximately of proceeds from the issuance of the Equity Units, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions, and issued shares of Convertible Preferred Stock which was recorded in Preferred stock on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The proceeds were used to pay a portion of the purchase price for the Mountaineer Acquisition and related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes. During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company reclassified certain amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity related to the accounting for the Equity Units. 
 
 shares of UGI common stock, without par value, with cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Company (i) made the final contract adjustment payment to settle the 2024 Purchase Contract in full; (ii) canceled the Convertible Preferred Stock; and (iii) in a non-cash transaction, converted the Equity Units into shares of UGI Common Stock and issued the shares to the holders of the Equity Units under the 2024 Purchase Contract. 
 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

after-tax), after-tax) and after-tax) in Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 UGI Equity-Based Compensation Plans and Awards. On January 29, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved the 2021 IAP. Under the 2021 IAP, awards representing up to shares of UGI Common Stock may be granted. UGI Unit Awards granted to employees and non-employee directors, including dividend equivalents, are settled in shares of UGI Common Stock and cash. The 2021 IAP supersedes and replaces the 2013 OICP for awards granted on or after February 1, 2021. The terms and conditions of the 2013 OICP will continue to govern any outstanding awards granted thereunder. Similar to the 2013 OICP, under the 2021 IAP, we may grant options to acquire shares of UGI Common Stock, SARs, UGI Units (comprising Stock Units and UGI Performance Units ), other equity-based awards and cash to key employees and non-employee directors. The exercise price for options may not be less than the fair market value on the grant date. Awards granted under the 2021 IAP may vest immediately or ratably over a period of years, and stock options can be exercised no later than from the grant date. Except in the event of retirement, death or disability, each grant, unless paid, will terminate when the participant ceases to be employed. There are certain change of control and retirement eligibility conditions that, if met, generally result in accelerated vesting or elimination of further service requirements. 
 There we re s hares of Common Stock available for future grants under the 2021 IAP at September 30, 2024 . 
 UGI Stock Option Awards . We measure the fair value of stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses certain key assumptions for such options related to the expected life, volatility, dividend yield and the Company s risk-free rate at the valuation date. The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted under our option plans w as , and in Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there wa s of unrecognized compensation cost associated with unvested stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. There were stock options outstanding at September 30, 2024, of which, stock options were exercisable with a weighted-average option price of . 
 UGI Unit Awards . Awards of UGI Stock Units and UGI Performance Units subject to market-based conditions entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash once the service condition is met and, with respect to UGI Performance Unit subject to market-based conditions, subject to UGI s TSR percentile rank relative to companies in the UGI comparator group. Recipients of UGI Performance Units subject to market-based conditions are awarded a target number of such awards. The number of UGI Performance Units subject to market-based conditions ultimately paid at the end of the performance period (generally years) may be higher or lower than the target amount, or even zero , based on UGI s TSR percentile rank relative to companies in the UGI comparator group. Grantees may receive to of the target award granted. Awards granted vest ratably over the performance period. 
 Starting in Fiscal 2023, the Company granted UGI EPS Performance Unit awards. UGI EPS Performance Units entitle the grantee to shares of UGI Common Stock or cash once the service condition is met and subject to the achievement of a UGI EPS goal, which is a non-market performance condition. Recipients of UGI EPS Performance Units are awarded a target number of UGI EPS Performance Units. The number of UGI EPS Performance Units ultimately paid at the end of the service period (generally years) may be higher or lower than the target amount, or even zero , based upon the actual EPS performance of the company. Grantees may receive to of the target award granted. Awards granted vest ratably over the performance period. 
 The fair value of UGI Stock Units on the grant date is equal to the market price of UGI Stock on the grant date plus the fair value of dividend equivalents if applicable. The fair value of UGI Performance Units is estimated using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The fair value associated with the target award is accounted for as equity and the fair value of the award over the target, as well as all dividend equivalents, is accounted for as a liability. The fair value of UGI EPS Performance Units is equal to the market price of UGI stock on the grant date plus the fair value of dividend equivalents if applicable. 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of UGI Stock Units, UGI Performance Units and UGI EPS Performance Units granted to employees during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, and Fiscal 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 unrecognized compensation cost associated with UGI Unit awards outstanding that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average per iod of years. As of September 30, 2024, there were UGI Unit awards outstanding with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of pe r share. 

, contain purchase options. The Company generally excludes purchase options in evaluating its leases unless it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Additionally, leases of fleet vehicles often contain residual value guarantees that are due at the end of the lease. Such amounts are included in the determination of lease liabilities when we are reasonably certain that they will be owed. 
 
 Certain leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on asset usage or are based on changes in index rates, such as the Consumer Price Index. The variable payments component of such leases cannot be determined at lease commencement and is not recognized in the measurement of ROU assets or lease liabilities, but is recognized in earnings in the period in which the obligation occurs. 
 
 Sale-leaseback transaction. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, AmeriGas OLP completed a sale-leaseback transaction with an independent third party for the land, building and improvements of an office and service center located in Gardena, California. The office and service center was leased back to AmeriGas OLP under an operating lease agreement having an initial term with an option to renew. In conjunction with the transaction, AmeriGas OLP received approximately in cash proceeds which resulted in a pre-tax gain of , reflected in Other operating income, net on the Fiscal 2023 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Other assets Finance lease ROU assets Property, plant and equipment Total ROU assets Lease liabilities: Operating lease liabilities current Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities noncurrent Other noncurrent liabilities Finance lease liabilities current Current maturities of long-term debt Finance lease liabilities noncurrent Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets Interest on lease liabilities Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 The following table presents the cash and non-cash activity related to lease liabilities included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 
 2024 2023 2022 Cash paid related to lease liabilities: Operating cash flows operating leases Operating cash flows finance leases Financing cash flows finance leases Non-cash lease liability activities: ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 
 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate ) 2024 2023 Operating leases Finance leases 
 ) Finance leases ) 
 Approximately of the operating lease liabilities presented above relate to AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, operating and finance leases that had not yet commenced were t material. 
 
 Lessor 
 
 and certain agreements at UGI International contain a purchase option. Energy Services leases certain natural gas gathering assets to customers, which we classify as operating leases. Lease income is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and included in Revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 4 for additional information on these revenues. 

acquired subsidiaries, with similar histories of owning, and in some cases operating, MGPs in Pennsylvania. 
 
 UGI Utilities is subject to a COA with the PADEP to address the remediation of specified former MGP sites in Pennsylvania, which is scheduled to terminate at the end of 2031. In accordance with the COA, UGI Utilities is required to either obtain a certain number of points per calendar year based on defined eligible environmental investigatory and/or remedial activities at the MGPs, or make expenditures for such activities in an amount equal to an annual environmental minimum expenditure threshold. The annual minimum expenditure threshold of the COA is . At September 30, 2024 and 2023, our aggregate estimated accrued liabilities for environmental investigation and remediation costs related to the COA totaled and , respectively. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 RODs related to remediation of the site totaling approximately and requested additional information regarding AmeriGas OLP s purported ownership. AmeriGas OLP renewed its challenge to designation as a PRP and identified potential defenses. The NYDEC subsequently identified a third party PRP with respect to the site. 
 
 The NYDEC commenced implementation of the remediation plan in the spring of 2018. In Fiscal 2024, the NYDEC informed AmeriGas OLP that the remediation plan had been completed at a total cost of approximately . The New York Office of the Attorney General, as counsel for the NYDEC, invited AmeriGas OLP to participate in settlement discussions. Based on our evaluation of the available information as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Partnership has an undiscounted environmental remediation liability of related to the site. Our share of the actual remediation costs could be significantly more or less than the accrued amount. 
 Other Matters 
 
 West Reading, Pennsylvania Explosion. On March 24, 2023, an explosion occurred in West Reading, Pennsylvania which resulted in fatalities, significant injuries to others, and extensive property damage to buildings owned by R.M. Palmer, a local chocolate manufacturer, and other neighboring structures. The NTSB and the PAPUC are investigating the West Reading incident. On July 18, 2023, the NTSB issued an Investigative Update in its ongoing investigation. That report identifies a fracture in a retired UGI gas service tee and a fracture in a nearby steam system, but it does not address causation of the fractures or the explosion. The NTSB investigative team includes representatives from the Company, the PAPUC, the local fire department and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. The Company is cooperating with the investigation. The NTSB may invite other parties to participate. In September 2023, OSHA closed their investigation of this matter, without any finding pertaining to UGI Utilities. 
 
 While the investigation into this incident is still underway and the cause of the explosion has not been determined, the Company has received claims as a result of the explosion and is involved in lawsuits relative to the incident. The Company maintains liability insurance for personal injury, property and casualty damages and believes that third-party claims associated with the explosion, in excess of the Company s deductible, are recoverable through the Company s insurance. The Company cannot predict the result of these pending or future claims and legal actions at this time. 
 Regarding these pending claims and legal actions, the Company does not believe, at this early stage, that there is sufficient information available to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, or conclude that the final outcome of these matters will or will not have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

, which are reflected in Operating and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Foreign currency contracts Interest rate contracts Liabilities: Commodity contracts ) ) ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Non-qualified supplemental postretirement grantor trust investments (a) September 30, 2023 Derivative instruments: Assets: Commodity contracts (b) Foreign currency contracts Interest rate contracts Liabilities: Commodity contracts (b) ) ) ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) Non-qualified supplemental postretirement grantor trust investments (a) 
 (a) Consists primarily of mutual fund investments held in grantor trusts associated with non-qualified supplemental retirement plans (see Note 8). 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

The fair values of our Level 1 exchange-traded commodity futures and option contracts and non-exchange-traded commodity futures and forward contracts are based upon actively quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities. Substantially all of the remaining derivative instruments are designated as Level 2. The fair values of certain non-exchange-traded commodity derivatives designated as Level 2 are based upon indicative price quotations available through brokers, industry price publications or recent market transactions and related market indicators. The fair values of our Level 2 interest rate contracts and foreign currency contracts are based upon third-party quotes or indicative values based on recent market transactions. The fair values of investments held in grantor trusts are derived from quoted market prices as substantially all of the investments in these trusts have active markets. 
 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 In connection with the disposition of UGID in Fiscal 2024, we recognized a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of to reduce the carrying amount of UGID s long-lived assets included in the disposal group to their estimated fair value. The Company determined the estimated fair value of such assets fell within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and was based upon the then-estimated sales price. See Note 5 for additional information on the disposition of UGID. 
 
 Based on our goodwill impairment evaluations in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the estimated fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of and in Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively. See Note 12 for additional information on the impairment test, including the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the AmeriGas Propane reporting unit. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of other financial instruments included in current assets and current liabilities (except for current maturities of long-term debt) approximate their fair values because of their short-term nature. We estimate the fair value of long-term debt by using current market rates and by discounting future cash flows using rates available for similar type debt (Level 2). 
 Estimated fair value 
 Financial instruments other than derivative instruments, such as short-term investments and trade accounts receivable, could expose us to concentrations of credit risk. We limit credit risk from short-term investments by investing only in investment-grade commercial paper, money market mutual funds, securities guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies and FDIC insured bank deposits. The credit risk arising from concentrations of trade accounts receivable is limited because we have a large customer base that extends across many different U.S. markets and a number of foreign countries. See Note 18 for information regarding concentrations of credit risk associated with our derivative instruments. 

F-54 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 gain. This gain was deferred in AOCI and was amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the initial interest rate swap ending July 2024. 
 The remainder of our long-term debt is typically issued at fixed rates of interest. As this long-term debt matures, we typically refinance such debt with new debt having interest rates reflecting then-current market conditions. In order to reduce market rate risk on the underlying benchmark rate of interest associated with near- to medium-term forecasted issuances of fixed-rate debt, from time to time we enter into IRPAs. We account for IRPAs as cash flow hedges. There were unsettled IRPAs during any of the periods presented. At September 30, 2024, the amount of pre-tax net gains associated with interest rate hedges expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months is . 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 of anticipated UGI International foreign currency earnings before income taxes. Because these contracts are not designated as hedging instruments, realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in Other non-operating (expense) income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 From time to time, we also enter into certain forward foreign currency exchange contracts to reduce the volatility of the USD value of a portion of our UGI International euro-denominated net investments, including anticipated foreign currency denominated dividends. We account for these foreign currency exchange contracts as net investment hedges and all changes in the fair value of these contracts are reported in the cumulative translation adjustment component in AOCI. We use the spot rate method to measure ineffectiveness of our net investment hedges. 
 Our euro-denominated long-term debt has also been designated as net investment hedges, representing a portion of our UGI International euro-denominated net investment. We recognized pre-tax (losses) gains associated with these net investment hedges in the foreign currency component of AOCI totaling ), ) and during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 
 Quantitative Disclosures Related to Derivative Instruments 
 
 Non-utility Operations LPG swaps Gallons December 2026 Natural gas futures, forward, basis swap, options and pipeline contracts (a) Dekatherms March 2028 Electricity forward and futures contracts Kilowatt hours December 2027 Interest Rate Risk: Interest rate swaps Euro March 2026 Interest rate swaps USD September 2027 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk: Forward foreign currency exchange contracts USD September 2027 Net investment hedge forward foreign exchange contracts Euro December 2026 
 (a) Amounts at September 30, 2023 include contracts associated with certain UGI International energy marketing business transactions that qualified for held for sale accounting treatment (see Note 5). 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 . In general, many of our over-the-counter derivative instruments and all exchange contracts call for the posting of collateral by the counterparty or by the Company in the forms of letters of credit, parental guarantees or cash. At September 30, 2024, we had received cash collateral from derivative instrument counterparties totaling . In addition, we may have offsetting derivative liabilities and certain accounts payable balances with certain of these counterparties, which further mitigates the previously mentioned maximum amount of losses. Certain of the Partnership s derivative contracts have credit-risk-related contingent features that may require the posting of additional collateral in the event of a downgrade of the Partnership s debt rating. At September 30, 2024, if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered, the amount of collateral required to be posted would not be material. 
 Offsetting Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are presented net by counterparty on the Consolidated Balance Sheets if the right of offset exists. We offset amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral against amounts recognized for derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty. Our derivative instruments include both those that are executed on an exchange through brokers and centrally cleared and over-the-counter transactions. Exchange contracts utilize a financial intermediary, exchange, or clearinghouse to enter, execute, or clear the transactions. Over-the-counter contracts are bilateral contracts that are transacted directly with a third party. Certain over-the-counter and exchange contracts contain contractual rights of offset through master netting arrangements, derivative clearing agreements, and contract default provisions. In addition, the contracts are subject to conditional rights of offset through counterparty nonperformance, insolvency or other conditions. 
 In general, many of our over-the-counter transactions and all exchange contracts are subject to collateral requirements. Types of collateral generally include cash or letters of credit. Cash collateral paid by us to our over-the-counter derivative counterparties, if any, is reflected in the table below to offset derivative liabilities. Cash collateral received by us from our over-the-counter derivative counterparties, if any, is reflected in the table below to offset derivative assets. Certain other accounts receivable and accounts payable balances recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with our derivative counterparties are not included in the table below but could reduce our net exposure to such counterparties because such balances are subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 
 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Interest rate contracts Derivatives subject to PGC and DS mechanisms: Commodity contracts Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodity contracts (a) Foreign currency contracts Total derivative assets gross Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet ) ) Cash collateral received ) ) Total derivative assets net Derivative liabilities: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts ) Derivatives subject to PGC and DS mechanisms: Commodity contracts ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodity contracts (a) ) ) Foreign currency contracts ) ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities gross ) ) Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet Cash collateral pledged Total derivative liabilities net ) ) 
 (a) Amounts at September 30, 2023 include derivative contracts associated with certain UGI International energy marketing business transactions (see Note 5). The related derivative assets and liabilities qualify for held for sale accounting treatment and are included in Other current assets and Other current liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2023. 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) ) Interest expense Net Investment Hedges: Foreign currency contracts ) ) 
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 2024 2023 2022 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Commodity contracts ) Revenues Commodity contracts ) ) Cost of sales Commodity contracts Other operating income, net Foreign currency contracts ) ) Other non-operating (expense) income, net Total ) ) 
 We are also a party to a number of other contracts that have elements of a derivative instrument. However, these contracts qualify for NPNS exception accounting because they provide for the delivery of products or services in quantities that are expected to be used in the normal course of operating our business and the price in these contracts are based on an underlying that is directly associated with the price of the product or service being purchased or sold. These contracts include, among others, binding purchase orders, contracts that provide for the purchase and delivery, or sale, of energy products, and service contracts that require the counterparty to provide commodity storage, transportation or capacity service to meet our normal sales commitments. 

F-59 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification adjustments ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI ) ) AOCI - September 30, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification adjustments Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI ) AOCI - September 30, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification adjustments ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to UGI ) ) AOCI - September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

Gains on sales of fixed assets, net (a) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) ) Cylinder deposit income Interest and interest-related income Other, net ) Total other operating income, net 
 gain on the sale of UGI Corporation s headquarters building in August 2023. 
 
 Other Non-Operating (Expense) Income, Net ) Amortization of excluded components of certain net investment hedges 
 Pension and other postretirement plans non-service income, net Total other non-operating (expense) income, net ) ) 
 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Pine Run MBL Bioenergy Other various various Total Midstream Marketing UGI International various various Other various various Total investments in equity method investees 
 
 Aurum Renewables . In January 2023, the Company, through its wholly owned indirect subsidiary, entered into a joint venture agreement with a third party Archaea Holdings, LLC Archaea ). The primary purpose of the joint venture, Aurum Renewables LLC, is to upgrade landfill gas from the Commonwealth Environmental Systems landfill located in Hegins, Pennsylvania to pipeline-quality RNG. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company contributed its existing megawatt landfill gas-to-electricity facility, as non-cash consideration, in return for a equity interest in the joint venture. Aurum Renewables is expected to have the capacity to produce approximately standard cubic feet of landfill gas per minute of pipeline-quality RNG. Archaea led the development, engineering, construction, and operation of the new RNG facility, and Energy Services will take a lead role in marketing the RNG produced by the facility. The project was operational as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Pine Run. Pine Run is a company jointly owned by UGI Pine Run, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Services) and Stonehenge Energy Resources . Pine Run Midstream operates dry gas gathering pipelines and compression assets in western Pennsylvania. Pine Run is accounted for as an equity method investment as we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the entity. 
 
 MBL Bioenergy . MBL Bioenergy is a company jointly owned by UGI Dakota, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy Services), Sevana Bioenergy and a subsidiary of California Bioenergy. The sole purpose of MBL Bioenergy is the development of RNG projects in South Dakota comprising three dairy waste anaerobic digester systems. MBL Bioenergy is a variable interest entity whereby the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary since it does not direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. In addition to consent being required for all equity holders for significant activities, such as major procurement, construction contracting and offtake, our partners manage the day-to-day project management and operations for MBL Bioenergy and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Other Equity Method Investment s. The carrying values of our other equity investments totaled and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and principally comprise a number of investments in biomass and other renewable energy projects at Energy Services and, at September 30, 2023, also held an investment in a renewable energy joint venture at UGI International. 
 
 During Fiscal 2024, UGI International recognized an other-than-temporary pre-tax impairment loss of related to its investment in this joint venture that invests in renewable energy projects. This loss was recorded in (Loss) income from equity investees on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Our maximum exposure to loss related to these investments is limited to the amount invested. 
 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 reportable segments generally based upon products or services sold, geographic location and regulatory environment: (1) Utilities; (2) Midstream Marketing; (3) UGI International; and (4) AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 Our Utilities segment primarily derives its revenues from the sale and distribution of natural gas to customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania and in West Virginia. To a much lesser extent, Utilities also derives revenues from the sale and distribution of electricity in two northeastern Pennsylvania counties. Midstream Marketing derives its revenues principally from the marketing of natural gas, liquid fuels and electricity as well as revenues and fees from storage, pipeline transportation, natural gas gathering, and natural gas and RNG production activities primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. eastern Ohio, the panhandle of West Virginia and California. Midstream Marketing also derives revenues from the sale of electricity through PJM, a regional electricity transmission organization in the eastern U.S. In September 2024, Midstream Marketing sold its ownership interest in UGID principally comprising the Hunlock Creek Energy Center (see Note 5). UGI International derives its revenues principally from the distribution of LPG to retail customers throughout much of Europe. In addition, prior to the sale and wind-down of the substantially all of its European energy marking business, UGI International derived revenue from the marketing of natural gas and electricity to customers in France, the Netherlands, Belgium and the United Kingdom (see Note 5). AmeriGas Propane derives its revenues principally from the sale of propane and related equipment and supplies to retail customers in all states. 
 
 Corporate Other includes the net expenses of UGI s captive general liability insurance company, UGI s corporate headquarters facility and UGI s unallocated corporate and general expenses as well as interest expense on UGI debt that is not allocated. Corporate Other also includes certain items that are excluded from our CODM s assessment of segment performance (see below for further details on these items). Corporate Other assets principally comprise cash and cash equivalents of UGI and its captive insurance company, and other UGI holding company related assets. 
 
 The accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 2. Our CODM evaluates the performance of all of our reportable segments based upon earnings before interest expense and income taxes, excluding the items noted below. 
 
 No single customer represents more than ten percent of our consolidated revenues. In addition, all of our reportable segments revenues, other than those of UGI International, are derived from sources within the United States, and all of our reportable segments long-lived assets, other than those of UGI International, are located in the United States. The amounts of revenues and long-lived assets associated with our operations in France represent approximately and of the respective consolidated amounts. 
 ) Intersegment revenues ) (b) Cost of sales ) (b) ) Operating income (loss) ) (Loss) income from equity investees ) ) ) Loss on extinguishments of debt ) ) Other non-operating (loss) income, net ) ) Earnings (loss) before interest expense and income taxes ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to UGI ) ) Depreciation and amortization Total assets ) Short-term borrowings Capital expenditures (including the effects of accruals) Investments in equity investees 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

 Intersegment revenues ) (b) Cost of sales ) (b) Operating (loss) income ) ) Income (loss) from equity investees ) Loss on extinguishments of debt ) ) Other non-operating (loss) income, net ) ) (Loss) earnings before interest expense and income taxes ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to UGI ) ) Depreciation and amortization Total assets ) Short-term borrowings Capital expenditures (including the effects of accruals) Investments in equity investees 2022 Revenues from external customers Intersegment revenues ) (b) Cost of sales ) (b) ) Operating income (Loss) income from equity investees ) ) ) Loss on extinguishments of debt ) ) Other non-operating income, net Earnings before interest expense and income taxes Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests net income ) ) Net income attributable to UGI Depreciation and amortization Total assets ) Short-term borrowings Capital expenditures (including the effects of accruals) Investments in equity investees 
 
 (a) Corporate Other includes specific items attributable to our reportable segments that are not included in the segment profit measures used by our CODM in assessing our reportable segments performance or allocating resources. The following table presents such pre-tax gains (losses) which have been included in Corporate Other, and the reportable segments to which they relate, for Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 
 F-63 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) 

Net gains (losses) on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Cost of Sales ) Net losses on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Other operating income, net ) AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project Operating and administrative expenses ) Restructuring costs Operating and administrative expenses ) ) ) Loss on extinguishments of debt Loss on extinguishments of debt ) ) Unrealized losses on foreign currency derivative instruments Other non-operating (expense) income, net ) Impairments of equity method investments and assets (Loss) income from equity investees, Other operating income, net ) Loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill Impairment of goodwill ) Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business Revenues ) Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business Operating and administrative expenses; Other operating income, net ) Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business Loss on disposals of businesses ) Loss on disposal of UGID Loss on disposals of businesses ) 2023 Net gains (losses) on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Revenues Net (losses) gains on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Cost of sales ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on extinguishments of debt ) Unrealized gains on foreign currency derivative instruments Other non-operating (expense) income, net ) AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project Operating and administrative expenses ) Loss associated with impairment of AmeriGas Propane goodwill Impairment of goodwill ) Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business Revenues; Operating and administrative expenses ) Costs associated with exit of the UGI International energy marketing business Loss on disposals of businesses ) 
 F-64 

Table of Contents 
 UGI Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Currency in millions, except per share amounts and where indicated otherwise) Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Cost of Sales ) ) Net gains on commodity derivative instruments not associated with current-period transactions Other operating income, net Unrealized gains on foreign currency derivative instruments Other non-operating (expense) income, net Loss on extinguishments of debt Loss on extinguishment of debt ) AmeriGas operations enhancement for growth project Operating and administrative expenses ) Restructuring costs Operating and administrative expenses ) ) ) Impairments associated with certain equity method investments (Loss) income from equity investees ) ) 
 
 (b) Represents the elimination of intersegment transactions principally among Midstream Marketing, Utilities and AmeriGas Propane. 
 
 F-65 

Table of Contents 
 
 UGI CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY) 

Accounts receivable related parties Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Investments in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND COMMON STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts and notes payable Derivative instruments Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 1) ; issued - and , respectively) 
 Common Stock, without par value (authorized shares; issued and shares, respectively) 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total common stockholders equity Total liabilities and common stockholders equity 
 
 Note 1 Commitments and Contingencies: 
 At September 30, 2024, UGI Corporation had agreed to indemnify the issuers of of surety bonds issued on behalf of certain UGI subsidiaries. UGI Corporation is authorized to guarantee up to of obligations to suppliers and customers of Energy Services and subsidiaries of which of such obligations were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 S-1 

Table of Contents 
 
 UGI CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY) 

 Costs and expenses: Operating and administrative expenses Other operating income, net (a) ) ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans non-service expense ) Interest expense ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) Loss before equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) Equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) Net income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to UGI Corporation ) Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to UGI Corporation stockholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted - average common shares outstanding (thousands): Basic Diluted 
 
 (a) UGI provides certain financial and administrative services to certain of its subsidiaries. UGI bills these subsidiaries monthly for all direct expenses incurred by UGI on behalf of its subsidiaries as well as allocated shares of indirect corporate expense incurred or paid with respect to services provided by UGI. The allocation of indirect UGI corporate expenses to certain of its subsidiaries utilizes a weighted, three-component formula comprising revenues, operating expenses, and net assets employed and considers the relative percentage of such items for each subsidiary to the total of such items for all UGI operating subsidiaries for which general and administrative services are provided. Management believes that this allocation method is reasonable and equitable to its subsidiaries. These billed expenses are classified as Other operating income, net in the Statements of Income above. 
 
 S-2 

Table of Contents 
 
 UGI CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE I CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (PARENT COMPANY) 

 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Return of capital distributions Net investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends on UGI Common Stock ) ) ) Issuances of debt, net of issuance costs Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuances of UGI Common Stock Repurchases of UGI Common Stock ) ) Payments on Purchase Contracts ) ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents (decrease) increase ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: End of year Beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents (decrease) increase ) ) 
 
 (a) Includes dividends received from unconsolidated subsidiaries of , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 S-3 

Table of Contents 

 ) (1) Other reserves: Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) (2) Year Ended September 30, 2023 Reserves deducted from assets in the consolidated balance sheet: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (1) Other reserves: Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) (2) Year Ended September 30, 2022 Reserves deducted from assets in the consolidated balance sheet: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (1) Other reserves: Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) (2) 
 (1) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
 (2) Primarily a notional interest deduction valuation allowance adjustment. 
 
 S-4 

<EX-4.25>
 2
 ex425descriptionofsecuriti.htm
 EX-4.25

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.25 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 UGI Corporation our, UGI or the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our common stock, without par value. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following is a description of the terms of our capital stock based on the Company s second amended and restated articles of incorporation (the Articles ), the Company s bylaws (the Bylaws and relevant provisions of the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This summary is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles, Bylaws and the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue 450,000000 shares of common stock, without par value, 1,000 shares of restructuring stock, without par value restructuring stock ), 5,000,000 shares of series preference stock, without par value preference stock and 5,000,000 shares of series preferred, without par value preferred stock , and the restructuring stock, the preference stock, and the preferred stock, collectively the senior stock ). There are no shares of restructuring stock, preferred stock or preference stock issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Pursuant to Pennsylvania law and the Articles, each holder of a UGI common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of record on all matters on which shareholders are entitled to vote. No holder of UGI common stock is entitled to cumulative voting with regard to the election of the directors. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 The holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the UGI board of directors (the board out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential dividend rights of holders of outstanding shares of senior stock. Pennsylvania law generally prohibits the payment of dividends and the repurchase of capital stock if the Company is insolvent or if the Company would become insolvent after the dividend or repurchase. 
 
 Liquidation and Other Rights 
 
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up, either voluntarily or involuntarily, of the Company, subject to the rights and preferences of the holders of any outstanding shares of senior stock, holders of common stock will be entitled to share pro rata in all of the Company's remaining assets available for distribution. 

Miscellaneous 
 
 The holders of the Company's common stock do not have preemptive rights or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Company's common stock. Holders of fully paid shares of the Company's common stock are not subject to any liability for further calls or assessments. 
 
 Ability to Issue Preference Stock and Preferred Stock 
 
 The board may in its discretion, without shareholder approval, at any time or from time to time, issue or cause to be issued all or any part of the authorized and unissued shares of preference stock or preferred stock. The following description of the authorized preference stock and preferred stock is provided to explain the impact any such issuance may have on the rights of the common stock. The description is not a complete description of the preference stock and preferred stock, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles and Bylaws. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in a board resolution, all preference stock of all series will be identical to each other. With respect to the preference stock of all series which rank equally as to payment of dividends and distributions on liquidation, if such amounts are not paid in full, all preference stock of such series will participate ratably in the payment of dividends and in any distribution of assets other than by way of dividends, in accordance with the sums which would be payable on such distribution if all sums payable to holders of such series of preference stock were discharged in full. 
 
 Pursuant to the Articles, 1,000,000 shares of preference stock have been designated as First Series Preference Stock. 
 
 Preference Stock 
 
 The Articles provide that that following general terms of the preference stock apply to the First Series Preference Stock and, if included in a resolution of the board or any committee thereof establishing any other series of preference stock, to any other preference stock issued by UGI. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends on the preference stock will be cumulative and only after dividends on all outstanding preference stock for all past quarterly periods has been paid and full dividends for the current dividend period declared and a sum sufficient for the payment set apart (and any sinking fund obligations are not in arrears) may any dividends be paid to the holders of the common stock and other shares ranking junior to the preference stock with respect to the payment of dividends. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 On any liquidation, before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of any common stock or shares of any other class which, with respect to distributions on liquidation, rank junior to the preference stock, the holders of the preference stock, subject to any preference of the preferred stock, will be entitled to be paid the stated amount fixed by the board in respect of each outstanding series of preference stock plus in each case an amount equal to all accumulated and unpaid dividends to the date of the liquidation payment, whether or not such dividends have been earned or declared. After the liquidation payment has been made in full to the holders of preference stock, they will be entitled to no further payment or distribution. 

Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of the preference stock generally have no voting rights. However, in the event that dividends on any of the preference stock are in arrears for an amount equal to six full quarterly dividends, the holders of the preference stock for which dividends are in arrears, subject to the terms of the preferred stock, will be entitled to vote non-cumulatively at all elections of directors of UGI, and to receive notice of all shareholders meetings to be held for such purpose. At such meetings the holders of such preference stock, voting separately as a class, will be entitled to elect two members of the board of UGI and all other directors of UGI will be elected by the other shareholders of UGI entitled to vote in the election of directors. The voting rights of the holders of such preference stock will continue until all accumulated and unpaid dividends have been paid. 
 
 Without the consent of the holders of at least a majority of the preference stock at the time outstanding, the Company will not merge into or consolidate with any other corporation or corporations, become a party to a share exchange or division, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, unless such merger, consolidation, share exchange, division, sale, lease or other disposition has been ordered, permitted or approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the provisions of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 as now in effect or as hereafter amended or by any successor commission. 
 
 First Series Preference Stock 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The First Series Preference Stock will rank junior to all other series of senior stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any such series provides otherwise. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The quarterly dividend rate on the shares of First Series Preference Stock will be the greater of (x) 50.00 or (y) subject to the provision for adjustment for events such as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the common stock set forth in the Articles, 200 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash and non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of common stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of common stock (by reclassification or otherwise). 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Subject to the provision for adjustment for events such as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the common stock set forth in the Articles, each share of First Series Preference Stock will entitle the holder to 200 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Corporation. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in in the Articles or by law, the holders of shares of First Series Preference Stock and the holders of shares of common stock will vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of UGI. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of any voluntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of UGI and subject to the distributions to be made with respect to preferred or preference stock senior to the First Series Preference Stock, no distribution will be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or liquidation) to the First Series Preference Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of First Series Preference Stock have received 100 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, to the date 

of such payment. Following the payment of the full amount of this liquidation preference, no additional distributions will be made to the holders of shares of First Series Preference Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of common stock have received certain payments as described in the Articles. 
 
 Consolidation Merger 
 
 If UGI enters into any consolidation, merger, combination, share exchange, division or other transaction in which the shares of common stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and or any other property, then in any such case the shares of First Series Preference Stock will at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment for events such as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the common stock set forth in the Articles) equal to 200 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of common stock is changed or exchanged. 
 
 Other Preferred Stock and Preference Stock 
 
 The board is authorized, at any time or from time to time, to divide any or all of such other shares of preference stock or any shares of preferred stock into one or more other series or classes, to fix and determine the number of shares and the designation of such series or class, and to fix and determine the voting rights, designations, preferences, limitations and special rights of any such class or series, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 
 The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preference stock or preferred stock so issued. 
 
 Restructuring Stock 
 
 Shares of Restructuring Stock may be issued or transferred only to a corporation of which substantially all of the common or residual securities are owned, directly or indirectly, by UGI. The description below is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 At all meetings of the shareholders of UGI, the holders of restructuring stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of restructuring stock held by them. Except as otherwise provided in the Articles or by law, holders of restructuring stock and common stock, and any other series of the senior stock having voting rights as a single class with the common stock, will vote together as a single class. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Whenever full dividends or other distributions on all series of preferred stock and preference stock at the time outstanding having preferential dividend or other distribution rights have been paid or declared and set apart for payment, then dividends or other distributions, as may be determined by the board of directors may be declared and paid on the restructuring stock, out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of UGI, after paying or providing for the payment to the holders of shares of all series of preferred stock and preference stock of the full distributive amounts to which they 

are entitled, the holders of restructuring stock will be entitled to receive, as a liquidating distribution and in lieu of any other share in the net assets of UGI, all equity securities owned by the Corporation other than any voting security of any public utility company or holding company, as those terms are then defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 or any successor statute. 
 
 Exchange Rights 
 
 Upon written notice to the Corporation, accompanied by a certificate or certificates representing all of the then outstanding shares of restructuring stock, holders of restructuring stock will be entitled to exchange such shares for all equity securities then owned by the Corporation other than any voting security of any public utility company or holding company, as those terms are then defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 or any successor statute, 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effect of the Company's Governing Documents and Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law 
 
 The Articles and the Bylaws contain a number of provisions relating to corporate governance and to the rights of the Company shareholders. Certain of these provisions may have a potential anti-takeover effect by delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company. In addition, certain provisions of Pennsylvania law may have a similar effect. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Law Provisions under the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law 
 
 The Company is subject to provisions of Chapter 25 of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law (the PBCL ), which may have the effect of discouraging or rendering more difficult a hostile takeover attempt against the Company. These include 
 
 certain transactions with interested shareholders (such as mergers or sales of assets between UGI and a shareholder) where the interested shareholder is a party to the transaction or is treated differently from other shareholders generally require approval by a majority of the disinterested shareholders (Section 2538), 
 shareholders have a right to put their shares to a 20 shareholder at a fair value as determined in an appraisal proceeding for a reasonable period after the 20 stake is acquired (Subchapter E - Sections 2541-2547), 
 a five-year moratorium exists on certain business combinations with a 20 or more shareholder (Subchapter F - Sections 2551-2556), 
 existing shareholders of a corporation in certain circumstances are able to block the voting rights of an acquiring person who makes or proposes to make a control-share acquisition (Subchapter G - Sections 2561-2568), 
 enable UGI to recover certain payments made to shareholders who have evidenced an intent to acquire control of UGI (Subchapter H, Sections 2571-2576), 
 
 Existence of the above provisions could result in UGI being less attractive to a potential acquirer, or result in our shareholders receiving less for their shares of common stock than otherwise might be available if there is a takeover attempt. 
 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 The Bylaws provide that except when acting by unanimous consent to remove a director or directors, the shareholders of UGI may act only at a duly organized meeting. 

Advance Notice Requirements 
 
 The UGI Bylaws allow shareholders to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting by giving prior written notice in proper form to the secretary of the company. 
 
 A nomination proposed to be at an annual meeting will be timely submitted, which generally means being submitted in writing to the secretary of UGI no later than the close of business on the 45th calendar day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date that the definitive proxy statement was filed with the SEC for the immediately preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof. 
 
 Nomination may be made at a meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of election of directors only upon written notice of the shareholder s intent to make such nominations at the meeting delivered to the secretary of UGI (i) not later than the close of business on the 45th calendar day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date that the definitive proxy statement was filed with the SEC for the immediately preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders or special meeting held in lieu thereof or (ii) in the case of a special meeting called by shareholders, not later than the later of (y) 90 calendar days prior to the date of such meeting and (z) 10 calendar days following the date such date is first publicly disclosed. 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 The Bylaws provide that special meetings of the shareholders may only be called (i) at any time and for any purpose or purposes by the chief executive officer or the board pursuant to a resolution adopted by the board, or (ii) by the secretary of UGI upon the written request of the record shareholders of the corporation who hold, in the aggregate, not less than 20 of the outstanding shares of the corporation that would be entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 Exercise of Director Powers Generally 
 
 Under Pennsylvania law, a corporation s directors must act in good faith in a manner which they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the corporation and with such care, including reasonable inquiry, skill and diligence, as a person of ordinary prudence would exercise under the circumstances. 
 
 In considering the best interests of the corporation, Section 1715 of the PBCL provides that the directors of a corporation are not required to regard the interests of the shareholders as being dominant or controlling in making decisions concerning takeovers or any other matters. The directors may consider, to the extent they deem appropriate, among other things, (1) the effects of any proposed action upon any or all groups affected by the action, including, among others, shareholders, employees, creditors, customers and suppliers, (2) the short-term and long-term interests of the corporation, (3) the resources, intent and conduct of any person or group seeking to acquire control of the corporation and (4) all other pertinent factors. Under Pennsylvania law, the fiduciary duty of directors does not require them to take action (including under any of the anti-takeover laws) solely because of the effect that such action might have on a potential or proposed acquisition of control of the corporation, or on the consideration that might be offered or paid to shareholders in such an acquisition. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Unless UGI consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive judicial forum for the following actions and proceedings will be any state court located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, unless no state court located within such county has jurisdiction over a particular action or proceeding, in which case the sole and exclusive judicial forum for such action or proceeding will be the federal United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania 

any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of UGI 
 any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of UGI to UGI or UGI shareholders 
 any action or proceeding asserting a claim against UGI, or any director, officer or other employee of UGI arising pursuant to, or involving any interpretation or enforcement of, any provision of the PBCL, UGI Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws or 
 any action or proceeding asserting a claim peculiar to the relationships between or among UGI and its officers, directors and shareholders, or otherwise governed by or involving the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Such exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 
 Subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules, the Company's authorized but unissued shares of common stock, preference stock, and preferred stock are available for future issuance without your approval. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock, preference stock, and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Exchange Listing 
 
 UGI common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol UGI. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Company's common stock and preferred stock is Computershare Inc. 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 ex1023formofjan12024psueps.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

Exhibit 10.23 
 FORM OF UGI CORPORATION 2021 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 This PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the Award Agreement ), dated as of _____ , ___ (the Date of Grant ), is delivered by UGI Corporation UGI to you (the Participant ). 
 RECITALS 
 The UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the Plan provides for the grant of performance units Performance Units with respect to shares of Common Stock of UGI Shares ). The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of UGI (the Committee has decided to grant Performance Units to the Participant subject to the terms of the Plan. Each capitalized term not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Plan. The Participant s portal in the Morgan Stanley website for Plan participants (the Grant Summary sets forth the number of Performance Units granted to the Participant with respect to this grant. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Award Agreement, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Performance Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and in the Plan, the Committee hereby grants to the Participant a target award of the number of Performance Units specified in the Grant Summary (the Target Award ). The Performance Units are contingently awarded and will be earned and payable if and to the extent that the Performance Goal(s) (defined below) and other conditions of this Award Agreement are met. The Performance Units are granted with Dividend Equivalents (as defined in Section 8). 
 2. Performance Goal(s) . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 3 and 6 below, the Participant shall earn the right to payment of the Performance Units if the Performance Goal(s) as set forth on Exhibit A are met for the Performance Period. The Performance Period is the period beginning October 1, ___ and ending September 30, ___. 
 (b) The Target Award is the amount designated for 100 performance. 
 (c) At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine whether and to what extent the Performance Goal(s) have been met and the amount to be paid with respect to the Performance Units. Except as described in Sections 3 and 6 below, the Participant must be 
 1 

employed by, or providing service to, the Company on September 30, ___ in order for the Participant to receive payment with respect to the Performance Units. 
 3. Termination of Employment or Service . 
 (a) Except as described below, if the Participant ceases to be employed by, or provide services to, the Company before September 30, ___, the Performance Units and all Dividend Equivalents credited under this Award Agreement will be forfeited. 
 (b) If the Participant terminates employment or service on account of Retirement (as defined in Section 8), Disability (as defined in Section 8) or death, the Participant will earn a pro-rata portion of the Participant s outstanding Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents, if the Performance Goal(s) and the requirements of this Award Agreement are met. The prorated portion will be determined as the amount that would otherwise be paid after the end of the Performance Period, based on achievement of the Performance Goal(s), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of completed months the Participant has been employed or provided service to the Company during the Performance Period and the denominator of which is 36. 
 (c) In the event of termination of employment or service on account of Retirement, Disability or death, the prorated amount shall be paid after the end of the Performance Period, pursuant to Section 4 below, except as provided in Section 6. 
 4. Payment with Respect to Performance Units . If the Committee determines that the conditions to payment of the Performance Units have been met, the Company shall pay to the Participant after the Performance Period (i) Shares equal to the number of Performance Units to be paid according to achievement of the Performance Goal(s), up to the Target Award, provided that the Company may withhold Shares to cover required tax withholding in an amount equal to the minimum statutory tax withholding requirement in respect of the Performance Units earned up to the Target Award, and (ii) cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the number of Shares equal to the Performance Units to be paid in excess of the Target Award, subject to applicable tax withholding. Payment shall be made between October 1, ___ and December 31, ___, except as provided in Section 6 below. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents with Respect to Performance Units . 
 (a) Dividend Equivalents shall accrue with respect to Performance Units and shall be payable subject to the same Performance Goal(s) and terms as the Performance Units to which they relate. Dividend Equivalents shall be credited with respect to the Target Award of Performance Units from the Date of Grant until the payment date. If and to the extent that the underlying Performance Units are forfeited, all related Dividend Equivalents shall also be forfeited. 
 (b) While the Performance Units are outstanding, the Company will keep records of Dividend Equivalents in a bookkeeping account for the Participant. On each payment date for a dividend paid by UGI on its Common Stock, the Company shall credit to the Participant s 
 2 

account an amount equal to the Dividend Equivalents associated with the Target Award of Performance Units held by the Participant on the record date for the dividend. No interest will be credited to any such account. 
 (c) The target amount of Dividend Equivalents (100 of the Dividend Equivalents credited to the Participant s account) will be earned if the Target Award is achieved. The Participant can earn up to 200 of the Target Award amount of Dividend Equivalents if the Performance Goal(s) set forth in Exhibit A equal or exceed the max targeted Performance Goal. Except as described in Section 3(b) above, or Section 6, if the Participant s employment or service with the Company terminates before September 30, __, all Dividend Equivalents will be forfeited. 
 (d) Dividend Equivalents will be paid in cash at the same time as the underlying Performance Units are paid, after the Committee determines that the conditions to payment have been met. Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, the Participant may not accrue Dividend Equivalents in excess of 1,000,000 during any calendar year under all grants under the Plan. 
 6. Change in Control . 
 (a) If a Change in Control occurs, the Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents shall not automatically become payable upon the Change in Control, but, instead, shall become payable as described in this Section 6. The Committee may take such other actions with respect to the Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents as it deems appropriate pursuant to the Plan. The term Change in Control shall mean a Change in Control of UGI as defined in the Plan. 
 (b) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, the Committee shall calculate a Change in Control Amount as follows 
 (i) The Performance Period shall end as of the closing date of the Change in Control (the Change in Control Date ). 
 (ii) The Committee shall calculate a Change in Control Amount equal to the greater of (i) the Target Award amount or (ii) the amount of Performance Units that would be payable based on the Company s achievement of the Performance Goal(s) as of the Change in Control Date, as determined by the Committee. The Change in Control Amount shall include related Dividend Equivalents and, if applicable, interest as described below. 
 (i) The Committee shall determine whether the Change in Control Amount attributable to Performance Units shall be (A) converted to units with respect to shares or other equity interests of the acquiring company or its parent Successor Units ), in which case Dividend Equivalents shall continue to be credited on the Successor Units, or (B) valued based on the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the Performance Units as of the Change in Control Date and credited to a bookkeeping account for the Participant, in which case interest shall be credited on the amount so determined at a market rate for the period between the Change in Control Date and the applicable payment date. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4, 
 3 

all payments on and after a Change in Control shall be made in cash. If alternative (A) above is used, the cash payment shall equal the Fair Market Value on the date of payment of the number of shares or other equity interests underlying the Successor Units, plus accrued Dividend Equivalents. All payments shall be subject to applicable tax withholding. 
 (c) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period and the Participant continues in employment or service through the last day of the Performance Period, the Change in Control Amount shall be paid in cash within 2 months following the last day of the Performance Period. 
 (d) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, and the Participant has a Termination without Cause or a Good Reason Termination upon or within two years after the Change in Control Date and before the end of the Performance Period, the Change in Control Amount shall be paid in cash within 30 days after the Participant s separation from service, subject to Section 14 below. 
 (e) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, and the Participant terminates employment or service on account of Retirement, Disability or death upon or after the Change in Control Date and before the end of the Performance Period, the Change in Control Amount shall be paid in cash within 30 days after the Participant s separation from service, subject to Section 14 below provided that, if required by section 409A, if the Participant s Retirement, Disability or death occurs more than two years after the Change in Control Date, payment will be made within 2 months following the last day of the Performance Period, and not upon the earlier separation from service. 
 (f) If a Participant s employment or service terminates on account of Retirement, death or Disability before a Change in Control, and a Change in Control subsequently occurs before the end of the Performance Period, the prorated amount in Section 3(b) shall be calculated by multiplying the fraction described in Section 3(b) by the Change in Control Amount. The prorated Change in Control Amount shall be paid in cash within 30 days after the Change in Control Date, subject to Section 14 below. 
 7. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, in consideration for the grant of Performance Units, the Participant agrees to comply with all written restrictive covenants and agreements with the Company, including non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality covenants (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants ). 
 (b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Participant breaches any of the Restrictive Covenants 
 (i) The Committee may in its discretion determine that the Participant shall forfeit the outstanding Performance Units (without regard to whether the Performance Units have vested), and the outstanding Performance Units shall immediately terminate and 
 4 

(ii) If the Participant breaches any of the Restrictive Covenants within 12 months following receipt of any shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Performance Units, the Committee may in its discretion require the Participant to return to the Company any such shares of Common Stock provided, that if the Participant has disposed of any such shares of Common Stock received upon settlement of the Performance Units, then the Committee may require the Participant to pay to the Company, in cash, the fair market value of such shares of Common Stock as of the date of disposition. 
 8. Definitions . For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings set forth below 
 (a) Company means UGI and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Plan). 
 (b) Disability means a long-term disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan applicable to the Participant. 
 (c) Dividend Equivalent means an amount determined by multiplying the number of shares of UGI Common Stock subject to the target award of Performance Units by the per-share cash dividend, or the per-share fair market value of any dividend in consideration other than cash, paid by UGI on its Common Stock. 
 (d) Employed by, or provide service to, the Company shall mean employment or service as an employee or director of the Company. The Participant shall not be considered to have a termination of employment or service under this Award Agreement until the Participant is no longer employed by, or performing services for, the Company. 
 (e) Good Reason Termination means a termination of employment or service initiated by the Participant upon or within two years after a Change in Control upon one or more of the following events 
 (i) a material diminution in the authority, duties or responsibilities held by the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control 
 (ii) a material diminution in the Participant s base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or 
 (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which the Participant must perform services (which, for purposes of this Agreement, means the Participant is required to report, other than on a temporary basis (less than 12 months), to a location which is more than 50 miles from the Participant s principal place of business immediately before the Change in Control, without the Participant s express written consent). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall be considered to have a Good Reason Termination only if the Participant provides written notice to the Company, pursuant to Section 16, specifying in reasonable detail the events or conditions upon which the Participant is basing 
 5 

such Good Reason Termination and the Participant provides such notice within 90 days after the event that gives rise to the Good Reason Termination. Within 30 days after notice has been provided, the Company shall have the opportunity, but shall have no obligation, to cure such events or conditions that give rise to the Good Reason Termination. If the Company does not cure such events or conditions within the 30-day period, the Participant may terminate employment or service with the Company based on Good Reason Termination within 30 days after the expiration of the cure period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant has in effect a Change in Control Agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, the term Good Reason Termination shall have the meaning given that term in the Change in Control Agreement. 
 (f) Performance Unit means a hypothetical unit that represents the value of one share of UGI Common Stock. 
 (g) Retirement means the Participant s retirement under the Retirement Income Plan for Employees of UGI Utilities, Inc., if the Participant is covered by that Retirement Income Plan. Retirement for other Company employees means termination of employment or service after attaining (i) age 55 with ten or more years of service with the Company or (ii) age 65 with five or more years of service with the Company. 
 (h) Termination without Cause means termination of employment or service by the Company for the convenience of the Company for any reason other than (i) theft or misappropriation of funds or conduct that has an adverse effect on the reputation of the Company, (ii) conviction of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, (iii) material breach of the Company s written code of conduct, or other material written employment policies, applicable to the Participant, (iv) breach of any written confidentiality, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant between the Participant and the Company, (v) gross misconduct in the performance of duties, or (vi) intentional refusal or failure to perform the material duties of the Participant s position. 
 9. Withholding . All payments under this Award Agreement are subject to applicable tax withholding. The Participant shall be required to pay to the Company, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Company to provide for the payment of, any federal (including FICA), state, local or other taxes that the Company is required to withhold with respect to the payments under this Award Agreement. The Company may withhold from cash distributions to cover required tax withholding, or may withhold Shares to cover required tax withholding in an amount equal to the minimum applicable tax withholding amount. 
 10. Grant Subject to Plan Provisions and Company Policies . 
 (a) This grant is made pursuant to the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The grant and payment of Performance Units and Dividend Equivalents are subject to interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions pertaining to 
 6 

(i) the registration, qualification or listing of the Shares, (ii) adjustments pursuant to Section 5(d) of the Plan, and (iii) other requirements of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to interpret and construe the grant pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder. 
 (b) This Performance Unit grant and Shares issued pursuant to this Performance Unit grant shall be subject to the UGI Corporation Stock Ownership Policy as adopted by the Board of Directors of UGI and any applicable clawback and other policies implemented by the Board of Directors of UGI, as in effect from time to time. 
 11. No Employment or Other Rights . The grant of Performance Units shall not confer upon the Participant any right to be retained by or in the employ or service of the Company and shall not interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time. The right of the Company to terminate at will the Participant s employment or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved. 
 12. No Shareholder Rights . Neither the Participant, nor any person entitled to receive payment in the event of the Participant s death, shall have any of the rights and privileges of a shareholder with respect to the Shares related to the Performance Units, unless and until certificates for Shares have been distributed to the Participant or successor. 
 13. Assignment and Transfers . The rights and interests of the Participant under this Award Agreement may not be sold, assigned, encumbered or otherwise transferred except, in the event of the death of the Participant, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. If the Participant dies, any payments to be made under this Award Agreement after the Participant s death shall be paid to the Participant s estate. The rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company and to the Company s parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates. 
 14. Compliance with Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding the other provisions hereof, this Award Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or an exception, and shall be administered accordingly. Any reference to a Participant s termination of employment shall mean a Participant s separation from service, as such term is defined under section 409A. For purposes of section 409A, each payment of compensation under this Award Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant is a key employee under section 409A and if payment of any amount under this Award Agreement is required to be delayed for a period of six months after separation from service pursuant to section 409A, payment of such amount shall be delayed as required by section 409A and shall be paid within 10 days after the end of the six-month period. If the Participant dies during such six-month period, the amounts withheld on account of section 409A shall be paid to the personal representative of the Participant s estate within 60 days after the date of the Participant s death. 
 15. Applicable Law . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
 7 

Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 
 16. Notice . Any notice to UGI provided for in this Award Agreement shall be addressed to UGI in care of the Corporate Secretary at UGI s headquarters, and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Company, or to such other address as the Participant may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand, sent by telecopy or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 
 17. Acceptance . By accepting this grant through the Morgan Stanley on-line system, the Participant (i) acknowledges receipt of the Plan incorporated herein, (ii) acknowledges that Participant has read the Grant Summary and Award Agreement and understands the terms and conditions of them, (iii) accepts the Performance Units described in the Award Agreement, (iv) agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan, including the Award Agreement, and (v) agrees that all the decisions and determinations of the Board or the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and any other person having or claiming a right under this Grant. 

8 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 ex10xxformofpostemployment.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28 

 FORM OF 
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-SOLICITATION, AND NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of this ____ day of _____, 20__ by and between ______, an individual Employee and UGI Corporation UGI or the Company ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee has been extended an offer of employment with the Company as ______ and 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee acknowledges that the business in which the Company is engaged is highly competitive, that the Company devotes a substantial amount of time and effort to the development and maintenance of Confidential Information (defined below) and that Confidential Information constitutes a valuable asset of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee will be provided with and have access to Confidential Information during the course of Employee s employment and is responsible for the overall management of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company will introduce Employee to important actual and potential Company clients, customers, investors, service providers, vendors, suppliers, business partners and other relationships, and Employee will be responsible for maintaining and growing such relationships and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company will be entrusting Employee with the goodwill of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee will have the opportunity to develop relationships with the Company s employees, including the executive leadership team and senior management of the various business units and 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee agrees that Employee s receipt of any of the foregoing would give Employee an unfair competitive advantage if Employee s activities during employment, and for a reasonable period thereafter, were not restricted as provided for in this Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, Employee agrees that the Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates and 
 
 WHEREAS , it would be detrimental to the Company for Employee to disclose Confidential Information or unfairly compete with the Company and unfairly solicit in a manner prohibited by this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Employee s offer of employment, and the mutual promises contained herein, and intending to be legally bound, Employee and the Company agree as follows 
 
 1. Whereas Clauses . 
 The Whereas Clauses contained in the lettered paragraphs above are hereby incorporated and made a part of this Agreement. 
 2. Definitions . 
 a. The term Confidential Information as used herein shall mean an item of information, or a compilation of information, in any form (tangible or intangible) related to the Company s, or its parents, subsidiaries , and affiliates , business or the business or personal affairs of the Company s, or its parents, subsidiaries , and affiliates , customers, that the Company has not made public or of which it has not authorized public disclosure and that is not already generally known to the public or to other persons (individual(s) or entity(ies)) who might obtain value or competitive advantage from its disclosure or use. Confidential Information will not lose its protected status under this Agreement if it becomes known to others through improper means such as the unauthorized use or disclosure of the information by Employee or another person. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, information regarding (1) actual or anticipated business (2) products, sales and marketing plans (3) technical data (4) trade secrets (5) past, present and prospective customer identities, lists, preferences, credit information and gas usage patterns (6) pricing and marketing policies and practices (7) financial and forecast information (8) passwords, log-in information and other details relating to system access, databases and computer programs (9) contractual and other dealings with customers, vendors and suppliers (10) acquisition and strategic plans, including but not limited to global procurement strategy (11) all operating policies and practices and (12) any information Employee has reason to know that the Company treats, or its subsidiaries and affiliates treat as confidential for any purpose. 
 b. The term Territory refers to the 50 States of the United States and any other United States territories and foreign countries in which the Company, its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, conduct business and in which Employee was responsible for performing services or about which Employee learned Confidential Information during the Look Back Period. 
 c. The term Termination Date means the last day that Employee performs services for the Company, regardless of the reason for Employee s separation from the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, and which party ends the employment relationship. 
 3. Confidential Information and Company Property . 
 a. Employee will protect the Confidential Information of the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, predecessors and affiliates, as well as Confidential Information of any other 
 2 

party to whom the Company owes an obligation of non-disclosure, from disclosure and will not divulge it during or after Employee s employment to any other person or entity not associated with the Company, except as necessary to fulfill Employee s obligations, duties and responsibilities associated with Employee s work on behalf of the Company. To the extent that Employee is required to disclose Confidential Information in accordance with judicial proceedings or administrative orders, Employee shall give the Company reasonable notice prior to such disclosure and shall comply with any applicable protective order. 
 b. All reports, manuals, memoranda, electronic information and data and other materials made available to Employee by the Company during the performance of Employee s duties are the property of the Company, and Employee will use all such property exclusively for the Company s benefit and will return it, including copies, to the Company upon request of the Company, and in any event, without the requirement of a request, upon the termination of Employee s employment. Employee shall take reasonable security precautions and measures to maintain and protect the confidentiality of Confidential Information, and shall follow all policies and procedures of the Company regarding the handling, use, access, distribution, maintenance, and disclosure of same. 
 c. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits Employee from reporting an event that Employee reasonably and in good faith believes is a violation of law to the relevant law-enforcement agency (such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or Department of Labor), or from cooperating in an investigation conducted by such a government agency. This may include disclosure of trade secret or Confidential Information within the limitations permitted by the 2016 Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA). Employee is hereby provided notice that under the DTSA, (1) no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in the Economic Espionage Act) that (A) is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public and, (2) an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. 
 4. Intellectual Property Ownership 
 
 a. Employee recognizes, acknowledges and agrees that as part of Employee s employment with the Company, Employee is expected to make new contributions of value to the Company. Employee agrees to promptly and fully disclose to the Company in writing any and all inventions, ideas, discoveries, information (including Confidential Information), trade secrets, works of authorship, documents, records, proposals, writings, drawings, curricula, plans, schematics, computer programs and modules (both source and object codes, display screens and layouts, intranet files and data, server-side website documents and files, functions, subroutines, 
 3 

procedures, variable definitions, libraries and linking scripts), projects, know-how, processes, formulas, designs, research data, clinical data, techniques, modifications, developments, improvements or revisions (collectively, Inventions ), whether or not patentable or registrable under copyright, trademark or similar statutes subject to analogous protection, which Employee may in whole or any part make, devise, conceive, create, design, invent, develop, reduce to practice or discover, either solely or jointly with another or others (whether or not Company personnel), during Employee s employment by the Company (whether at the request or upon the suggestion of the Company or otherwise, and whether during or outside of normal working hours), which (a) result from or relate to tasks assigned to Employee by the Company, (b) relate to the business of the Company or any of the products, services or technology sold, marketed or being developed by the Company, or (c) result from the use of premises or personal property (whether tangible or intangible) owned, leased or contracted for by the Company. All of the foregoing will belong exclusively to the Company and the Company will be deemed the author or creator thereof. 
 b. Employee will assign to the Company, and hereby does so assign, Employee s rights, title and interest (including, but not limited to, any patents, copyrights and trademarks) in and to the Inventions and benefits and or rights resulting therefrom to the Company and its assigns without further compensation and will communicate, without disclosing to others, all available information relating to the Inventions (with all necessary code, explanatory information, plans and models) to the Company. 
 c. Upon the request of the Company, whether made during or after the period of Employee s employment with the Company, Employee will, without further compensation, promptly sign, execute, make and do all such deeds, documents, acts and things as the Company and its duly authorized agents may reasonably require (a) to apply for, obtain, register and vest in the name of the Company alone (unless the Company otherwise directs) letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other analogous protection in any country throughout the world and when so obtained or vested to renew and restore the same and (b) to defend any judicial, opposition or other proceedings in respect of such applications and any judicial, opposition or other proceedings or petitions or applications for revocation of such letters patents, copyright, trademark or other analogous protection. Employee further agrees that the Company is authorized to take such actions (including but not limited to making filings) in the Company and or Employee s name which the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable to accomplish the foregoing. 
 To preclude any possible uncertainty with regard to ownership of any developments or intellectual property, Employee represents that Employee has provided to the Company a list of developments that Employee has, alone or jointly with others, conceived, developed or reduced to practice prior to the commencement of Employee s employment with the Company that Employee considers to be Employee s property or the property of third parties and that Employee wishes to have excluded from the scope of this Agreement Prior Developments ). If disclosure of any such Prior Developments would cause Employee to violate any prior confidentiality agreement, Employee understands that Employee should not list such Prior Developments but only should disclose a cursory name for each such invention, a listing of the 
 4 

party(ies) to whom it belongs and the fact that full disclosure as to such inventions has not been made for that reason. If Employee has not provided any such list, Employee represents that there are no Prior Developments. 
 5. Non-competition and Non-solicitation . 
 In order to protect, among other things, the Company s interests and investment in Confidential Information, its relationships with its customers, vendors, contractors, and employees, and its goodwill, and as a material inducement to the Company to provide Employee with the consideration for this Agreement set forth above, Employee covenants and agrees that 
 a. Employee will not during the term of Employee s employment with the Company and for the two (2) year period following the Termination Date, directly or through others, participate in soliciting or communicating with a Customer of the Company or, for the benefit of a Competitor, request, induce, or advise any Customer of the Company to withdraw, curtail, modify or cancel their business with the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Customer of the Company means any Company customer with whom Employee had business-related contact or about which Employee received Confidential Information during the Look Back Period and any prospective customers of the Company which Employee solicited for the Company or received Confidential Information about during the Look Back Period and Competitor means any business that provides a product or service that competes with the products or services of the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates, that Employee was involved in or learned Confidential Information about during the Look Back Period. 
 
 Nothing in this Paragraph 5(a) shall prohibit Employee from passively investing in a publicly held business that competes with the Company provided Employee s investment is less than 1 of the outstanding stock or market value of the business and Employee does not otherwise violate this Agreement. 
 b. Employee will not during the term of Employee s employment with the Company and for a period of two (2) year following the Termination Date, directly or through others (i) for the benefit of a Competitor s operations or sales within the Territory, act individually or as an owner, operator, shareholder, principal, director, officer, consultant, partner, employee, contractor, agent, or otherwise (other than on behalf of the Company) provide services that are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services Employee provided to the Company during the last two (2) years of employment or such shorter period of time as Employee has been employed Look Back Period or (ii) provide such services that are otherwise likely or probable to result in the use or disclosure of Confidential Information or the conversion of Customers of the Company to the benefit of a Competitor and the detriment of the Company. 
 c. Employee will not during the term of Employee s employment with the Company and for the two (2) year period following the Termination Date, directly or through others, participate in soliciting or communicating with any Company employee, consultant, or independent contractor for the purpose of persuading the employee, consultant, or independent 
 5 

contractor to end or modify the employee s or independent contractor s relationship with the Company. 
 6. Tolling . 
 In the event Employee breaches any or all subparagraphs of Paragraph 5 of this Agreement and the Company seeks injunctive relief to enforce those provisions, the time period for Employee s obligations will be extended by one day for each day Employee s violation thereof, up to a maximum of one (1) year, or to the extent permitted by law. 
 7. Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) . 
 Employee is only authorized to access the Company s computers that are within the course and scope of Employee s duties for the Company, and may only do so while in the active employment of the Company. All such authorization ends immediately upon the termination of employment. Employee is not authorized to access and use the Company s computers, email, or related computer systems to compete or to prepare to compete, or to otherwise compromise the Company s legitimate business interests, and unauthorized access to or use of the Company s computers in violation of the foregoing may subject Employee to civil and or criminal liability. 
 8. Remedies . 
 Employee acknowledges that the Company s remedies at law for any breach of the provisions contained herein would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, in the event of such a breach, in addition to any remedies at law the Company would be entitled to obtain, Employee consents to the issuance of equitable relief in the form of specific performance, temporary or permanent injunctive relief or any other equitable remedy which might be available. Employee agrees to pay any and all reasonable attorneys fees the Company incurs in successfully enforcing this Agreement, however, if Employee resides in and is subject to the law of a state that would convert this recovery of attorney s fees provision to a reciprocal obligation or an obligation where the prevailing party would recover fees and costs, then such recovery of attorneys fees and costs provision shall not apply and each party will bear its own attorneys fees and costs. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit any common law or statutory duty Employee would otherwise owe to the Company absent this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the protection of trade secrets and Employee s duty of loyalty nor shall this Agreement limit or eliminate any remedies available to the Company for a violation of such duties. 
 9. Entire Agreement . 
 
 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any previous communications, representations, arrangements or agreements, whether written or oral. 
 
 10. At-Will Statement . 
 6 

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a term or tenure of employment or to alter or create limitations on either party s right to terminate the employment relationship between the Company and Employee at either party s discretion. Any modifications of the at-will nature of the employment relationship between the parties, if any, must be contained in a separate written agreement executed by the or the of UGI Corporation. 
 
 11. Assignment . 
 This Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, and to the benefit of Employee. The Company may assign this Agreement to any party, without Employee s consent. Employee may not assign this Agreement. 
 
 12. Amendment . 
 This Agreement may only be amended by a written agreement signed by Employee and the _______ or the _______ of UGI Corporation. 
 13. Choice of Law and Venue . 
 
 The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The parties agree that all actions or proceedings that arise out of, are associated with, require the interpretation of, or that are in any way directly or indirectly related to the subject matter covered in this Agreement or to any matter related to Employee s employment with the Company, shall be tried and litigated exclusively in the Court of Common Pleas for Montgomery County, Pennsylvania or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. This choice of venue is intended by the parties to be mandatory and not permissive in nature. Therefore, the parties hereby waive any right to assert lack of personal jurisdiction or the doctrine of forum non conveniens or a similar doctrine or to object to venue or jurisdiction with respect to any action or proceeding brought in accordance with this Paragraph. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY CONSENT AND AGREE THAT THE COURT OF COMMON PLEAS FOR MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA AND THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA HAVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER EMPLOYEE AND THE COMPANY FOR PURPOSES OF LITIGATING ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, OR PROCEEDING CONCERNING THE MATTERS DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
 
 14. Severability . 
 
 If any provision, paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement is found by any court to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, this determination shall not affect the validity of the remainder of the Agreement, including any other provision, paragraph or subparagraph. Each provision, paragraph, and subparagraph of this Agreement is separable from every other provision, paragraph and subparagraph and constitutes a separate and distinct covenant. The parties agree, however, that should a court construing this Agreement determine that any provision of the Agreement is overbroad or unenforceable, the court shall reform any overbroad 
 7 

or unenforceable provision in a manner that provides the Company with the greatest level of protection permissible by applicable law. 
 
 15. Additional Provisions . 
 a. Employee agrees to disclose the existence of this Agreement to any business, entity, person, firm, association, or corporation that Employee intends to be employed by, associate with, or provide consulting services for in order to ensure compliance with this Agreement. Employee hereby authorizes the Company to disclose the existence of this Agreement and to provide a copy of this Agreement to any of Employee s prospective or actual employers or any business, entity, person, firm, association, or corporation that Employee intends to associate with or to provide consulting services. 
 b. In the event Employee leaves the employ of the Company, Employee agrees to notify the Company of the identity, address and phone number of Employee s next employer or affiliated business or entity with which Employee intends to associate with or to provide consulting services, as the case may be, and the scope and nature of activities involved in Employee s new role. The required notification shall be sent to the and the for the Company. Employee hereby consents to the notification of Employee s new employer or affiliated business or entity, as the case may be, of Employee s rights and obligations under this Agreement and will not assert that the Company s doing so constitutes actionable interference or wrongdoing. 
 c. Employee acknowledges that Employee has read and understands this Agreement, believes it to be reasonable, and is signing it voluntarily. Employee acknowledges that Employee s obligations under this Agreement will not impose an unreasonable economic hardship on Employee and are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests. 
 d. Employee acknowledges that Employee is not bound by any agreement or understanding with any third party that would inhibit Employee in any way from working for the Company. To the extent that Employee has any confidentiality obligations or other restrictions under any applicable agreements with third parties, Employee agrees not to violate the terms of any such agreements or use any such confidential information of third parties in Employee s employment with the Company. 
 e. The Parties recognize and acknowledge that Employee, over the course of Employee s employment with the Company, may be provided with a new job title or otherwise hold a position with the UGI Family of Companies (through promotion or otherwise) involving Employee s provision of different services than those for which the Company initially hired Employee or which Employee is currently performing. Employee agrees that this Agreement shall be and is intended to govern any such future role with the UGI Family of Companies and, therefore, Employee expressly waives any claim that this Agreement is unenforceable due to such change. 

8 

Dated this ___ day of _____ , 20__ 

___________________________________ 
 Name 

9 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 ex1029cicagreement-formof.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 
 Exhibit 10.29 

FORM OF CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT 
 This CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of _____, 20__ between UGI Corporation (the Company and ______ (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of key members of management of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined below) management to their assigned duties without distraction arising from the possibility of a Change in Control (as defined below), although no such change is now contemplated 
 
 WHEREAS, in order to induce the Employee to remain in the employ of the Company and its Affiliates, the Company agrees that the Employee shall receive the compensation set forth in this Agreement in the event the Employee s employment with the Company is terminated in connection with a Change in Control 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions . For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section unless the context clearly otherwise requires 
 
 (a) Affiliate shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of Regulation 12B under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (c) Cause shall mean (i) misappropriation of funds (ii) habitual insobriety or substance abuse (iii) conviction of a crime involving moral turpitude or (iv) gross negligence in the performance of duties, which gross negligence has had a material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, properties or financial condition of the Company. The determination of Cause shall be made by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board at a duly called meeting of the Board. 
 
 (d) Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the UGI Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, as amended from time to time. 

(e) COBRA Cost shall mean 100 of the applicable premium under section 4980B(f)(4) of the Code for continued medical and dental COBRA Coverage under the Company s benefit plans. 
 
 (f) COBRA Coverage shall mean continued medical and dental coverage under the Company s benefit plans, as determined under section 4980B of the Code. 
 
 (g) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (h) Compensation Committee shall mean the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board or a successor committee thereto. 
 
 (i) Continuation Period shall mean the _____-year period beginning on the Employee s Termination Date. 
 
 (j) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (k) Executive Severance Plan shall mean the UGI Corporation Executive Severance Plan, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (l) Good Reason Termination shall mean a Termination of Employment initiated by the Employee upon one or more of the following occurrences 
 
 (i) a material breach by the Company of any terms of this Agreement, including without limitation a material breach of Section 2 or 13 of this Agreement 
 
 (ii) a material diminution in the authority, duties or responsibilities held by the Employee immediately prior to the Change in Control 
 
 (iii) a material diminution in the Employee s base compensation as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control or 
 
 (iv) a material change in the geographic location at which the Employee must perform services (which, for purposes of this Agreement, means the Employee is required to report, other than on a temporary basis (less than 12 months), to a location which is more than 50 miles from the Employee s principal place of business immediately preceding the Change in Control, without the Employee s express written consent). 
 
 2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee shall be considered to have a Good Reason Termination only if the Employee provides written notice to the Company, pursuant to Section 3, specifying in reasonable detail the events or conditions upon which the Employee is basing such Good Reason Termination and the Employee provides such notice within 90 days after the event that gives rise to the Good Reason Termination. Within 30 days after notice has been provided, the Company shall have the opportunity, but shall have no obligation, to cure such events or conditions that give rise to the Good Reason Termination. If the Company does not cure such events or conditions within the 30-day period, the Employee may terminate employment with the Company based on Good Reason Termination within 30 days after the expiration of the cure period. 
 
 (m) Key Employee shall mean an employee who, at any time during the 12-month period ending on the identification date, is a specified employee under section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Compensation Committee or its delegate. The determination of Key Employees, including the number and identity of persons considered specified employees and the identification date, shall be made by the Compensation Committee or its delegate in accordance with the provisions of section 409A of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder. 
 
 (o) Postponement Period shall mean, for a Key Employee, the period of six months after separation from service (or such other period as may be required by section 409A of the Code), during which severance payments that constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code may not be paid to the Key Employee under section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (p) Release shall mean a release of any and all claims against the Company, its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries and all related parties with respect to all matters arising out of the Employee s employment by the Company and its Affiliates and Subsidiaries, or the termination thereof (other than claims relating to amounts payable under this Agreement or benefits accrued under any plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) and shall be in the form required by the Company of its terminating executives immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 
 (q) Subsidiary shall mean any corporation in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns at least a 50 interest or an unincorporated entity of which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns at least 50 of the profits or capital interests. 
 
 (r) Termination Date shall mean the effective date of the Employee s Termination of Employment, as specified in the Notice of Termination. 
 
 3 

(s) Termination of Employment shall mean the termination of the Employee s actual employment relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 
 
 2. Employment . During the term of the Agreement, after a Change in Control and prior to Termination of Employment, Employee shall continue to serve in the same or a comparable executive position with the Company as in effect immediately before the Change in Control, and with the same or a greater target level of annual and long-term compensation as in effect immediately before the Change in Control. 
 
 3. Notice of Termination . Any Termination of Employment upon or following a Change in Control shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 14 hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific provision in this Agreement relied upon (ii) briefly summarizes the facts and circumstances deemed to provide a basis for the Employee s Termination of Employment under the provision so indicated and (iii) if the Termination Date is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Termination Date (which date shall not be more than 15 days after the giving of such notice) except as provided in Section 1(m) above. 
 
 4. Severance Compensation upon Termination of Employment . 
 
 (a) In the event of the Employee s involuntary Termination of Employment by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason other than Cause or in the event of a Good Reason Termination, in either event upon or within two years after a Change in Control, the Employee will receive the following amounts in lieu of any severance compensation and benefits under the Executive Severance Plan or any other severance plan of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate 
 
 (i) The Company shall pay to the Employee a lump sum cash payment equal to the greater of (A) or (B) as set forth below 
 
 (A) The total benefit, if any, as calculated under the terms of the Executive Severance Plan as of the Termination Date, or 
 
 (B) _____ multiplied by the sum of (1) the Employee s annual base salary plus (2) the Employee s annual bonus. The annual base salary for this purpose shall be the Employee s annual base salary in effect as of the Employee s Termination Date. The annual bonus for this purpose shall be the Employee s target annual cash bonus for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 
 4 

(ii) The Company shall pay to the Employee a single lump sum payment equal to the COBRA Cost that the Employee would incur if the Employee continued medical and dental coverage under the Company s benefit plans during the Continuation Period, based on the benefits in effect for the Employee (and, if applicable, his or her spouse and dependents) at the Termination Date, less the amount that the Employee would be required to contribute for medical and dental coverage if the Employee were an active employee. The Employee may elect continuation coverage under the Company s applicable medical and dental plans during the Continuation Period by paying the COBRA Cost of such coverage. COBRA Coverage shall run concurrently with the Continuation Period, and nothing in this Section shall limit the Employee s right to elect COBRA Coverage for the full period permitted by law. 
 
 (iii) The Company shall pay to the Employee an amount equal to the Employee s target annual cash bonus amount for the Company s fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs, multiplied by the number of months (with a partial month counting as a full month) elapsed in the fiscal year to the Termination Date and divided by 12, as well as any amounts due but not yet paid from the prior year under such plan. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments shall be made to the Employee under this Section 4 unless the Employee signs and does not revoke a Release. The amounts described in subsections (a) (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall be paid in the timing set forth in the Release, but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year of the Termination Date, unless prohibited by section 409A of the Code. Payments under this Agreement shall be made by mail to the last address provided for notices to the Employee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement. 
 
 5. Other Payments . Upon any Termination of Employment entitling the Employee to payments under this Agreement, the Employee shall receive all accrued but unpaid salary and all benefits accrued and payable under any plans, policies and programs of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, provided that the Employee shall receive severance benefits solely under Section 4 of this Agreement or as contemplated in an applicable employment agreement between the Employee and the Company or a Subsidiary or an Affiliate and shall not receive any other severance or separation benefits. 
 
 6. Interest Enforcement . 
 
 (a) If the Company shall fail or refuse to pay any amounts due the Employee under Section 4 on the applicable due date, the Company shall pay interest at the rate described below on the unpaid payments from the applicable due date to the date on which such amounts are paid. 
 5 

Interest shall be credited at an annual rate equal to the rate listed in the Wall Street Journal as the prime rate as of the Employee s Termination Date, plus 1 , compounded annually. 
 
 (b) It is the intent of the parties that the Employee not be required to incur any expenses associated with the enforcement of the Employee s rights under this Agreement by arbitration, litigation or other legal action, because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Employee hereunder. Accordingly, the Company shall pay the Employee on demand the amount necessary to reimburse the Employee in full for all reasonable expenses (including all attorneys fees and legal expenses) incurred by the Employee in enforcing any of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. The Employee shall notify the Company of the expenses for which the Employee demands reimbursement within 60 days after the Employee receives an invoice for such expenses, and the Company shall pay the reimbursement amount within 15 days after receipt of such notice, unless prohibited by section 409A of the Code. 
 
 7. No Mitigation . The Employee shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment or benefit provided for herein be reduced by any compensation earned by other employment or otherwise. 
 
 8. Non-Exclusivity of Rights . Except with respect to Section 5 of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Employee s continuing or future participation in or rights under any benefit, bonus, incentive or other plan or program provided by the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and for which the Employee may qualify. 
 
 9. No Set-Off . The Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any circumstances, including, without limitation, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the Company may have against the Employee or others. 
 
 10. Taxation . All payments under this Agreement shall be subject to all requirements of the law with regard to tax withholding and reporting and filing requirements, and the Company shall use its best efforts to satisfy promptly all such requirements. 
 
 11. Effect of Section 280G on Payments . 
 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that it shall be determined that any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Employee, whether 
 6 

paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments ), would constitute an excess parachute payment within the meaning of section 280G of the Code, the Company shall reduce (but not below zero) the aggregate present value of the Payments under the Agreement to the Reduced Amount (as defined below), if reducing the Payments under this Agreement will provide the Employee with a greater net after-tax amount than would be the case if no reduction was made. The Payments shall be reduced as described in the preceding sentence only if (A) the net amount of the Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income and payroll taxes on the reduced Payments), is greater than or equal to (B) the net amount of the Payments without such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local income and payroll taxes on the Payments and the amount of Excise Tax (as defined below) to which the Employee would be subject with respect to the unreduced Payments). Only amounts payable under this Agreement shall be reduced pursuant to this subsection (a). The Reduced Amount shall be an amount expressed in present value that maximizes the aggregate present value of Payments under this Agreement without causing any Payment under this Agreement to be subject to the Excise Tax, determined in accordance with section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. The term Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed under section 4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax. 
 
 (b) All determinations to be made under this Section 11 shall be made by an independent registered public accounting firm, law firm, or consulting firm selected by the Company immediately prior to the Change in Control, which shall provide its determinations and any supporting calculations both to the Company and the Employee within 10 days of the Change in Control. Any such determination by such firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Employee. 
 
 (c) All of the fees and expenses of the firm in performing the determinations referred to in this Section 11 shall be borne solely by the Company. 
 
 12. Term of Agreement . The term of this Agreement shall be for three years from the date hereof and shall be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods unless the Company notifies the Employee in writing that this Agreement will not be renewed at least 60 days prior to the end of the then current term provided, however, that (i) if a Change in Control occurs during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement shall remain in effect for two years following such Change in Control or until all of the obligations of the parties hereunder are satisfied or have expired, if later, and (ii) this Agreement shall terminate if the Employee s employment with the Company terminates for any reason before a Change in Control (regardless of whether the Employee is thereafter employed by a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company). 
 
 7 

13. Successor Company . The Company shall require any successor or successors (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Employee, to acknowledge expressly that this Agreement is binding upon and enforceable against the Company in accordance with the terms hereof, and to become jointly and severally 
 obligated with the Company to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession or successions had taken place. Failure of the Company to notify the Employee in writing as to such successorship, to provide the Employee the opportunity to review and agree to the successor s assumption of this Agreement or to obtain such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the Company shall mean the Company as defined above and any such successor or successors to its business or assets, jointly and severally. 
 
 14. Notice . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder or necessary or convenient in connection herewith shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight express courier service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company, to 
 500 North Gulph Road 
 King of Prussia, PA 19406 
 Attention Corporate Secretary 
 If to the Employee, to the most recent address provided by the Employee to the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate for payroll purposes, 
 or to such other address as the Company or the Employee, as the case may be, shall designate by notice to the other party hereto in the manner specified in this Section provided, however, that if no such notice is given by the Company following a Change in Control, notice at the last address of the Company or any successor pursuant to Section 13 shall be deemed sufficient for the purposes hereof. Any such notice shall be deemed delivered and effective when received in the case of personal delivery, five days after deposit, postage prepaid, with the U.S. Postal Service in the case of registered or certified mail, or on the next business day in the case of overnight express courier service. 
 
 15. Section 409A of the Code . 
 
 (a) This Agreement is intended to meet the requirements of the short-term deferral exception, separation pay exception and any other exceptions under section 409A of the Code, as applicable. However, if the Employee is a Key Employee and if required by section 
 8 

409A of the Code, no payments or benefits under this Agreement shall be paid to the Employee during the Postponement Period. If payment is required to be delayed for the Postponement Period pursuant to section 409A, the accumulated amounts withheld on account of section 409A, with interest as described in Section 6 above, shall be paid in a lump sum payment within 15 days after the end of the Postponement Period. If the Employee dies during the Postponement Period prior to the payment of benefits, the amounts withheld on account of section 409A, with interest as described above, shall be paid to the Employee s estate within 60 days after the Employee s death. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if required by section 409A, payments may only be made under this Agreement upon an event and in a manner permitted by section 409A, to the extent applicable. As used in the Agreement, the term termination of employment shall mean the Employee s separation from service with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates within the meaning of section 409A and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of section 409A, each payment under the Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In no event may the Employee designate the year of payment for any amounts payable under the Agreement. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under the Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of section 409A of the Code. 
 
 16. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. 
 
 17. Contents of Agreement Amendment . This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof (including without limitation any other change in control agreement in effect between the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate and the Employee) and sets forth the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement cannot be amended except pursuant to approval by the Board and a written amendment executed by the Employee and the Chair of the Compensation Committee. The provisions of this Agreement may require a variance from the terms and conditions of certain compensation or bonus plans under circumstances where such plans would not provide for payment thereof in order to obtain the maximum benefits for the Employee. It is the specific intention of the parties that the provisions of this Agreement shall supersede any provisions to the contrary in such plans, and such plans shall be deemed to have been amended to correspond with this Agreement without further action by the Company or the Board. 
 
 18. No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Employee any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 9 

19. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective heirs, representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto, except that the duties and responsibilities of the Employee and the Company hereunder shall not be assignable in whole or in part. 
 
 20. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or application thereof to anyone or under any circumstances shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions or applications of this Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid or unenforceable provision or application. 
 
 21. Remedies Cumulative No Waiver . No right conferred upon the Employee by this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and each and every such right or remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given 
 hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity. No delay or omission by the Employee in exercising any right, remedy or power hereunder or existing at law or in equity shall be construed as a waiver thereof. 
 
 22. Miscellaneous . All section headings are for convenience only. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which is an original. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement or any counterpart hereof to produce or account for any of the other counterparts. 
 
 23. Arbitration . In the event of any dispute under the provisions of this Agreement other than a dispute in which the sole relief sought is an equitable remedy such as an injunction, the parties shall be required to have the dispute, controversy or claim settled by arbitration in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association, before one arbitrator selected by the parties. Any award entered by the arbitrator shall be final, binding and nonappealable and judgment may be entered thereon by either party in accordance with applicable law in any court of competent jurisdiction. This arbitration provision shall be specifically enforceable. The arbitrator shall have no authority to modify any provision of this Agreement or to award a remedy for a dispute involving this Agreement other than a benefit specifically provided under or by virtue of the Agreement. The Company shall be responsible for all of the fees of the American Arbitration Association and the arbitrator and any expenses relating to the conduct of the arbitration (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses). 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. By executing this Agreement, the undersigned acknowledge that this Agreement replaces and supersedes any other understanding regarding the matters described herein. 
 UGI Corporation 
 
 ____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

Employee 
 
 ____________________________ 

Dated this ____ day of _____ ___ 

11 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.47>
 6
 ugi-px1020_gassupplyagreem.htm
 EX-10.47

Document 
 Exhibit 10.47 

GAS SUPPLY AND DELIVERY SERVICE AGREEMENT Contract UGI-P-1020 
 THIS Gas Supply and Delivery Service Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of December 1, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and among UGI Utilities, Inc., a Pennsylvania Corporation Utility ), having an address at 1 UGI Drive, Denver, PA 17517, and UGI Energy Services, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company UGIES ), having an address at 835 Knitting Mills Way, Wyomissing, PA 19610. Utility and UGIES may herein be referred to individually as a Party or collectively as the Parties . 
 WHEREAS, Utility is a local distribution company that is principally engaged in the business of distributing natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial end-use customers located within its service territory in Pennsylvania 
 WHEREAS, UGIES is an energy marketer and supplier that is principally engaged in the business of selling natural gas and managing assets for the sale and delivery of natural gas in Pennsylvania and other states 
 WHEREAS, Utility desires to receive, and UGIES has agreed to provide, certain gas supply and related delivery services to Utility, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Definitions 
 1.1 Day-Ahead Nomination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1 hereof. 
 1.2 Dekatherm or Dth shall mean one million British Thermal Units (MMBtu). 
 1.3 Delivery Day shall mean the day of actual gas flow and delivery applicable to a 
 Nomination. The Parties shall observe the NAESB-defined gas day, which shall be one continuous twenty-four hour period, commencing at 10 a.m. Eastern Clock Time ECT ). 
 1.4 Delivery Point or Delivery Points shall mean the point or points of 
 physical interconnection between Utility's distribution system and UGIES s West Shore LNG Facilities or any other mutually agreeable delivery points. 
 
 1.5 Firm shall mean, in reference to a Party's obligation to deliver or receive 
 Natural Gas, the requirement that the full quantity of Natural Gas nominated for receipt or delivery must be delivered or received by the obligated Party, except for reasons of Force Majeure under Section 7 or Waiver of Delivery under Section 3.5. 
 
 1.6 Intraday Nomination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.2 hereof. 
 
 1.7 Maximum Daily Quantity or MDQ shall have the meaning set forth in 
 Section 3.2 hereof. 

1.8 Month-Ahead Nomination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof. 
 1.9 Natural Gas shall mean any mixture of hydrocarbons and noncombustible 
 gases in a gaseous state, including vaporized LNG and propane air. 
 1.10 Nomination shall mean a notice provided by Utility to UGIES setting forth its 
 delivery requirements, pursuant to Section 4 hereof. The Parties shall maintain contacts for twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, for the purposes of providing and receiving Nominations. 
 1.11 Replacement Supply shall mean Natural Gas quantities obtained by Utility to 
 Replace a portion of a Scheduled Quantity that UGIES fails to deliver in accordance with a Daily Nomination. 
 1.12 Scheduled Quantity shall mean, for a particular Delivery Day, the quantity of Natural Gas that Utility requests in a Nomination and UGIES confirms. 
 1.13 Total Winter Entitlement or TWE shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof. 
 1.14 Winter Season shall refer to the period from the Delivery Day beginning at 10 00 a.m. ECT December 1 and ending on the Delivery Day that ends at 9 59 a.m. ECT the following April 1. 
 SECTION 2. Term 
 This Agreement shall be effective for Winter Season supply during a period commencing on and including the Delivery Day of December 1, 2024, and expiring on and including the Delivery Day of March 31, 2039 (the Primary Term ). 
 
 SECTION 3. Character of Service 
 3.1 Delivery Obligation. UGIES shall sell and deliver and Utility shall have the 
 option to purchase and the right to receive Natural Gas on any day during the Primary Term. UGIES's obligation to deliver and Utility's obligation to receive Natural Gas shall be Firm for any Nomination quantity, up to the applicable MDQ. Service will be provided using UGIES's primary firm pipeline capacity, incremental peaking plant capacity, or a reasonably acceptable asset-backed substitute. Service will only be subject to interruption for reasons of Force Majeure or as described in Section 3.5, below. 
 3.2 Maximum Daily Quantity. The Maximum Daily Quantity or MDQ shall 
 mean the maximum quantity of Natural Gas that Utility may require UGIES to deliver on a Firm basis on any day during a Winter Season. The MDQ for each Winter Season during the Primary Term shall be 40,000 Dth per day. 
 2 

3.3 Total Winter Entitlement. The maximum quantity of Natural Gas that Utility is 
 entitled to receive and UGIES is obligated to deliver on a Firm basis during a Winter Season. The TWE for each Winter Season during the Primary Term shall be 200,000 Dth. 
 3.4 Authorized Overruns. If Utility wishes to overrun its MDQ or TWE on any 
 Delivery Day, it must request authorization from UGIES in advance. UGIES will authorize and permit such overruns if it reasonably determines that it is operationally feasible to do so. The Parties shall agree in advance on the Commodity Charge to apply to any Natural Gas delivered to Utility in excess of its MDQ or TWE. 
 3.5 Waiver of Delivery Obligation. On any Delivery Day, Utility shall maintain its 
 distribution facilities downstream of the Delivery Point(s) in a way that permits UGIES to deliver the Scheduled Quantities, otherwise UGIES shall be relieved of its obligation to deliver the Scheduled Quantities for the period and to the extent that Utility's distribution facilities do not permit such deliveries. Once Utility's distribution facilities have been corrected by Utility, UGIES shall use commercially reasonable efforts to supply the entire amount nominated by Utility for that Delivery Day. Any waiver of delivery obligations pursuant to this Section 3.5 shall not affect Utility's right to receive its TWE during any Winter Season. 
 SECTION 4. Nomination Procedure 
 4.1 Day-Ahead Nominations. Utility shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make a Day-Ahead Nomination for quantities up to the MDQ on trading days defined by Intercontinental Exchange ICE for delivery on a subsequent ICE delivery day(s). Utility shall notify UGIES, either verbally or in writing, of the requested quantity by 10 00 a.m. ECT on the ICE trading day. 
 4.2 Intraday Nominations. Utility shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make an Intraday Nomination for quantities up to the MDQ on any day during the Winter Period. Utility shall notify UGIES, either verbally or in writing, of the requested quantity by 6 00 a.m. ECT on the Gas Day for which the Intraday Nomination is being made. 
 For any Delivery Day, the MDQ less any Day-Ahead Nominations (as described above), will be prorated based on the number of hours remaining in the Delivery Day. Nothing herein prevents Utility from nominating quantities to be delivered on the next or subsequent Delivery Day as described above. 
 4.3 Month-Ahead Nominations. Utility shall also have the right, but not the obligation, to make a Month-Ahead Nomination for ratable daily quantities up to the MDQ no later than 5 00 ECT, five (5) business days prior to the 1 st day of the month of delivery, by providing notice to UGIES, either verbally or in writing, of the requested quantities. 
 In no event shall any combination of the Intraday Nomination, Month-Ahead Nomination and the Day-Ahead Nomination exceed the MDQ for any Gas Day or the TWE. 
 
 3 

SECTION 5. Charges 
 5.1 Reservation Charge. Utility shall pay UGIES an Annual Reservation Charge of 9,560,000.00 each year from December 1, 2024 to March 31, 2039 of the Primary Term. The Annual Reservation Charge shall be paid in four (4) equal installments due on December 1, January 1 , February 1, and March 1, during each year of the Primary Term. The Reservation Charge shall be billed and paid in accordance with Section 6 hereof. 
 
 5.2 Commodity Charge. Unless Utility elects to lock a fixed price with UGIES in accordance with paragraph (b), below, Utility shall not be obligated to purchase or receive any Natural Gas from UGIES under this Agreement. For all quantities of Natural Gas sold and delivered by UGIES, Utility shall pay a Commodity Charge, which shall be determined according to the following alternatives 
 (a) For all quantities of Natural Gas delivered to Utility's city gate, made pursuant to a Day-Ahead Nomination up to the MDQ and TWE, Utility shall pay a Commodity Charge equal to the published Inside FERC index price, or another mutually agreed upon alternative index , for Columbia Gas Appalachia, plus the Columbia Firm Transportation maximum applicable tariff rates including, but not limited to, fuel and commodity. 
 (b) Utility will have the right at any time to lock-in a fixed Commodity Charge for any term and quantity up to the MDQ throughout the Agreement term. The Commodity Charges for locked-in quantities shall be as agreed to by the Parties based on prevailing market conditions at the time the lock-in is made. Utility's right to lock-in a quantity of Natural Gas shall be limited as follows 
 
 (i) The maximum quantity of Natural Gas for which Utility may lock in a fixed Commodity Charge shall equal the TWE less any quantities previously locked-in for any Winter Season during the Primary Term. 
 (ii) Unless otherwise agreed, Utility shall notify UGIES of its intention to lock-in the Commodity Charge by no later than 10 00 a.m. ECT on the penultimate trading day for the NYMEX Natural Gas contract to the month in which such lock-in will apply. Such notice shall identify the quantity of Natural Gas to be locked-in for each month of delivery. UGIES shall promptly communicate to Utility any limitations on the lock-in quantity identified in Utility's notice and the Parties will utilize commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate the lock-in to the extent practicable. 
 (iii) If Utility has locked-in a fixed price, Utility shall be required to purchase and take delivery of the quantity of Natural Gas for which a locked-in price is established. 
 The Commodity Charges determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall be billed and paid on a monthly basis, in accordance with Section 6. 
 
 4 

SECTION 6. Billing and Payment 
 UGIES will invoice Utility each month of the Winter Season for the Reservation Charges due in accordance with Section 5.1, plus any applicable taxes in accordance with Section 10 hereto. UGIES will invoice Utility monthly for all Commodity Charges applicable to service rendered during the prior month, plus any applicable taxes in accordance with Section 10 hereto. Utility shall pay UGIES the full amount of such Commodity Charges and applicable taxes, due no later than the twentieth (20 th day of the month following Utility's receipt of the invoice. All payments shall be made by Wire Transfer (EFT) to UGIES's banking institution, designated as follows 
 Mellon Bank, N.A. Pittsburgh, PA 
 Account No. ACH No. 
 SECTION 7. Force Majeure 
 7.1 Generally. Except as otherwise set forth herein, deliveries under this Agreement shall be Firm and shall not be subject to curtailment, interruption, or proration, except as the result of Force Majeure. In the event that either UGIES or Utility is unable, wholly or in part, to carry out its obligations under this Agreement due to a Force Majeure event, it is agreed that upon such Party's giving notice and full particulars of such Force Majeure event, in accordance with Section 7.4, then the obligations of the Party giving such notice insofar as they are affected by such Force Majeure event shall be suspended, from the inception, and during the continuance of any inability so caused, but for no longer period. The Party claiming Force Majeure shall not be excused from its responsibility for imbalance charges. 
 7.2 Included Events. Force Majeure shall include, but not be limited to, the following (i) physical events such as acts of God, landslides, lightning, earthquakes, fires, storms, or storm warnings, such as hurricanes which result in evacuation of the affected area, floods, washouts, explosions, breakage or accident or necessity of repairs to machinery or equipment or lines of pipe, except as provided in Section 7.3 (ii) to the extent upstream interstate pipeline capacity is required, interruption and or curtailment of primary Firm transportation and or storage by transporters, but only to the extent that UGIES sought the highest possible nomination priority ranking for the volumes curtailed (iii) acts of others such as strikes, lockouts, or other industrial disturbances, riots, sabotage, terrorist actions, insurrections, or wars and (iv) governmental actions such as necessity for compliance with any court order, law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or policy having the same effect of law promulgated by a governmental authority having jurisdiction. 
 7.3 Excluded Events. 
 (a) Neither Party shall be entitled to the benefit of the provisions of Force Majeure to the extent that performance is affected by any or all of the following circumstances (i) the curtailment of interruptible or secondary Firm 
 5 

transportation (ii) the contractual non-performance or negligence of any affiliate, independent contractor, agent, or employee of UGIES in operating or maintaining any upstream pipeline or facilities utilized by UGIES (iii) the Party claiming excuse failed to remedy the condition and to resume the performance of such covenants or obligations with reasonable dispatch (iv) economic hardship, to include, without limitation, UGIES's ability to sell Natural Gas at a higher or more advantageous price than the Agreement price, Utility's ability to purchase Natural Gas at a lower or more advantageous price than the Agreement price, or a regulatory agency disallowing, in whole or in part, the pass through costs resulting from this Agreement (v) the loss of Utility's market(s) or Utility's inability to use or resell Natural Gas purchased hereunder, except, in either case, as provided in Section 7.2 or (vi) the loss or failure of UGIES's gas supply, including, but not limited to, the failure of UGIES's gas supply to be delivered to an upstream receipt point on UGIES's pipeline capacity, or depletion of reserves, except, in either case, as provided in Section 7.2. 
 (b) In addition to the foregoing, UGIES shall not be entitled to the benefit of Force Majeure to the extent that performance is affected by any or all of the following circumstances (i) any well failures or freeze-offs or (ii) any failure of conditioning equipment such as regulation, compression, or dehydration equipment. 
 7.4 Notice. The Party asserting Force Majeure shall provide immediate written notice to the other Party of the occurrence of a Force Majeure event. Notice shall include (i) a detailed explanation of the event that has occurred (ii) the known or expected impact on the Party's ability to perform and (iii) the period of time during which the Party's performance will be impacted. The Party asserting Force Majeure will remedy the Force Majeure event and resume performance of its obligations hereunder as soon as reasonably possible. 
 
 SECTION 8. Failure to Deliver or Receive Gas 
 8.1 Failure to Deliver. Unless otherwise excused by the waiver of a delivery obligation under Section 3.5 or a Force Majeure event under Section 7.2, if UGIES fails to deliver all or a portion of a Scheduled Quantity on any Delivery Day, UGIES shall pay Utility an amount equal to the difference between (i) the Nomination quantity for the Delivery Day and (ii) the quantity delivered during such Delivery Day (such difference being the Deficiency Amount times the positive difference between (iii) the applicable Commodity Charge as determined under Section 5.2 hereof and (iv) the cost of Replacement Supply as determined by Utility in a commercially reasonable manner within a reasonable time after UGIES fails to deliver the Deficiency Amount. 
 8.2 Failure to Receive. Unless otherwise excused by the waiver of a delivery obligation under Section 3.5 or a Force Majeure event under Section 7.2, if Utility fails to take all or a portion of the Scheduled Quantity for the Delivery Day, Utility shall pay UGIES an amount equal to the Deficiency Amount times the positive difference between (i) the applicable Commodity Charge as determined under Section 5.2 hereof and (ii) the price received by UGIES from the sale of the Deficiency Amount as determined by UGIES in a commercially reasonable manner within a reasonable time after Utility fails to take delivery of the Deficiency Amount. 
 6 

8.3 Duty to Mitigate. Each Party has an affirmative duty to mitigate in good faith 
 the extent of damages that may arise from the other Party's failure to discharge its receipt or delivery obligations under this Agreement. In the event a Party fails to properly discharge its duty to mitigate, any amounts otherwise due under Sections 8.1 and 8.2 hereunder shall be reduced by an amount that would not have been incurred had such duty been properly discharged. 
 8.4 Exclusive Remedy. The remedies set forth in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 shall be the exclusive remedies available to a Party for the other Party's failure to discharge its firm receipt or delivery obligation hereunder. 
 
 SECTION 9. Indemnification 
 Except as otherwise limited pursuant to this Agreement, each Party shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the other Party, the other Party's officers, employees, shareholders, directors and agents, and their respective successors and assigns from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, losses, expenses, costs, obligations, recoveries, or damages of any nature whatsoever, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, or otherwise, including, without limitation, court costs and attorneys' fees (whether or not suit is brought) arising out of, resulting from, or relating to (i) negligence, gross negligence, bad faith actions, or willful misconduct in connection with this Agreement, and (ii) any Natural Gas while it is in the Party's control or possession. This Section 9 shall survive termination of the Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 10. Taxes 
 10.1 Responsibility. Responsibility for payment of taxes of any kind applicable to Natural Gas sold hereunder shall be allocated as follows 
 (a) UGIES shall pay or cause to be paid, and Utility shall be held harmless by UGIES, for the payment of all taxes imposed on or with respect to the Natural Gas sold or delivered hereunder by UGIES for which the taxable incident arises or occurs prior to the delivery of Natural Gas to the Delivery Point(s) and 
 (b) Utility shall pay or cause to be paid, and UGIES shall be held harmless by Utility, for the payment of all taxes imposed on or with respect to the Natural Gas sold or delivered by UGIES hereunder for which the taxable incident arises or occurs upon delivery or after the Natural Gas is delivered to the Delivery Point(s). 
 10.2 Reimbursement. If a Party is required to remit or pay taxes that are the other Party's responsibility hereunder (including any tax which would have been incurred by a Party absent this Agreement), the Party responsible for such taxes shall promptly reimburse the other Party therefor. 
 SECTION 11. Title and Warranties 
 11.1 Warranty of Title. UGIES hereby warrants good and merchantable title to the Natural Gas sold by it hereunder or the right to sell the same, and warrants that all Natural Gas 
 7 

delivered to Utility shall be free from all liens, encumbrances, and adverse claims. Title shall be passed to Utility upon delivery. 
 11.2 Warranty Disclaimers. Except as expressly stated herein, neither Party provides any warranties to the other, express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. 
 
 SECTION 12. Notices 
 12.1 Generally. All invoices, payments, and other communications made hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses specified in writing by the Parties from time to time. 
 12.2 Means of Delivery. Unless a specific means of notice is expressly stated herein, all notices required hereunder may be sent by mutually acceptable means, provided however that (i) notices shall be deemed given on a Business Day by the addressee (ii) notices sent electronically shall be deemed received upon the sending Party's receipt of confirmation of successful transmission and (iii) any notice received on a day other than a Business Day or after 5 00 p.m. E CT on a Business Day shall be deemed received at the start of the next following Business Day. 
 12.3 Addresses. Notices shall be provided to the Parties at the following addresses 
 If to UGI Energy Services, LLC, to 
 UGI Energy Services, LLC 
 835 Knitting Mills Way 
 Wyomissing, PA 19610 
 Telephone (610) 743-7000 
 Email 
 Attention Vice President Energy Marketing and Supply 
 If to UGI Utilities, Inc., to 
 UGI Utilities, Inc. 
 1 UGI Drive 
 Denver, PA 17517 
 Telephone (610) 796-3431 
 Email 
 Attention Director Energy Supply & Planning 
 
 SECTION 13. Assignment 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Parties provided , however , that this Agreement shall not be transferred or assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by UGIES or Utility without the other Party's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 8 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any parent, subsidiary, or affiliate, upon prior written notice to the other Party. 
 
 SECTION 14. Confidentiality 
 The existence, terms, and conditions of this Agreement shall be and remain confidential to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 SECTION 15. Laws and Regulatory Bodies 
 15.1 Generally. This Agreement shall be subject to all federal and state laws and to the orders, rules, and regulations of any duly constituted federal or state regulatory body or authority having jurisdiction. The interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without recourse to its conflict of law principles. 
 15.2 Regulatory Event. In the event that any regulatory body directly or indirectly asserts jurisdiction over the Parties' obligations and, as a result, performance under the Agreement becomes commercially impracticable by either Party Regulatory Event ), then the Parties shall negotiate in good faith in order to amend the Agreement (and the Parties' obligations and rights thereunder) to cure the Regulatory Event. In the event that the Regulatory Event cannot be reasonably cured to the satisfaction of the affected Party, the Party so affected shall have the right to terminate the Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party. 
 
 SECTION 16. Dodd-Frank Provisions 
 16.1 The terms set forth below shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
 CFTC means the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 CFTC Regulations means the rules, regulations, orders, supplementary information, guidance, questions and answers, staff letters, and interpretations published or issued by the CFTC, in each applicable case as amended, and when used herein may also include specific citations to Titles, Parts, or Sections of Title 17 of the Code of Federal Regulations without otherwise limiting the applicability of other rules, regulations, orders, supplementary information, guidance, questions and answers, staff letters, and interpretations. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, 7 USC Section 1, et seq. 
 Commodity Option means a Commodity Option within the meaning of CFTC Regulations. 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Swap means a swap as defined in Section I a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. 
 9 

Trade Option means a Commodity Option between the Parties under the Agreement that meets the conditions contained in CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). 
 16.2 The Parties shall seek to agree at the time a transaction is executed whether the transaction is a Trade Option or a contract, excluded from the defined term Swap or otherwise exempt from reporting. If a transaction is a Trade Option, each Party shall report the transaction in accordance with CFTC Regulation Part 32 and any applicable CFTC no-action letter. If the Parties cannot agree as to whether a transaction is a Trade Option or otherwise exempt from reporting, then each Party shall make its own determination. 
 16.3 Each Party warrants and represents that, as of the effective date of this Agreement and on each date that it enters into a transaction subject to this Agreement, that 
 (i) It regularly makes or takes delivery of the commodity that is the subject of the transactions that are entered into subject to this Agreement in the ordinary course of its business, and any transaction it enters into subject to this Agreement is entered into in connection with such business 
 (ii) To the extent that any transaction entered into subject to this Agreement contains an embedded option, then either the factors determining the exercise of such option are beyond the control of the exercising Party, or if it is the offeree (i.e. Utility) of such option, it is a producer, processor, commercial user of, or a merchant handling the commodity, products, or byproducts thereof, that is are the subject of the transaction (a Commercial Party and that it is entering into the transaction solely for purposes related to its business as such and if it is the offeror (i.e. UGIES) of such option, it is either a Commercial Party and it is entering into the transaction solely for purposes related to its business as such or it is an eligible contract participant, as defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act and the rules, regulations, orders, and interpretations of the CFTC and, as applicable, the SEC and 
 (iii) It intends to make or take physical delivery of the commodity that is the subject of any transaction it enters into subject to this Agreement, in accordance with the terms and provisions of any applicable confirmations and this Agreement. 
 16.4 Each Party will promptly notify the other Party if any representation made by such Party, with respect to the Dodd-Frank Provisions, becomes materially incorrect or misleading in any respect and will promptly update such representation. 
 
 SECTION 17. Limitation of Damages 
 UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, A PARTY'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT ACTUAL DAMAGES ONLY. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR OTHER BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DAMAGES, BY STATUTE, IN TORT OR CONTRACT, UNDER ANY INDEMNITY 
 10 

PROVISION, OR OTHERWISE. THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL SURVIVE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 SECTION 18. Miscellaneous 
 18.1 Waiver. No waiver of any breach hereof shall be held to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. 
 18.2 Set-offs . Each Party reserves to itself all rights, set-offs, counterclaims, and other defenses to which it is or may be entitled to under applicable law. 
 18.3 Documentation. Each Party shall provide all documents necessary to effectuate this Agreement and the transactions that underlie this Agreement. 
 18.4 Amendments. This Agreement, including any Appendices hereto, may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by duly authorized representatives of both Parties. 
 18.5 Authorization. Utility and UGIES each represents to the other its respective belief that it has obtained all necessary corporate and regulatory authorizations to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 (Remainder of this page intentionally left blank) 
 11 

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement in duplicate by their respective duty authorized officers. 
 
 UGI UTILITIES, INC. 
 By s Hans Bell 
 Name Hans Bell 
 Title President 
 
 UGI ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 By s Kelly Beaver 
 Name Kelly Beaver 
 Title Vice President Energy Marketing & Supply 
 12 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.53>
 7
 ex1053ugies-thirdamendment.htm
 EX-10.53

Document 
 Exhibit 10.53 EXECUTION VERSION 

 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of November 20, 2024, is made by and among UGI Energy Services, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company (the Borrower ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, and HSBC Bank USA, N.A. (as successor to Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch), as Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined below) (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 (1) The Borrower, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent are party to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 13, 2019 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 23, 2023, that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 28, 2024 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 (2) The Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together have identified an omission in the Existing Credit Agreement, in that the definition of Term SOFR is missing the 0.00 interest rate floor that was intended and was identified in the marketing materials for the 2024 Refinancing Term Loans. 
 (3) Pursuant to Section 9.02(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent desire to correct the omission identified in the preceding preliminary statement through this Amendment, which shall become effective at the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendment . The definition of Term SOFR in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following sentence at the end of such definition, with retroactive effect on, as of and after the Second Amendment Effective Date 
 If Term SOFR determined as provided above shall ever be less than 0.00 , then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.00 . 
 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party represents and warrants that as of the Third Amendment Effective Date 
 (a) This Amendment is within such Loan Party s organizational powers and has been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders of such Loan Party. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to (x) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a 

proceeding in equity or at law and (y) the need for filings and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral, if any, granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties. 
 (b) the execution, delivery or performance by any Loan Party of this Amendment and compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof, (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) filings and registrations necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral, if any, granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (ii) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries other than Liens securing the Obligations and the Obligations under (and as defined in) the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 (c) reserved 
 (d) reserved 
 (e) as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all material respects and 
 (f) this Amendment is permitted under Section 9.02(e) of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness on the Refinancing Effective Date . This Amendment shall become effective on and as of the Business Day (such date, the Third Amendment Effective Date on which the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 SECTION 4. Reserved . 
 SECTION 5. Reaffirmation . Each of the Loan Parties as debtor, grantor, mortgagor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar capacity in which such Loan Party grants liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party, guarantor or indemnitor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and (ii) to the extent such Loan Party granted liens on or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and liens and confirms and agrees that such guarantee includes, and such security interests and liens hereafter secure, all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Loan Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 
 2 

SECTION 6. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents . (a) On and after the Amendment Effective Time, each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to hereunder , hereof , Agreement , this Agreement or words of like import and each reference in the other Loan Documents to Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. From and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall be a Loan Document under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (a) The Security Documents and each other Loan Document are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the respective guarantees, pledges, grants of security interests and other agreements, as applicable, under each of the Security Documents, notwithstanding the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, shall continue to be in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Amended Credit Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Security Documents and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Obligations (which, for the avoidance of doubt, include the Obligations in respect of the 2024 Refinancing Term Loans incurred under this Amendment) of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in each case, as amended by this Amendment. 
 (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Any signature to this Amendment may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this Amendment. 
 SECTION 8. Amendments Headings Severability . This Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except in accordance with the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. The Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Amendment. Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. 
 3 

SECTION 9. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of law principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . Section 9.10 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated mutatis mutandis . 
 SECTION 11. No Novation . This Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations for the payment of money outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or discharge or release the Lien or priority of any Security Document or any other security therefor. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby. Nothing implied in this Amendment or in any other document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of any of the Loan Parties under any Loan Document from any of its obligations and liabilities as a borrower, guarantor or pledgor under any of the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 12. Notices . All notices hereunder shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.01 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 UGI ENERGY SERVICES, LLC By s Joseph L. Hartz JAM Name Joseph L. Hartz Title President 

GHI ENERGY, LLC 
 HOMESTEAD HOLDING COMPANY 
 PENNANT MIDSTREAM, LLC 
 UGI AG-GRID, LLC 
 UGI APPALACHIA, LLC 
 UGI BETHLEHEM LNG, LLC 
 UGI BIOFUELS, LLC 
 UGI CARLISLE LNG, LLC 
 UGI DAKOTA, LLC 
 UGI GATHERING, LLC 
 UGI GIBRALTAR GATHERING, LLC 
 UGI HAMILTON, LLC 
 UGI LNG, INC. 
 UGI MANNING LNG, LLC 
 UGI MARCELLUS, LLC 
 UGI MORAINE EAST GATHERING, LLC 
 UGI MT. BETHEL PIPELINE COMPANY, LLC 
 UGI NEO, LLC 
 UGI PEAKING, LLC 
 UGI PINE RUN, LLC 
 UGI PONDEROSA, LLC 
 UGI PROPANE AIR, LLC 
 UGI STEELTON LNG, LLC 
 UGI STORAGE COMPANY 
 UGI SUNBURY, LLC 
 UGI TRANSMISSION, LLC 
 UGID SOLAR, LLC 
 
 By s Joseph L. Hartz JAM 
 Name Joseph L. Hartz 
 Title President 

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

UGI PENNEAST, LLC 
 By UGI Transmission, LLC, its sole member 

By s Joseph L. Hartz JAM 
 Name Joseph L. Hartz 
 Title President 
 
 PENNANT FIELD GATHERING, LLC 
 PENNANT NGL, LLC 
 PENNANT PROCESSING, LLC 
 PENNANT RESIDUE GATHERING, LLC 
 PENNANT TRUNKLINE GATHERING, LLC 
 By Pennant Midstream, LLC, its sole member 
 By s Joseph L. Hartz JAM 
 Name Joseph L. Hartz 
 Title President 

UGI BROAD MOUNTAIN RNG, LLC 
 By UGI Biofuels, LLC, its sole member 
 
 By s Joseph L. Hartz JAM 
 Name Joseph L. Hartz 
 Title President 

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

By s Ershad Sattar 
 Name Ershad Sattar 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-14>
 8
 code-ofxconductxugiapril.htm
 EX-14

code-ofxconductxugiapril 

POWERED BY INTEGRITY THE UGI CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

WE HONOR OUR LEGACY A Message From Leadership 4 Our Mission, Vision, and Values 5 The UGI Family 6 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY Competing Fairly 26 Preventing Bribery and Corruption 28 Contracting With the Government 30 Avoiding Insider Trading 32 Being Alert for Money Laundering 34 Conducting Business Beyond Borders 35 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION Maintaining Financial Integrity 37 Protecting: Physical and Electronic Assets 39 Confidential Information 41 Avoiding Conflicts of Interest 45 Knowing the Rules About Gifts and Entertainment 48 Communicating About UGI 51 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY Protecting the Environment 54 Honoring Human Rights 55 Volunteering and Contributing Responsibly 56 CLOSING THOUGHTS HELPFUL RESOURCES WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS Promoting Health and Safety 15 Maintaining a Respectful Workplace Diversity and Equal Opportunity 18 Anti-harassment 20 Interacting With: Customers 22 Third Parties 23 The Government 24 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE A Shared Commitment 8 Our Responsibilities 9 Making Good Choices 11 Sharing Concerns 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE TABLE OF CONTENTS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE HONOR OUR LEGACY A MESSAGE FROM LEADERSHIP OUR MISSION, VISION, AND VALUES THE UGI FAMILY 3 WE HONOR OUR LEGACY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE HONOR OUR LEGACY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE A MESSAGE FROM LEADERSHIP 4 At UGI, integrity powers everything we do and it has done so, every day, since our founding more than 135 years ago. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics reinforces our commitment to integrity. It summarizes the standards that apply everywhere we do business and helps us to navigate an increasingly complex world. It also underscores our Open Door culture and our support for open communication and sharing of concerns. Please read our Code and refer to it often. You are encouraged in fact, we rely on you to reach out to any member of the leadership team or contact the UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline if you have a question or see something that just doesn t seem right. Together, we will continue to make UGI one of the most respected companies in our industry and beyond. Sincerely, The UGI Leadership Team LAST PAGE VIEWED 

OUR MISSION UGI s mission is to be the preeminent energy distribution company in our targeted global markets by providing a superior range of energy products and services to our customers. OUR VISION At UGI, we believe that safe, reliable, and efficient energy is a necessity for our customers and communities. We strive to deliver this fundamental need through best-in-class safety, operations, products, and services while positively impacting the lives of our employees, customers, and the communities we serve. We do this by committing to our Values, as described below. OUR VALUES Safety Safety is a way of life for us. We take the time to be safe, safeguard one another, and make safety a priority in our interactions with our colleagues, customers, and communities. Integrity We do the right thing and act with honesty. We are ethical and trustworthy in all of our relationships. Respect We embrace the diversity and uniqueness of individuals and cultures and the varied perspectives they provide. We recognize that our success depends on the commitment and capability of our employees to create greater value for all. Responsibility We are committed to sustainable business practices and growing the Company in an environmentally responsible way. Natural gas and LPG are clean-burning, efficient, cost-effective, and abundantly available energy sources. We pursue innovative and efficient energy solutions to benefit our customers and our communities. Reliability We are a reliable service provider with a long-standing history of active involvement in the community. We recognize that our customers rely on our products and services. In turn, we support the communities we serve by our investments in critical infrastructure and our team s commitment to philanthropic efforts. Excellence We are committed to achieving exceptional performance through disciplined growth, execution, and continuous improvement. Our goal is to deliver the best value for investors as a high-performing investment, for customers as a best-in-class service provider, for employees as a great place to work, and for communities as a valued neighbor. 5 WE HONOR OUR LEGACY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE OUR MISSION, VISION, AND VALUES LAST PAGE VIEWED 

UGI is an international energy distribution and services company that provides superior service in delivering a range of energy products. We operate as a best-in-class service provider, offering a great place to work, serving our communities, and delivering value to investors. We aim to positively impact the lives of our customers, employees, communities, and investors. UGI is a family of high-performing companies that, through its business units: Supplies and markets natural gas, liquid fuels, electricity, and renewables; Distributes propane and butane to retail, residential, commercial, industrial, and motor fuel customers throughout the United States and Europe; Distributes, stores, transports, and markets energy products and related services; and Provides heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration, and electrical contracting services. Our success is based on a rich legacy, a clear vision, and the hard work of each of you, our UGI employees, in all locations where we operate. UGI Corporation (NYSE: UGI) is a holding company with the following business units. Whether you re driving a bobtail, working the loading dock, responding to a customer inquiry, managing a project, overseeing construction or doing one of the hundreds of other jobs at UGI we are all working toward one goal: to provide comfort in the lives of millions of people, every day, at home, at work, at play, and in the community. 6 WE HONOR OUR LEGACY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE THE UGI FAMILY LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE FOLLOW OUR CODE A SHARED COMMITMENT OUR RESPONSIBILITIES MAKING GOOD CHOICES SHARING CONCERNS 7 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

MANY EMPLOYEES. ONE CODE. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code represents a commitment a commitment to working together across all of our business units to serve our customers, to bring our Values to life, and to build on our success for the next 135 years and beyond. In our Code, you ll find: Information to help you comply with our policies and the law, wherever you operate; Help with everyday ethical situations you might face on the job; and Resources available to answer any questions that you may have. Of course, you won t find the answer to every question or scenario in the Code no document could equip you with that. But our Code will give you the tools you need to make the right decision, regardless of the challenge you face. WHO MUST FOLLOW OUR CODE? Our Code applies to all employees of UGI Corporation, its business units and functions, including consolidated subsidiaries UGI ). This includes members of our Board of Directors, officers, and part-time, seasonal, flex, and temporary employees. We also expect our third- party consultants, contractors, vendors, and service providers to live up to the expectations outlined in our Code. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN SOMEONE VIOLATES OUR CODE? Violations harm our reputation and erode the trust that people place in us. That s why violations can result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Depending on the severity of the act, there can also be civil or criminal consequences imposed on the person involved and/or UGI. Our Code lays out UGI s expectations and sets the standard for everyday decision-making. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I would like to discuss a new law that might affect our industry. Where can I go for answers to my questions? A: Contact the Law Department with any questions or concerns. We encourage discussions about laws and regulations because educated employees will lead to better business practices. 8 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE A SHARED COMMITMENT LAST PAGE VIEWED 

FOLLOWING THE LAW Each of us, regardless of the job we do or the location where we do it, has a responsibility to conduct business legally and ethically. And, having business operating in a highly regulated industry, we also have a responsibility to follow any applicable laws, rules, or regulations that apply to our roles or activities at UGI. What if there is conflict between our Code and local laws or practices? The best strategy is to consult with the Law Department for guidance. WHAT ELSE IS EXPECTED OF EMPLOYEES? In addition to following our Code, our policies, and the law, you have an obligation to: Be professional, honest, and ethical in every action you take on behalf of our Company. Never let someone else or the pressure to succeed entice you to do things that you know are wrong. Attest annually that you have read and will follow our Code. Report promptly anything that you are involved in that may be construed as a conflict of interest, even if you previously reported it during the annual certification process, as required under our policy. Complete all required ethics and compliance training. Speak up if you see or suspect unethical or illegal behavior, report violations (suspected or observed) of Company policies, and cooperate with any investigations into alleged (or suspected) misconduct. 9 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE OUR RESPONSIBILITIES LAST PAGE VIEWED 

10 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE WHAT IS EXPECTED OF MANAGERS? When it comes to living our Values and promoting our Code, leaders have an even greater obligation. If you are a manager, we are looking to you to: Set a good example and promote a culture of integrity and respect. Support your team help them understand what s expected of them. Demonstrate an open door approach and attitude so employees feel empowered to bring concerns to your attention. Listen first, and then take action to address any questions or concerns. As a manager, it is your responsibility to protect UGI, as such, you should report any behavior that is illegal, unethical, or violates our Code, and our policies. Reach out to others if you are unsure about one of our policies when in doubt, ask others for guidance. Never retaliate or allow others to retaliate against those who raise concerns in good faith. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I m a manager, and I m not clear what my obligations are if someone comes to me with an allegation of misconduct and what if it involves a senior leader? A: You are primarily responsible for team members and business partners under your supervision, but if you are aware of misconduct anywhere in the Company, you are obliged to take action. If, for any reason, you are uncomfortable making a report to a particular person, you may talk to any member of management, your local Human Resources representative, the UGI Compliance Group, or other Company resource (see the Sharing Concerns section for available resources). OUR RESPONSIBILITIES continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

11 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE MAKING GOOD CHOICES ETHICAL DECISION-MAKING Usually, if you let our Values drive your decisions, you ll make the right choice. But sometimes the right choice may not be clear. In those situations, it can help to ask yourself some key questions. If you answer YES, to all of these questions, it s probably OK to proceed. But if you answer NO or I m not sure to any question, stop and seek guidance. Is it legal? Does it comply with our Code and our policies? Would I feel comfortable if my actions were made public? Is it consistent with our Values? Am I doing what s right for our customers, investors, and the communities we serve? LAST PAGE VIEWED 

OUR OPEN DOOR CULTURE If you have a question or are unsure about the correct thing to do, ask someone. If you see something that doesn t seem right, say something. Do something about it. Open communication is what our Open Door culture is all about. Start with your manager. He or she may be in the best position to understand and address the issue you re facing. If you re uncomfortable talking to your manager or have raised a concern in the past that you feel was not adequately addressed, reach out to any of the following resources for help: Any member of management; Your local Human Resources representative; Corporate Human Resources; Corporate Law Department; The UGI Compliance Group; or The UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline. THE HELPLINE The UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline is available any time, day or night, and you may call or share a concern online. The Helpline is staffed by an independent third-party company, and you may remain anonymous, where permitted by law. Translation services are also available. When you contact the Helpline, a professional interview specialist or customized web form will capture details of your concern and forward a report to UGI s Compliance Group for follow-up. No matter which resource you contact, your concern will be handled promptly and discreetly. THE UGI/AMERIGAS INTEGRITY HELPLINE 24 HOURS A DAY / 7 DAYS A WEEK SHARE YOUR CONCERN ONLINE: https://ugiamerigasethicshelpline.tnwreports.com SHARE YOUR CONCERN VIA PHONE: In the United States, call toll-free: 866-384-4272 For all other countries, access dialing instructions here: https://ugiamerigasethicshelpline.tnwreports.com/Phone 12 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE SHARING CONCERNS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

What is Good Faith? Sharing a concern in good faith means that you honestly or sincerely believe that there may be a violation of our Code, our policies, or the law. 13 WE FOLLOW OUR CODE TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE AFTER YOU SPEAK UP Regardless of who you contact or what resource you choose, any concern you share will be promptly reviewed and, if necessary, investigated by the team with the appropriate subject matter expertise. Information will be shared only with people who need to know in order to investigate and resolve the issue. If we determine that our Code, a policy, or a law has been violated, we will take appropriate corrective action. NO RETALIATION UGI strictly prohibits any form of retaliation against anyone who reports or asks about a suspected wrongful or unlawful activity in good faith. This same protection is provided to employees who participate in an investigation or proceeding related to such activity. If you feel you or a fellow employee has been retaliated against, you should reach out to your manager, the UGI Compliance Group, or someone in the Helpful Resources section. We take these matters very seriously and will not tolerate such behavior. SHARING CONCERNS continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS PROMOTING HEALTH AND SAFETY MAINTAINING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY ANTI-HARASSMENT INTERACTING WITH: CUSTOMERS THIRD PARTIES THE GOVERNMENT 14 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

Examples of threats or acts of violence include Verbal or physical threats; Bullying (demeaning, humiliating behavior); Communicating an endorsement of the inappropriate use of firearms or weapons; Menacing or intimidating behavior; Stalking or other form of behavior that is likely to cause a real or perceived threat of harm or personal discomfort; and Intentional destruction of UGI equipment or property. EVERY PERSON, EVERY DAY. No matter where you work or what job you do, you have a responsibility to promote a safe UGI. That responsibility extends beyond specific, assigned safety tasks. It includes having an awareness of what s going on around you, being proactive to address potential hazards, and speaking up about any situation that could put individuals at risk of illness or injury. BE AT YOUR BEST Substance abuse can pose a threat to a safe workplace and negatively affect you, your coworkers and others at UGI. You may not have, use, or distribute illegal, controlled, or prohibited substances in the workplace. Never perform any of your job duties under the influence of alcohol or drugs (including prescription medication, non-prescription medication, or illegal substances that would impair you). If you suspect that a coworker is impaired, share your concerns with your manager. A VIOLENCE-FREE UGI Our Company has zero tolerance for threats or acts of violence. Except as otherwise provided by law, we do not permit any person to possess weapons of any kind (licensed or unlicensed) on Company sites. Employees are further prohibited from carrying weapons of any kind while performing their duties for UGI or when visiting customer sites on behalf of the Company. Never compromise when it comes to safety. 15 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE The safety of our employees, customers, and communities is our highest priority.PROMOTING HEALTH AND SAFETY LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Know and comply with all safety and security rules, procedures, and manuals that relate to your role, and complete any required training. Speak up immediately about any workplace injuries, illnesses, or unsafe conditions to your manager, any member of management, your local Human Resources representative, the Safety Department, or the UGI Compliance Group. Emergency situations? Immediately contact your local Emergency Services. Follow our physical security guidelines. Be alert to and report any security incidents, violent behavior, or unauthorized individuals in our facilities. 16 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROMOTING HEALTH AND SAFETY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My manager asked me to dispense propane from a tank. I haven t been trained to do this, but I ve seen others do it, and I m sure I can safely perform this task. Should I do as my manager asks? A: No. You should never perform any task if you have not received proper safety training. Let your manager know that you have not received the necessary safety training to perform this task, so that they may direct the request to someone who has. Q: My job includes handling heavy machinery. However, I have been taking physician-prescribed medication or other medications that make me a little drowsy. What should I do? A: Talk with your manager or your local Human Resources representative. UGI doesn t expect you to inform UGI about common over-the-counter medications (e.g., aspirin), but you should always inform your manager or your local Human Resources representative if you have been prescribed or are taking medications that may keep you from safely performing your job. You do not need to disclose your underlying medical condition. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I arrived at work at the same time as a delivery person, who was carrying a big box. After badging in, I held the door for him so he wouldn t have to wait for the person at the front desk. I probably shouldn t have done that, but it just felt impolite to leave him standing there with his hands full. Did I do the right thing? A: No. This could have been a legitimate delivery person, but it could have been someone who was unauthorized to enter the building and was waiting for an opportunity to gain access. The best way to ensure security of our facilities and everyone in them would be to apologize and let the delivery person know that you can t let anyone in without proper authorization. 17 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROMOTING HEALTH AND SAFETY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

CELEBRATE OUR DIVERSITY Each of us and the diversity of backgrounds, experiences, and skills we bring to the workplace adds to the growth and success of UGI. Be respectful of others and do your part to create an inclusive work environment. As a company that operates around the world, we expect you to be professional at all times and to conduct business in a way that reflects positively on UGI. Honor the cultural differences of our employees, business partners, and customers. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY We are an equal employment opportunity employer. We comply with all applicable employment- related laws and regulations and do not tolerate discrimination against anyone based on characteristics protected by law. Examples of characteristics protected by law may include Age; Race; Religion; Gender; Marital status; National origin; Veteran status; Disability; and Sexual orientation. 18 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE Our employees are our most valuable resource.MAINTAINING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Promote diversity and inclusion. Be open to and respectful of points of view that differ from yours. Be fair. Base employment decisions (such as hiring, training, promotions, and compensation) on Company needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications, not on characteristics protected by law. Raise your concerns if you feel you are a victim of discrimination or suspect that someone else is. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I applied for a management position and was interviewed, but I didn t get the job. I believe I was not selected because of my age the position was offered to a person who is much younger than me. What should I do? A: You should contact your local Human Resources representative to discuss your concerns. The fact that a younger candidate was selected does not necessarily constitute discrimination the other candidate may have been better qualified for the position but you should feel comfortable inquiring about the hiring decision. 19 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE MAINTAINING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

DIGNITY AND RESPECT Every individual has a right to work free from harassment (including sexual harassment), bullying, and abusive conduct. Harassment can take many forms and be verbal, physical, or visual all of which are prohibited at UGI. Check our policies to make sure you know how to recognize, and speak up about, harassing behavior. Remember that managers must report complaints they receive, conduct they observe, or alleged activity that is reported to them as potentially violating our policies. Failure to report may be ground for corrective action. BE ALERT Harassment can happen at work, at work- related events, or outside of work. It can happen between members of the same or opposite sex. It can happen between employees and business partners. Don t let it happen. If you see or suspect harassment, say something. If you re uncomfortable saying something directly, say something to your local Human Resources representative, the Law Department, any member of management, or the UGI Compliance Group. Alternatively, you may contact the UGI/ AmeriGas Integrity Helpline. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Do your part to promote a positive workplace. Don t ignore harassment, abusive conduct, or bullying. If you see or suspect harassment, come forward without fear. UGI prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises a concern in good faith. Examples of harassment may include Unwelcome hugging, touching, or sexual advances; Verbal or physical intimidation or aggressive behavior, such as pushing, shoving, or tripping, or cornering/blocking someone in; Offensive or derogatory remarks, jokes, images, or name-calling; Racial slurs or inappropriate comments; and Display of drawings, cartoons, or pictures of a sexual nature (including pornography). 20 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We do not tolerate harassment.MAINTAINING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE ANTI-HARASSMENT LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: In the last few weeks, I ve been over- hearing sexually suggestive comments from one of my coworkers directed at another person. The comments have made me uncomfortable, but I feel like it is none of my business. The individual who is the target of those remarks would speak up if it bothered them, right? A: Not necessarily. Sometimes individuals fear coming forward to report harassing behavior. You can promote a respectful workplace by having a conversation with them and encouraging them to speak up about the comments. Or you can speak directly to the coworker who is making the comments. If you re uncomfortable with either approach, you can share your concerns directly with your manager, any member of management, your local Human Resources representative, the UGI Compliance Group or the UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My manager frequently makes suggestive comments about my appearance and touches me in ways that make me uncomfortable. I ve repeatedly asked him to stop, but he doesn t. I ve thought about reporting the behavior, but he ll know it was me who said something what if speaking up affects the good performance ratings I earn or the job assignments he gives me? A: You are entitled to do your work free of intimidating, hostile, or offensive behavior from anyone, including your manager, and we consider this behavior to be harassment. Report the conduct to another member of management, your local Human Resources representative, the UGI Compliance Group or the UGI/ AmeriGas Integrity Helpline. UGI does not tolerate retaliation, in any form, against anyone who raises a concern in good faith. 21 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE MAINTAINING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE ANTI-HARASSMENT continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Make every customer interaction a positive experience by: - Being professional, polite, and friendly; - Following all safety procedures; - Providing unparalleled customer service and quality products; - Addressing questions, concerns, and needs in a timely manner; and - Consulting with your manager if you are unable to adequately answer a customer question. Protect customer data and the data of potential customers. Don t use it for marketing purposes unless they have provided consent. If someone no longer wants to be contacted by our Company, honor the request. 22 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE CUSTOMERS ARE AT THE CORE OF OUR BUSINESS Our customers are the reason we come to work each day. Strive to provide a customer experience that is not only positive, but also safe, reliable, and responsive. Build trust and deal fairly. Taking unfair advantage of someone by manipulating, concealing, or misrepresenting facts? That s just not how we do business. ADVERTISING AND MARKETING There are laws and regulations that govern how we advertise and market our products and services, and we comply with them. Be true and accurate in any advertising, sales, and promotional materials. Make sure that information you provide accurately reflects the quality, features, availability, and price of the services we provide and the products we sell. Use approved branding guidelines. If you have any questions on how to advertise and market responsibly, contact your respective Marketing Department or the Law Department. We are committed to exceeding customer expectations. INTERACTING WITH CUSTOMERS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Make sure that third parties are meeting their obligations under our contracts and that we are meeting ours. Protect the confidential information and intellectual property of our third parties in the same way we protect UGI s. If you see or suspect behavior that violates our Code, our policies, or the law, report it immediately. Examples of third parties include Suppliers; Vendors; Contractors; Consultants; and Agents. 23 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE MUTUAL TRUST AND RESPECT Positive, productive relationships with third parties do more than help us meet our obligations. They are essential to our growth and success. We value our third-party partners and are committed to dealing fairly and honestly in our interactions with them. RESPONSIBLE DECISION-MAKING In selecting a third-party partner, follow our policies and base decisions on objective criteria, such as quality, price, and service. Be alert to conflicts of interest never let personal relationships and activities interfere with your judgment regarding what s right for the Company. Agreements with third parties must be in writing and approved by our Law Department or your local external counsel appointed by the Law Department. Make sure that any third party we engage receives a copy of our Code and understands our requirements before you sign a written agreement with them. REPUTATIONAL RISK Remember that UGI s reputation is driven by our own actions, and also by the actions of those with whom we do business. One misstep or poor decision by a third party can have legal consequences for our Company and a negative impact on the reputation that we ve worked so hard to earn. This is why selecting the right partners ones who share our high standards is critical. We choose the right third-party partners.INTERACTING WITH THIRD PARTIES LAST PAGE VIEWED 

24 WE UNDERSTAND OUR OBLIGATIONS TO OTHERS TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE WHAT CAN YOU DO? If you are contacted by a government official, contact the Law Department or your local external counsel immediately. Uphold our high standards never interfere with or improperly influence an audit or investigation. Take all investigations seriously, along with any request to search a Company facility. You must not obstruct an investigation (even an unannounced investigation or inspection), but you may ask for a valid search warrant or subpoena. When in doubt, contact the Law Department immediately. INQUIRIES, AUDITS, AND INVESTIGATIONS We may receive requests for interviews or information in connection with an audit or investigation. If you are contacted by a government official, immediately contact the Law Department for assistance. And if you are responsible for providing the Law Department with information to respond on behalf of UGI, cooperate fully and be truthful, accurate, and complete. DAWN RAID PROTOCOL The Dawn Raid protocol is a set of instructions that are intended to guide your actions in the event of an unannounced inspection of our facilities by a competition authority (i.e., the European Commission or the National Competition Authority). If you are approached as part of a Dawn Raid, stay calm and do your part to help the inspection proceed smoothly while preserving the rights and interests of the Company. If you have any questions about your role and responsibilities, consult the Law Department. We value an open and transparent relationship with the government and regulatory officials.INTERACTING WITH THE GOVERNMENT LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY COMPETING FAIRLY PREVENTING BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION CONTRACTING WITH THE GOVERNMENT AVOIDING INSIDER TRADING BEING ALERT FOR MONEY LAUNDERING CONDUCTING BUSINESS BEYOND BORDERS 25 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

26 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We believe in a free and open marketplace and in protecting consumers from anti- competitive conduct. COMPETING FAIRLY ANTITRUST AND FAIR COMPETITION Most countries have laws designed to keep the global marketplace thriving, and we re committed to complying with them, everywhere we operate. Although these laws can be complex and vary from country to country, it s important to understand how they affect your day-to-day work and avoid conduct that might suggest impropriety. WHAT TO AVOID Always compete lawfully and avoid any agreements (either formal or informal) with competitors that could limit free and open competition. Laws in this subject area are complex; when in doubt, contact the Law Department for guidance. Examples of anti-competitive behavior may include agreements with another party to: Raise, set, hold, not discount, or take any other action regarding pricing Divide customer, geographic, or market segments Restrict production, sales, or output Boycott or refuse to deal with a particular competitor, supplier, or customer Prevent another company from entering the market Interfere with, influence, or rig the competitive bidding process Share employee salary or benefit information with each other or agree not to hire each other s employees (without a lawful business purpose) It s also important to take care in what you say about our competitors. Never make false claims about their products and services. Antitrust and competition laws also help to keep any one company from unlawfully monopolizing an industry. What is Tying? It is an anti-competitive practice of selling a product or service as a requirement for purchasing another product or service, which results in restricting competition and provides no benefit for the customer. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Compete fairly, vigorously, and lawfully. Always be honest about who you are and who you work for. Be careful in any interaction with an actual or potential competitor, including at conferences and trade shows. Don t discuss pricing, costs, customers, terms of sale, or marketing strategies with competitors. If a competitor raises one of these topics, stop the conversation immediately, inform the competitor that you cannot discuss these topics, and report the incident to the Law Department. Gather information about our competitors through public sources, such as news stories and trade journal articles, never through deception, misrepresentation, theft, or any other unethical means. Be aware: The penalties for violations of antitrust and competition laws can be severe for both you and UGI, including criminal penalties and jail sentences. If you re ever unclear about your responsibilities, seek help from the Law Department. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: May I pretend to be a customer to get pricing information from our competitors? A: No. Obtaining information about a competitor by misrepresenting your identity or by inducing an employee of the competitor or a third party to divulge confidential (nonpublic) information is against our policy. Gathering information about our competitors is a legitimate business activity when done lawfully and ethically. We certainly do not search through our competitors trash or allow others to do so for us. However, it would be acceptable to review industry analyst reports, non-confidential customer or supplier intelligence or other public information about our competitors. 27 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE COMPETING FAIRLY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

28 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We conduct business with integrity we don t offer bribes, accept bribes, or ask someone to bribe for us. PREVENTING BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION ZERO TOLERANCE Bribery and corruption can harm our customers, harm our communities, and harm the global marketplace, so we strictly comply with laws designed to prevent it, everywhere we operate. Do not offer, give, promise, or accept anything of value either directly or indirectly in order to get business, keep business, or gain an unfair advantage. DEFINING A BRIBE A bribe can be something other than cash, including: Gifts that are excessive or lavish Charitable or political contributions Job offers Stocks or investments Loans or favors In general, anything of value that is offered to influence a decision could be considered a bribe. So, regardless of local practice or the practices of other companies, make sure you avoid even the appearance of improper activity. GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS Bribery laws vary from country to country, and some countries impose more severe penalties for bribing government officials, but our policy is simple: Don t bribe anyone, at any level, at any organization. Never use your governmental contacts or any connections with persons in authority to obtain undue favors or preferential treatment in return for payment this is known as influence peddling and violates our policies and the law. What is a Facilitating Payment? A small payment, sometimes referred to as a grease payment made to low-level, government officials to speed up routine government actions such as: Processing permits, licenses, visas, and work orders; Obtaining customs clearance; Providing phone service, power, and water supply; and Loading and unloading cargo. Although they may be legal in some countries, facilitating payments are prohibited by UGI. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Choose third parties wisely. We may be responsible for the actions of third parties doing business on our behalf, so set clear expectations and actively monitor the work of those who do business with us. Never direct a third party to do something that you re not legally permitted to do yourself. Be able to recognize a bribe when you see one. Before you offer or accept anything of value, check our policies and ask for guidance if you re not sure of what to do. If an offer is permitted by our policies, be accurate and complete in recording payments and expenses in our books and records. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My team wants to give a local police officer a gift as a token of thanks. This would be for regularly patrolling while we do service inspections. Is this appropriate? A: No. You should not give the police officer a gift on behalf of the Company. This could be viewed as a bribe for favored treatment. Q: My manager has asked me to submit a payment to a government official. This is to help facilitate the process of getting permits and licensing for our Company to do business in another country. May I provide this payment? A: In some countries, these types of payments are allowed by law, but they are prohibited by UGI. Contact the Law Department for guidance on how to proceed. 29 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PREVENTING BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

Transparency, accountability, and openness are the key to not only winning, but also retaining, our government business. 30 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE OUR COMMITMENT Contracting with the government is complex and heavily regulated to ensure that public policy objectives are met and taxpayers receive the best value for goods and services. We understand that, and we understand the responsibility we have to comply with the terms of our contracts and the laws, including regulations. PROCUREMENT INTEGRITY If UGI is bidding on or preparing a proposal for a government contract, follow the applicable rules (for example, any request for proposal guidelines, as applicable). Compete fairly and ethically and abide by both the letter and the spirit of laws designed to promote full and open competition. GIFTS AND BUSINESS COURTESIES The laws governing what we can give to our government partners are very strict. Don t give anything of value, including gifts, entertainment, or a meal to a government official without receiving approval in advance from the Law Department. Anything of value means anything even low-priced promotional items can pose a problem. We work to be a responsible partner and meet our contractual obligations.CONTRACTING WITH THE GOVERNMENT LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? If your job involves contracting with the government or participating in government audits or investigations, work to be a good, responsible partner. Protect any government property or classified information if you have a security clearance, remember that a special obligation has been placed on you. 31 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE CONTRACTING WITH THE GOVERNMENT continued Be alert for Bribery this can take the form of requests from a government official, for example, that you get them a job at UGI, make a political contribution, or use a particular vendor in exchange for a contract; Conflicts of interest if you have a personal relationship with an employee of a government agency, you must disclose it; and Anti-competitive conduct discussing prices or agreeing with a competitor or official on who will win (a practice known as bid rigging is both unfair and illegal. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Don t take chances. If you re not sure if information is inside information, treat it as though it is and seek help from the Law Department before trading on it or tipping others to trade. Be aware that you re prohibited from trading on inside information even if you leave UGI. 32 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE WHAT IS INSIDER TRADING? As an employee of UGI, you may be exposed to information about our Company or companies with which we do business that is not available to the public and would be considered material in terms of influencing an investor to buy, sell, or hold stock or other securities in that company. Trading based on that information is called insider trading, and it s illegal. Passing along a tip to someone else that they then use to trade is also a form of insider trading. DON T TRADE, DON T TIP. Know the kinds of information considered inside information and follow our policies to make sure the information is protected from illegal use or disclosure. We don t trade or tip others so they may trade on material, nonpublic inside information.AVOIDING INSIDER TRADING Examples of inside information include nonpublic information about Our finances, including earnings and revenues; Sales volumes, margins, and forecasts; Potential mergers, acquisitions, or joint ventures; New products or services; Changes in executive leadership; The gain or loss of customers or suppliers; and Potential legislation that would impact our business. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: One of our suppliers with whom I work is a publicly traded company. I d like to buy some of their stock because I think it is a good value. However, because of my business interactions with them, I ve learned that their Board of Directors just approved a large project to expand their operations. That information makes me even more eager to buy but I haven t seen anything about it in the news. Can I purchase this stock? A: No, you may not purchase their stock. The information you received is considered material, nonpublic information (i.e., information that is important to the investing public, but is not yet publicly known). Until that information is publicly announced by the supplier, it is illegal for you to buy that company s stock and any such purchase would be considered to be insider trading. Also remember that it is illegal for you to share this sensitive information with anyone else. 33 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE AVOIDING INSIDER TRADING continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Take the time to know our business partners and their reputation for lawful business practices. Take the time to know our customers and their use of our products and services. Familiarity with customer habits and practices can make it easier to spot something irregular or suspicious. Report any unusual activity to your manager or the Law Department. WHAT IS MONEY LAUNDERING? Money laundering is a process where funds generated through criminal activity such as terrorism, drug dealing, human trafficking, and fraud are moved through legitimate businesses in order to hide their criminal origin. We comply with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws in the countries where we operate. RED FLAGS Know the warning signs of money laundering and monitor transactions and activities in your work that may be more susceptible to acts of money laundering. Examples of money laundering red flags include Large cash payments; Unusual fund transfers to or from foreign countries; and A customer or supplier who provides incomplete information or avoids recordkeeping requirements. 34 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We know our customers and raise concerns when we suspect illegal activity.BEING ALERT FOR MONEY LAUNDERING LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Make sure that anything we import or export is properly classified in advance based on the country of origin, the destination, the end use, and the end user. Also make sure that all required documentation (including labeling, licensing, permits, and approvals) is completed. If you receive a request to comply with a boycott (or requests to supply boycott- related information), contact the Law Department. IMPORTS AND EXPORTS We comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and restrictions in the import or export of our products, services, information, or technology in every geographical location where we operate. You are responsible for understanding and following the laws in the country (or countries) where you work as well as any additional laws that may pertain to your import and export operations. We also expect those in our supply chain to know and understand the requirements that apply to their products, services, and technologies. ECONOMIC SANCTIONS AND EMBARGOES As a U.S.-based company, we don t conduct business with countries, companies, or individuals that are subject to United States or other applicable trade embargoes or economic sanctions, and we don t participate in boycotts where doing so would violate applicable U.S. law. Be aware that the laws of more than one country may apply in cross-border transactions. 35 WE CONDUCT BUSINESS RESPONSIBLY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We serve customers, engage with business partners, and comply with trade laws all over the world.CONDUCTING BUSINESS BEYOND BORDERS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION MAINTAINING FINANCIAL INTEGRITY PROTECTING: PHYSICAL AND ELECTRONIC ASSETS CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST KNOWING THE RULES ABOUT GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT COMMUNICATING ABOUT UGI 36 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

A SHARED RESPONSIBILITY Accuracy in recordkeeping is not just for our accountants and auditors, but for all of us. Every business action we take the timesheets we complete, the expense reports we submit, the sales orders we process, and the deliveries we accept involves some aspect of reporting or recording. Make sure that what you report reflects the true nature of the transaction. Follow our internal controls, be accurate and complete, and provide supporting documentation when required. FINANCIAL REPORTING As a publicly traded company, we have obligations to both current and prospective investors. If you are responsible for disclosing information to regulatory authorities, comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and make sure the information you provide is complete, accurate, and timely. We cooperate with requests for information from government and regulatory agencies. If you are contacted directly by a government agency, notify the Law Department for information on how you should respond, and if you are asked by UGI to participate in a government audit or investigation, cooperate fully. For more information, see the Interacting With the Government section. RECORDS MANAGEMENT The responsible creation, storage, maintenance, and disposal of records is another important aspect of maintaining financial integrity. Comply with your business unit s policies as they relate to proper records management. There may be occasions when UGI needs to hold data for legal, audit, or investigative reasons. If you receive a legal hold notification from the Law Department, do not destroy or dispose of information that might be needed even if it is within the disposal period of your business unit s record retention and disposition policy. Follow the directions outlined in the notification and keep the requested data intact and secure. Good business records drive good business decisions good business decisions inspire trust. 37 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE Accurate and complete records help UGI make important business decisions. MAINTAINING FINANCIAL INTEGRITY Be alert for Misrepresenting or omitting information; Stealing, embezzling, or misusing funds; False entries or improper payments; Undisclosed or off-the- record accounts; and Fraud. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Always provide data that is complete, accurate, and timely. Never misrepresent facts or allow your judgment to be compromised. Remember, no one has the authority to force you to do something illegal. Do not alter, compromise, or circumvent our systems or controls, even if your manager, or someone with more seniority, asks you to do so. If you have questions or concerns about the Company s records or public disclosures, raise them. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: At quarter-end, my manager asked me to record some additional expenses, even though we haven t received the invoices from the supplier, and the work has not yet started. I m sure the work will be completed in the next quarter, so I did as I was asked. Now I wonder if I did the right thing. A: No, you didn t. Costs should be recorded in the period in which they are incurred. Misrepresenting the facts in this way distorted the true chain of events and, depending on the circumstances, could amount to fraud. Report the incident to any member of management, the UGI Compliance Group or the UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline. 38 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE MAINTAINING FINANCIAL INTEGRITY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

UGI DEPENDS ON YOU Every day at work, you use or access Company assets, and you are responsible for their proper care. This means protecting them from loss, theft, abuse, and unauthorized use. What are Company Assets? Everything we need to carry out UGI s business, including: Physical assets, such as the facilities where we work, the Company vehicles we drive, and the equipment, tools, and supplies we use; Technology assets, such as cell phones, and mobile devices, computer hardware, software, data, networks, and internet access; and Financial assets, such as cash, Company credit cards, purchasing cards, and inventory. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Use UGI assets for UGI business only. Never borrow, lend, sell, or give them away unless you re authorized to do so. If you have a Company credit card or purchasing card, you should only use it for business-related charges. Be aware that personal use of UGI-issued cell phones and computers is OK as long as your use is limited, occasional, and never interferes with the time, talent, and energy you bring to your job and does not violate our policies. However, you should have no expectation of privacy when using our systems information you create, share, or download onto UGI systems belongs to UGI, and we reserve the right to monitor your use at any time, to the extent permitted by law. 39 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE Safeguarding Company assets helps us do our jobs, serve our customers, and build an even better UGI. PROTECTING PHYSICAL AND ELECTRONIC ASSETS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I am working on a personal project at my home over the weekend and would like to borrow some Company-owned tools. Would this be allowed? A: No, using Company-owned equipment for personal use is not permitted. Q: I have to run to a quick meeting with my manager. Can I leave my computer unlocked and unattended if it is only for a few minutes? A: No, if you have to walk away from your computer, you may leave it on. However, lock the screen to prevent unauthorized access to your files.WHAT CAN YOU DO? Observe good security habits. Follow our policies to prevent unauthorized access not only to our buildings and vehicles, but also to our networks and systems. Keep keys, ID cards, access cards, and passwords protected. Observe good cybersecurity to avoid phishing, malware, ransomware, and other forms of attack that could put our operations at risk. 40 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROTECTING PHYSICAL AND ELECTRONIC ASSETS continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

INFORMATION ABOUT PEOPLE Protecting the personal information of our coworkers, customers, and third parties is another way for us to do the right thing. It is yet another way we show respect for those who rely on us. As a company, UGI abides by all applicable data privacy laws and regulations and is committed to handling information the right way. As an employee, you are responsible for protecting the privacy of the individuals who have provided you with their personal information, as well as helping reduce the risk of a data loss or breach, by following your business unit policies as they relate to: Collecting personal information Classifying personal information Using and sharing personal information Storing and disposing of personal information 41 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE Information drives everything we do that s why each of us has a responsibility to collect it, use it, and handle it responsibly. PROTECTING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION What is Personal Information? The definition can vary greatly, depending on your location, but generally includes any data that could directly or indirectly identify someone, such as a person s: Name; Address; Email; Phone number; Bank or credit card information; Identification number; Birth date; Benefits, pay, or performance information; or IP address, geolocation, account passwords, biometric information, and household information. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

42 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROTECTING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION continued INFORMATION ABOUT UGI Depending on your job, you may have access to confidential Company information, including customer data, business and marketing plans, pricing policies and practices, nonpublic financial information, budgets and forecasts, acquisition and strategic plans, and operating policies and practices. When you protect this information, as well as UGI s intellectual property, you help us to be successful and maintain a leadership position in the marketplace. Discoveries, inventions, concepts, written materials, and trade secrets that are created using Company time, resources, or materials are also the property of UGI. INFORMATION ABOUT THIRD PARTIES What about information that s not ours? We have a responsibility to respect the confidential business information and intellectual property of our customers, vendors, partners, and other third parties, too. If you have access to their information, handle it with the same level of care you apply to UGI s information and intellectual property. Honor all confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, and do your part to protect the privacy of third parties and their information from loss or unauthorized disclosure. What is Intellectual Property? Inventions, discoveries, or written materials that are unique to UGI and make us who we are, including: Trade secrets; Copyrights; Trademarks; Designs; Logos; and Other Company-specific proprietary information. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Respect the privacy of all individuals and be committed to taking appropriate measures to protect personal information against unauthorized access. Collect confidential and personal information by lawful and fair means and, use, process, and keep it only for legitimate business purposes. Access only the information you need to complete your work, and retain it (or dispose of it) in accordance with your business unit s data retention and destruction procedures. Share confidential information only on a need-to-know basis, limiting access to those inside or outside of UGI who require the information to do their jobs. Make sure there is a confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement in place before you share information with anyone outside of UGI. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Immediately report all suspected data breaches or the theft or loss of personal and/or confidential information (or devices with personal and/or confidential information on them) to your manager and the IT Department. If you should leave UGI, return all proprietary information in your possession and do not share our confidential information with your new employer. Remember, your obligation to protect our confidential information is forever. In the event confidential and personal information is eligible for destruction, follow applicable procedures for disposal of this information, complying with any legal requirements associated with the type of information (paper or electronic). If you have any questions relating to data privacy, please contact UGI s Data Protection Officer (DPO) at Privacy@ugicorp.com. 43 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROTECTING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I believe that I may have clicked on an external link asking for my professional login and password. What should I do? A: Immediately contact your respective IT Department and make them aware of the issue. You may also contact the Integrity Helpline. Q: I keep many paper files that have customer information on them. Is it OK for me to leave these papers in my Company vehicle? A: Take responsible precautions to protect this information. If you must carry paper files that have confidential data, store the papers in a place not visible from outside the vehicle and lock all vehicle doors. Q: A coworker accidentally sent me an email containing personal information about some of our customers. I am not authorized to have the information she sent. What should I do? A: You should report the issue right away, and in the meantime, do not read the information or distribute it further. Sending our customers personal information to someone not authorized to have it could cause harm to those customers and to UGI s reputation. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My Company-issued cell phone was stolen. What should I do? A: Immediately report any lost or stolen equipment or printed materials that contain confidential Company information or the personal information of coworkers, customers, or third parties to your respective IT Department. Q: I mistakenly sent a file containing a customer s personal data to another customer. What should I do? A: Immediately contact your manager and the IT Department to report the incident. Resolving incidents that result in the loss, disappearance, or misuse of personal information as soon as possible helps to reduce the possible impact to the individual(s) concerned, as well as UGI. 44 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE PROTECTING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT S A CONFLICT OF INTEREST? A conflict of interest occurs when your personal interests interfere or may be perceived by others to interfere with the decisions you make as an employee of UGI. Conflicts of interest can have a harmful effect on the trust people place in you and in our Company, so it s important to recognize a conflict when you see one. Although it s not possible to list every conflict of interest scenario, there are certain situations where they frequently happen. Being alert to these types of situations can help you to avoid them: Using UGI s assets or your position for personal gain Taking for yourself a business deal or opportunity that you discover through your work at UGI Accepting a second job that conflicts with the job you do at UGI Leveraging your position at UGI to hire, promote, or supervise family or close friends Making a large financial investment in major UGI suppliers, contractors, or customers Working for a competitor or a company that does (or wants to do) business with UGI Accepting a role as a board or committee member that interferes with your obligations to UGI Offering or accepting gifts, meals or entertainment that could be perceived as frequent, excessive or lavish and create a quid pro quo expectation for UGI 45 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We act in the best interest of UGI and avoid the kinds of situations where conflicts of interest may happen.AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST LAST PAGE VIEWED 

DISCLOSING A CONFLICT If you suspect you may have a conflict, disclose the situation to the UGI Compliance Group or the Law Department. Many conflicts can be avoided or managed if they are disclosed promptly. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Take the time to review our conflicts of interest policy, and be aware that our policy, depending upon the situation, may extend to the activities of your close personal friends and family members, too. If you re still not sure if a situation could pose a conflict of interest ask yourself: - Could this affect my ability to make an objective decision on behalf of UGI? - Would my actions make others inside or outside of UGI question my motives or my loyalty to UGI? If the right course of action is still not clear, discuss the situation with the UGI Compliance Group or the Law Department. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My wife applied for a job at one of UGI s business units. She is very qualified for the position. Can I tell the hiring manager about her credentials? A: Yes, you may recommend a family member or close friend for a position UGI always appreciates the referral of highly qualified individuals but you may not be involved in the hiring process or supervise a family member. You must also ensure that your wife discloses her relationship with you when applying for the position. Q: My employee owns a side business that performs a variety of services (including office cleaning, lawn mowing, and snow removal). Am I allowed to have this employee also work as a contractor for our location? A: You should seek guidance from your respective Human Resources Department, the Law Department or the UGI Compliance Group regarding this situation, as decisions are made on a case-by-case basis. 46 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I am considering an outside business venture, selling nutritional supplements. Can I use Company bulletin boards or email to advertise my products to coworkers? A: No. You may not promote your products or services during Company hours or on Company property, and you may not use UGI s facilities, resources, or name to support your personal business activity. Q: My manager and I have a great relationship we work well together and share a lot of the same interests. Would it be against Company policy to ask him out on a date? A: Yes. Dating your manager could pose a conflict of interest or at least give the appearance of one since decisions he makes (about the kinds of assignments or working conditions or promotions you re given) could be viewed by others as preferential or unfair treatment. If you have questions about a potential conflict of interest, seek guidance from the UGI Compliance Group or from Human Resources. See the Maintaining a Respectful Workplace: Anti-harassment section for more information. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: My brothers and I own a business and we are planning to bid on a project for UGI. What should I do? A: You should seek guidance from your manager or the UGI Compliance Group regarding required disclosures before you or your brothers submit a bid on the project. 47 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE AVOIDING CONFLICTS OF INTEREST continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

BUSINESS COURTESY OR BRIBE? An inexpensive thank-you gift, an informal dinner after a meeting, an offer to attend a local sports event these are normal and customary ways to build and maintain business relationships. But when a gift or offer goes too far or is offered too frequently, it can create a conflict of interest. That s why UGI has guidelines in place to help you determine what is appropriate and what isn t. By following these guidelines and asking questions anytime you are unsure, you maintain your objectivity and foster good, ethical business relationships. DECLINING A GIFT OR OFFER If you are offered a gift that doesn t conform to our guidelines, respectfully and politely return the gift and explain UGI s policy. If you are concerned that declining the gift would be seen as disrespectful (due to cultural reasons, for example), accept the gift on behalf of the Company and contact your manager and the UGI Compliance Group so that we can determine its proper disposition. Often, these gifts may be donated to a charity on behalf of the Company. A gift or offer of entertainment that places you under some obligation or influences your decision-making is always inappropriate. 48 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We have rules in place that govern gifts and entertainment to avoid even the perception of anything improper. KNOWING THE RULES ABOUT GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT What is a Gift? Typically a tangible item, such as: A modestly priced bottle of wine; A box of candy; A bouquet of flowers; or A promotional t-shirt. What is Entertainment? Typically, an event during which a business discussion takes place, such as: A meal at a restaurant; A sporting event; or A cultural event. LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Make sure you know what s acceptable. - Gifts must be lawful, nominal in value, and aligned with our standards and policies; and - Entertainment must be non-lavish, reasonable, and infrequent. Both the business partner and the UGI employee responsible for the business relationship must attend the event together (you may not pass off tickets to an employee who has no direct affiliation with the business partner or attend the event without the business partner). Make sure you know what s not acceptable. - Gifts are never acceptable if they are: Lavish or frequent; Cash or cash equivalents (e.g., gift cards); Legally prohibited; or A quid pro quo (i.e., you give me this, and I will give you that) offer. WHAT CAN YOU DO? - Entertainment is not acceptable if it is: A specialty ticket to a sporting event like the Super Bowl or World Cup; An adult form of entertainment (e.g., strip clubs); or A quid pro quo offer. - The rules for what you may give to a government official are extremely strict do not offer or provide anything of value (either directly or indirectly) to a government official without obtaining approval in advance from the UGI Compliance Group or the Law Department (see the Preventing Bribery and Corruption and Contracting With the Government sections of the Code for more information). 49 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE KNOWING THE RULES ABOUT GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: An employee I supervise wished to congratulate me on a promotion. She gave me a 200 gift card. Is this an acceptable gift to accept from my direct report? A: No, you should not accept this gift. First, gift cards are considered cash equivalents and are not permitted by our guidelines. Second, the amount of 200 is considered lavish. And finally, the fact that it was given after a promotion may lead others to view this as a bribe. Q: A supplier invited me to a local sporting event and provided me with a free ticket. May I attend the game? A: Yes, provided that the supplier will be joining you for the game and the other facts surrounding this invitation, such as the frequency of such tickets being provided to you, do not create the appearance of a conflict of interest or improper influence. Also, please note the importance of it being a regular season game (as opposed to the World Series or World Cup). EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: I was invited to an industry conference sponsored and paid for by one of our suppliers. It will be held at a resort and the supplier will pay all expenses including travel and lodging. The purpose of the conference is to demonstrate the supplier s new line of software. May I attend this conference? A: If there is a business purpose and a benefit to our Company, attendance may be permitted; however, our Company should pay all expenses. You must avoid the appearance of any conflict of interest and never put yourself in a position of being obligated to any certain vendor. Check with your manager or with the UGI Compliance Group for guidance. 50 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE KNOWING THE RULES ABOUT GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

OUTSIDE INQUIRIES As a publicly traded company, UGI s public statements must be carefully managed to ensure accuracy and compliance with legal requirements. Unless you are a designated spokesperson, don t speak on behalf of UGI or give the impression that your views represent those of the Company. If you are contacted by the media, investors, or market analysts and asked to discuss Company business, advise the individual that you re not authorized to respond and refer them to the proper resource. For questions from external parties, contact the UGI Investor Relations team at Investors@ugicorp.com. 51 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We rely on Company spokespersons to provide information about UGI to ensure consistency and accuracy. COMMUNICATING ABOUT UGI LAST PAGE VIEWED 

SOCIAL MEDIA Social media offers a valuable platform for sharing information and maintaining personal and business relationships. But use good judgment. Remember, you are responsible for what you post make sure your use doesn t violate our Code, our policies, or the law, and make it clear that any opinions you express about our Company are your own, not those of UGI. If you see posts on social media that you believe are inaccurate or unfairly represent UGI, don t attempt to correct the misinformation, but instead contact your respective Communications Department so they may address it. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Don t speak on behalf of UGI unless you re authorized to do so refer all inquiries to the appropriate resource. Take care in your social media use to: - Never disclose proprietary or confidential business information about UGI, our customers, or our business partners; - Avoid posting anything that could be discriminatory or constitute harassment; and - Think before you hit send remember that what you post online reflects on you personally and, possibly, as an employee and that online communications live forever. 52 WE PRESERVE OUR REPUTATION TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE COMMUNICATING ABOUT UGI continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT HONORING HUMAN RIGHTS VOLUNTEERING AND CONTRIBUTING RESPONSIBLY 53 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE LAST PAGE VIEWED 

A GOOD STEWARD Our Value of Responsibility speaks to the commitment UGI makes to promoting sustainability and the responsible use of the Earth s natural resources. We comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. But we look for opportunities beyond what s legally mandated to be environmentally responsible in the operation of our facilities, to invest in alternative energy sources, to provide consumers with energy- saving tips, and to forge partnerships with others on environmentally friendly projects. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Follow all safety rules for handling, transporting, and disposing of hazardous waste. Promptly report any environmental concerns, including leaks, spills, dumping, or discharging. Reduce your environmental footprint practice recycling where available and reduce your personal consumption of water, energy, and other resources. 54 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We sustain and protect the environment where we live and work.PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT LAST PAGE VIEWED 

STAY ALERT We conduct our business in a manner that respects the human rights and dignity of all, and we support international efforts to promote and protect human rights, including an absolute opposition to slavery and human trafficking, child labor, and forced labor. We never knowingly do business with any individual or company that violates employment laws or engages in human rights abuses. We also expect our suppliers to source responsibly, monitor their suppliers and, where needed, require corrective action. WHAT CAN YOU DO? Report any suspicion or evidence of human rights abuses in our operations or in the operations of our suppliers. Remember that respect for human dignity begins with our daily interactions with one another and with our suppliers and customers. It includes promoting diversity, making reasonable accommodations for disabilities, and doing our part to protect the rights and dignity of everyone with whom we do business. 55 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We are committed to treating all people with respect and dignity.HONORING HUMAN RIGHTS LAST PAGE VIEWED 

CHARITABLE ACTIVITIES We celebrate employees who are making a positive difference in the communities where they live, work, and play. We encourage your personal involvement in charitable organizations and causes. Just make sure that your activities are undertaken without pressuring coworkers or business partners to support them and that your participation is in accordance with any local policies. UGI sponsors many initiatives designed to support communities, too. You are invited (but not required) to dedicate time and talents to advancing education, community development, disaster response, and the environment. When UGI sponsors an event or makes a contribution, it must be done under appropriate local approval. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Law Department. POLITICAL ACTIVITIES UGI encourages you to exercise your civic duty. Personal political activities should be undertaken on your own time, using your own funds and resources. Make it clear that your views and actions don t reflect those of UGI, and don t solicit support for political candidates, parties, or committee organizations from others you work with. If you plan to seek or accept a public office, notify your manager in advance. You will need to discuss with your manager and the UGI Compliance Group whether your official duties might affect your work for the Company. UGI s political action committee (UGI/PAC) allows eligible employees to voluntarily donate personal funds to collectively support political candidates who understand issues important to UGI and our industry in the United States. But there are strict rules and reporting requirements associated with these contributions. For more information, contact the Law Department. 56 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE We are making a positive impact on communities around the corner and across the globe.VOLUNTEERING AND CONTRIBUTING RESPONSIBLY LAST PAGE VIEWED 

WHAT CAN YOU DO? Take care to not let your personal interests interfere with your professional interests. Avoid conflicts of interest. Your charitable and/or political activities should never adversely impact the time or energy you bring to your job at UGI. Seek approval from your manager when volunteering or participating in charity events during working hours. Be aware that neither UGI (nor the PAC) will reimburse you for any personal charitable or political contributions you make. Obtain permission from the Law Department before engaging in lobbying. EVERYDAY INTEGRITY Q: May I use the office printer to create flyers for a political event? I am hosting it at my local community center. A: No. Although UGI encourages your involvement with candidates and causes that are important to you, you may not use Company resources to advance your personal interests, unless you have received approval in advance from Company management to do so. 57 WE SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE VOLUNTEERING AND CONTRIBUTING RESPONSIBLY continued LAST PAGE VIEWED 

58 TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE CLOSING THOUGHTS Thank you for reading our Code and making a commitment to doing the right thing. Working together, we ll maintain the reputation we ve earned for exceeding the expectations of our customers, being a great place to build a career for our employees, and returning value to our communities and investors. Remember, our success is not only a function of the energy products and services we deliver. It is also a function of the everyday ways in which we deliver them it is how we do what we do. That is what makes us a great company. As you go about your daily responsibilities as a UGI employee, use the Code as a resource for answers to questions, access to people who can help you, and resources for speaking up about misconduct. We look to each and every member of the UGI family through lawful and ethical conduct to build upon the Company s legacy and to lay the groundwork for serving future generations of customers. CLOSING THOUGHTS The UGI Leadership Team LAST PAGE VIEWED 

CONTACT CONTACT INFORMATION Corporate Human Resources HumanResources@ugicorp.com Corporate Internal Audit Department InternalAudit@ugicorp.com Corporate Investor Relations Investors@ugicorp.com Corporate Law Department LawDepartment@ugicorp.com UGI s Data Protection Officer Privacy@ugicorp.com The UGI Compliance Group Compliance@ugicorp.com The UGI/AmeriGas Integrity Helpline Share your concern online: https://ugiamerigasethicshelpline.tnwreports.com Share your concern via phone: In the United States, call toll-free: 866-384-4272 For all other countries, access dialing instructions here: https://ugiamerigasethicshelpline.tnwreports.com/Phone WAIVERS Waivers of or exceptions to the Code require specific prior written approval of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer, the Company s Board of Directors or a Board committee prior to undertaking any action or activity that would otherwise be deemed a Code violation. Any waivers granted will be publicly disclosed as required. Regarding U.S. employees only, nothing in this Code or in any of our policies is intended to limit or interfere with the right to engage in activities protected under Section 7 of the U.S. National Labor Relations Act, such as discussions related to wages, hours, working conditions, health hazards, and safety issues. 59 TABLE OF CONTENTS HELPLINE HELPFUL RESOURCES Need help? Talk to your manager, any member of management, or your local Human Resources representative. Contact information for other key resources is listed below. HELPFUL RESOURCES LAST PAGE VIEWED 

THE UGI CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 2024 

</EX-14>

<EX-19.1>
 9
 ex191insidertradingpolicys.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 
 Exhibit 19.1 

Insider Trading Policy 
 Effective Date October 1, 2024 
 
 Purpose 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy (the Policy (i) prohibits employees from trading in UGI s securities while in possession of the company s Material Nonpublic Information (referred to as MNPI ), (ii) sets forth the consequences of violating this policy, and (iii) describes the process that certain employees designated as Restricted Persons must follow when trading in UGI securities. 
 
 Scope 
 
 This Policy applies to all employees (including temporary, seasonal and flex), executive officers, directors, consultants, contractors and or affiliates (collectively, Covered Individuals of the Company and its subsidiaries, including any individuals living in a Covered Individual s household, such as a spouse, children or other dependents. 
 
 Policy 
 No Covered Individual who is in possession of MNPI may, directly or indirectly, or through Family Members, Controlled Entities or other persons or entities 
 Buy or sell Company Securities or engage in any other action to take personal advantage of such MNPI 
 Disclose the Company s MNPI to others outside the Company, including, but not limited to, family, friends, customers, suppliers, investors and or consulting firms, unless any such disclosure is made in accordance with a non-disclosure agreement or the Company s external communications policy, as may be updated from time to time 
 Give trading advice of any kind about Company Securities to anyone or 
 Assist anyone engaged in the above activities. 
 
 A Covered Individual is also prohibited from taking the above actions with respect to any other publicly traded company where, in the course of performing services for the Company, such Covered Individual becomes the direct or indirect recipient of MNPI about such other company. 
 If you are not sure whether information is MNPI, you should consult the Chief Compliance Officer before you disclose the information or trade in the Company s securities. 
 
 I. Penalties 
 
 There are severe potential legal penalties for trading on or communicating MNPI both for the employee involved and the Company, including significant monetary fines, prison sentences, and or a return of profits and related penalties. The Company expects strict compliance with this 

Policy by all Covered Individuals, as well as their Family Members and Controlled Entities, and the exercise of appropriate judgment in connection with trading, in general. Covered Individuals are responsible for making sure that they comply with this Policy, and that their Family Members and Controlled Entities also comply with this Policy. 
 In addition to potential legal penalties, Violation of this Policy may lead to disciplinary action, including, but not limited to, termination of employment. 
 
 II. Exempt Transactions 
 
 This Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions, except as specifically noted 
 
 Certain Stock Option Exercises This Policy does not apply to (A) an exercise and hold, through which a Covered Individual exercises Company stock options and subsequently acquires and holds Company Securities, or (B) a net exercise, through which a Covered Individual elects to withhold shares subject to a stock option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. 
 Restricted Stock This Policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock (e.g., stock units or performance units). This Policy also does not apply to a Covered Individual s election to withhold Company Securities to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. 
 401(k) Plan This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in a company-sponsored 401(k) plan resulting from a periodic contribution through a payroll deduction election. However, this Policy does apply to certain elections a Covered Individual may make under the 401(k) plan, including, but not limited to, an election to purchase Company Securities in the 401(k) plan or to change the percentage of periodic contributions. 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan DRIP This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities under the Company s DRIP resulting from a Covered Individual s reinvestment of dividends paid on Company Securities. However, this Policy does apply to a Covered Individual s election to participate in the DRIP or to change the level of participation in the DRIP. 
 Bona Fide Gifts This Policy does not apply to bona fide gifts of the Company Securities unless the Covered Individual making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company Securities while the donor is aware of MNPI. All Covered Individuals are encouraged to consult the Trading Clearance Team when considering making a gift. Restricted Persons must receive pre-clearance for any gifts. 
 Mutual Funds Transactions in mutual funds that are invested in Company Securities are not subject to this Policy. 
 
 III. Additional Requirements for Restricted Persons 
 
 Pre-Clearance of Transactions and Trading Windows 
 2 

The Company will advise you if you are a Restricted Person. If you are a Restricted Person, you are restricted from trading in Company securities except during trading window periods following the public release of quarterly results. Even if the trading window is open, you will need pre-clearance from a member of the Trading Clearance Team for any proposed purchase or sale of Company securities (including (x) purchasing and selling Company securities through a personal brokerage account and (y) enrolling in and making changes to your investment in Company securities through (i) a company-sponsored 401(k) plan, and or (ii) the DRIP). You do not need pre-clearance to exercise your options during a trading window (unless you are an executive officer or director of the Company subject to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s reporting requirements). 
 
 Pre-clearance of a transaction is only valid during the time-period specified by the Trading Clearance Team and must be requested again after that time-period expires. If you become aware of MNPI after pre-clearance has been granted, but before a trade is executed, your original pre-clearance will be void and you will be prohibited from engaging in the transaction. 
 
 The Trading Clearance Team has the right to close the trading window for a subset of Restricted Individuals at any time if those individuals become aware of MNPI. 
 
 IV. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 The Company s directors and executive officers are permitted to adopt trading plans in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any such plan must be pre-approved by the Trading Clearance Team and comply with the Company s policies regarding such plans. 
 
 Background 
 
 Policy Owner(s) 
 
 Policy Approver(s) 
 
 Approval Date October 1, 2024 
 
 Definitions 
 
 Company Securities refers to any security of the Company, including common stock, preferred stock, derivative securities such as warrants and options, and debt securities such as debentures, bonds and notes (convertible and non-convertible). 
 Controlled Entities Entities that a Covered Individual influences or controls, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts. 
 3 

Family Members Members of a Covered Individual s family who reside with the Covered Individual (including a spouse, a child, a child away at college, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, grandparents, siblings and in-laws), anyone else who lives in a Covered Individual s household, and any Family Members who do not live in the household but whose transactions in Company Securities are directed by the Covered Individual or are subject to the Covered Individual s influence or control, such as parents or children who consult with the Covered Individual before they trade in Company Securities. 
 MNPI Information is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision about the securities in question. Information is nonpublic until it has become publicly available (e.g., available to a broad group and not just employees), including through a press release or filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Restricted Persons Includes directors, executive officers and employees on the Company s Restricted List, which is maintained by the Trading Clearance Team. Due to their roles and responsibilities at the Company, such individuals regularly receive MNPI. 
 Trading Clearance Team Includes certain individuals in the Law Department who can be reached at . 
 
 4 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21>
 10
 a2024ugicorp10kex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF UGI CORPORATION 
 
 SUBSIDIARY 
 
 OWNERSHIP 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 AMERIGAS, INC. 
 100 PA AMERIGAS PROPANE, INC. 
 100 PA AmeriGas Partners, L.P. 
 (1) DE AmeriGas Finance Corp. 
 100 DE AmeriGas Propane GP, LLC 
 100 DE AmeriGas Propane, L.P. (3), (4), (5) 
 (2) DE 902 Gilbert Street, LLC 
 100 NC AmeriGas Eagle Holdings, Inc. 
 100 DE AmeriGas Propane Parts & Service, Inc. 
 100 PA AmeriGas Propane Holdings, Inc. 
 100 DE FOUR FLAGS DRILLING COMPANY, INC. 
 100 PA ASHTOLA PRODUCTION COMPANY 
 100 PA UGI ETHANOL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 
 100 PA MOUNTAINTOP ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC 100 DE MOUNTAINEER GAS COMPANY 100 WV NEWBURY HOLDING COMPANY 
 100 DE UGI ENTERPRISES, LLC 
 100 PA EASTFIELD INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 100 DE UGI BLACK SEA ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 100 PA UGI CENTRAL GAS CONTROL, LLC 
 100 DE UGI ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 100 PA Energy Services Funding Corporation 
 100 DE Homestead Holding Company 
 100 DE UGI Appalachia, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Gibraltar Gathering, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Moraine East Gathering, LLC 100 DE Pennant Midstream, LLC 
 100 DE Pennant Field Gathering, LLC 
 100 DE Pennant NGL, LLC 
 100 DE Pennant Processing, LLC 
 100 DE Pennant Residue Gathering, LLC 
 100 DE Pennant Trunkline Gathering, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Pine Run, LLC 100 DE Pine Run Gathering, LLC 49 DE Pine Run Midstream, LLC 100 DE UGI Biofuels, LLC 100 DE GHI Energy, LLC 100 TX UGI Ag-Grid, LLC 100 DE UGI Broad Mountain RNG, LLC 100 DE UGI Dakota, LLC 100 DE UGI NEO, LLC 100 DE 
 1 

SUBSIDIARY 
 
 OWNERSHIP 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 UGI Cayuga, LLC 100 DE Cayuga RNG Holdings, LLC 99 DE Allen Farms RNG, LLC 100 DE BERGEN RNG, LLC 100 DE EL-VI RNG, LLC 100 DE New Hope RNG, LLC 100 DE Spruce Haven RNG, LLC 97.8 DE UGI Hamilton, LLC 100 DE Hamilton RNG Holdings, LLC 90 DE Synthica St. Bernard, LLC 100 DE UGI Gathering, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Ponderosa, LLC 100 DE UGI Texas Creek, LLC 100 DE UGI Marcellus, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Peaking, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Bethlehem LNG, LLC 100 DE UGI Carlisle LNG, LLC 
 100 DE UGI Manning LNG, LLC 100 DE UGI Propane Air, LLC 100 DE UGI Steelton LNG, LLC 100 DE UGI Transmission, LLC 
 100 DE UGI LNG, Inc. 100 DE UGI Mt. Bethel Pipeline Company, LLC 100 DE UGI PennEast, LLC 100 DE PennEast Pipeline Company, LLC 20 DE UGI Storage Company 100 PA UGI Sunbury, LLC 100 DE UGID Solar, LLC 100 DE UGI INTERNATIONAL (ROMANIA), INC. 
 100 PA UGI INTERNATIONAL, LLC 
 100 PA UGI Europe, Inc. 
 100 DE UGI International Holdings B.V. 
 100 NETHERLANDS DVEP Investeringen B.V. 
 100 NETHERLANDS De Vrije Energie Producent B.V. 
 100 NETHERLANDS Qwint B.V. 
 100 NETHERLANDS Flaga GmbH 
 100 AUSTRIA Kosan Gas A S 
 100 DENMARK Kosan Gas Finland Oy 
 100 FINLAND Kosan Gas Norge A S 
 100 NORWAY Kosan Gas Sverige AB 
 100 SWEDEN Zentraleuropa LPG Holding GmbH 
 100 AUSTRIA AmeriGas Polska Sp. z.o.o. 
 100 POLAND Flaga GPL Romania S.r.l. 
 100 ROMANIA 
 2 

SUBSIDIARY 
 
 OWNERSHIP 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 Flaga Hungaria Kft. 
 100 HUNGARY Flaga spol s.r.o. 
 100 SLOVAKIA Flaga s.r.o. 
 100 CZECH REPUBLIC UGI France 
 100 FRANCE Antargaz Belgium N.V. 
 100 BELGIUM Antargaz B.V. 
 100 NETHERLANDS Antargaz Luxembourg S.A. 
 100 LUXEMBOURG EnergySud S.A. 
 100 BELGIUM Gasbottling N.V. 
 100 BELGIUM Antargaz 
 100 FRANCE Antargaz Energies 
 100 FRANCE WEKAN 50 FRANCE Cobogal 
 50 FRANCE Geogaz - Lavera 
 21.57 FRANCE Gie Donges 
 50 FRANCE Groupement Technique Citernes 
 25 FRANCE Norgal 
 61.06 FRANCE Butane Du Havre 
 37.3 FRANCE Redeo Antargaz 100.00 FRANCE Rhone Gaz 
 50.62 FRANCE Sobegal 
 72 FRANCE SoGaCYP 
 50 FRANCE SP Queven 
 50 FRANCE Stogaz 
 100 FRANCE Antargaz Solaire 100 FRANCE UGI International Sustainable Solutions B.V. 100 NETHERLANDS Dimeta B.V. 50 NETHERLANDS Circular Fuels Limited 100 UNITED KINGDOM Circular Fuels Arboretum Limited 100 UNITED KINGDOM UGI Midlands Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM AvantiGas Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM Avanti Renewables Limited 
 50 UNITED KINGDOM Lister Gases Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM LPG 4 U Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM LPG Direct Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM Premier LPG Limited 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM AvantiGas On Ltd. 
 100 UNITED KINGDOM UniverGas Italia S.r.l. 
 100 
 ITALY 
 Alanno Gas S.c.a.r.l. 
 54 
 ITALY 
 Foligno Gas S.r.l. 
 51 
 ITALY 
 Montemarcian Gas S.c.a.r.l. 
 51 
 ITALY 
 UGI Malta Ltd. 100 MALTA UGI ROMANIA, INC. 
 100 
 PA 
 
 3 

SUBSIDIARY 
 
 OWNERSHIP 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 UGI PROPERTIES, INC. 
 100 PA UGI UTILITIES, INC. 
 100 PA OPERATION SHARE ENERGY FUND 
 100 PA UGI CENTRAL PENN PROPANE, LLC 
 100 PA UGI ENERGY VENTURES, INC. 
 100 DE UGI PENN HVAC SERVICES, INC. 
 100 PA UNITED VALLEY INSURANCE COMPANY 
 100 VT 
 
 (1) AmeriGas Propane, Inc. holds a non-economic general partner interest and a 33.85 limited partner interest, and AmeriGas Propane Holdings, Inc. holds a 66.15 limited partner interest. 
 
 (2) AmeriGas Propane GP, LLC holds a 1.0101 general partner interest AmeriGas Partners, L.P. holds a 98.8899 limited partner interest and AmeriGas Eagle Holdings, Inc. holds a 0.1 limited partner interest. 
 
 (3) Doing business as Cynch in Arizona, California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Nevada, New Jersey, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Washington. 
 
 (4) Doing business as Propane Transport International in Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming. 
 
 (5) Doing business as PTI in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. 

4 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 11
 a2024ugicorp10kex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-252734) pertaining to the 2021 Incentive Award Plan of UGI Corporation, 
 
 2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-279686) of UGI Corporation, 
 
 3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-186178) pertaining to the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan of UGI Corporation, 
 
 4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-167099) pertaining to the Savings Plan of UGI Utilities, Inc. and AmeriGas Propane, Inc., and 
 
 5) Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-142010 and Form S-8 No. 333-118147) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2004 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan of UGI Corporation 
 
 of our reports dated November 26, 2024 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of UGI Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of UGI Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of UGI Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 November 26, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 a2024ugicorp10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Robert C. Flexon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UGI Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 26, 2024 s Robert C. Flexon Robert C. Flexon President and Chief Executive Officer of UGI Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 a2024ugicorp10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sean P. O'Brien, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of UGI Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 26, 2024 s Sean P. O'Brien Sean P. O'Brien Chief Financial Officer of UGI Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 14
 a2024ugicorp10kex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Relating to a Periodic Report Containing Financial Statements 
 
 I, Robert C. Flexon, Chief Executive Officer, and I, Sean P. O'Brien, Chief Financial Officer, of UGI Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company ), hereby certify that to our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER s Robert C. Flexon s Sean P. O'Brien Robert C. Flexon Sean P. O'Brien Date November 26, 2024 Date November 26, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 ugi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 ugi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 ugi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 ugi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 ugi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

