<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-K_edgar_data_794170_0000794170-24-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17204686</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471476</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2818988</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6952418</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3525092</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3052945</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000794170-24-000051.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220160505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000794170-24-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Toll Brothers, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000794170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				232416878
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09186
		FILM NUMBER:		241567906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1140 VIRGINIA DRIVE
		CITY:			FORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2159388000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1140 VIRGINIA DRIVE
		CITY:			FORT WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOLL BROTHERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000794170-24-000051.txt : 20241220

10-K
 1
 tol-20241031.htm
 10-K

tol-20241031 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of April 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates (all persons other than executive officers and directors of Registrant) of the Registrant was approximately . 
 As of December 18, 2024, there were approximately shares of our Common Stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 20 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 21 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 23 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 43 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 43 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 43 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 44 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 44 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 44 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 45 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 46 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 46 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 46 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 47 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 54 
 SIGNATURES 
 55 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Toll Brothers, Inc., a corporation incorporated in Delaware in May 1986, began doing business through predecessor entities in 1967. When this report uses the words we, us, our, and the Company, it refers to Toll Brothers, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References herein to fiscal year refer to our fiscal years ended or ending October 31. 
 General 
 We design, build, market, sell, and arrange financing for an array of luxury residential single-family detached home, attached home, master-planned, and urban low-, mid-, and high-rise communities. In recent years, we have pursued a strategy of broadening our product lines, price points and geographic footprint, as well as increasing the number of quick move-in (or spec homes that we sell relative to our traditional build-to-order homes. We cater to luxury first-time, move-up, empty-nester (move-down), active-adult and second-home buyers in the United States, as well as urban and suburban renters under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living . We also design, build, market, and sell high-density, high-rise urban luxury condominiums with third-party joint venture partners through Toll Brothers City Living City Living ). At October 31, 2024, we were operating in 24 states and in the District of Columbia. 
 In the five years ended October 31, 2024, we delivered 49,407 homes from 986 communities, including 10,813 homes from 527 communities in fiscal 2024. At October 31, 2024, we had 1,041 communities in various stages of planning, development or operations containing approximately 74,700 home sites that we owned or controlled through options. At fiscal year-end, were were selling from 408 of these communities. 
 Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers. We had a backlog of 6.47 billion (5,996 homes) at October 31, 2024; we expect to deliver approximately 97 of these homes in fiscal 2025. 
 We operate our own architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development, insurance, smart home technology and landscaping subsidiaries. We also develop master-planned and golf course communities as well as operate, in certain regions, our own lumber distribution, house component assembly and manufacturing operations. 
 In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and operate urban and suburban for-rent apartment communities primarily through joint ventures. These projects are located in various metropolitan areas throughout the country and are generally being operated or developed (or we expect will be developed) with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living . At October 31, 2024, we or joint ventures in which we have an interest, controlled 67 land parcels as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately 21,300 planned or completed units. 
 See Investments in Unconsolidated Entities below for more information relating to our joint ventures. 
 Our Communities and Homes 
 Our home building communities are generally located in affluent suburban areas near major transit hubs and highways that provide access to employment and urban centers. They are generally located on land we have either acquired and developed or acquired fully approved and, in some cases, improved. 
 At October 31, 2024, our home building communities were operating in the following major suburban and urban residential markets: 
 Boston, Massachusetts metropolitan area 
 New Haven County, Connecticut 
 Westchester and Dutchess Counties, New York 
 New York metropolitan area 
 Central and northern New Jersey 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan area 
 Virginia and Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C. 
 Delaware 
 Raleigh and Charlotte, North Carolina metropolitan areas 
 1 

Nashville, Tennessee 
 Charleston, Greenville, Hilton Head and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina 
 Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area 
 Southeast and southwest coasts and the Jacksonville, Orlando, and Tampa areas of Florida 
 Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area 
 Dallas, Houston, Austin, and San Antonio, Texas metropolitan areas 
 Denver, Colorado metropolitan area, Fort Collins and Colorado Springs, Colorado 
 Phoenix and Sedona, Arizona 
 Las Vegas and Reno, Nevada metropolitan areas 
 Boise and Coeur d Alene, Idaho metropolitan areas 
 Salt Lake City, Utah metropolitan area and St. George/southern Utah 
 San Diego and Palm Springs, California 
 Los Angeles, California metropolitan area and Orange County 
 San Francisco Bay, Sacramento, and San Jose areas of northern California 
 Seattle, Spokane, and Clark County, Washington metropolitan areas, and 
 Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. 
 We develop individual stand-alone single-product communities as well as multi-product, master-planned communities. Our master-planned communities enable us to offer multiple home types and sizes to a broad range of move-up, first-time, empty-nester, active-adult, and second-home buyers. We seek to realize efficiencies from shared common costs, such as land development and infrastructure, over the several communities within the master-planned community. 
 Each of our detached home communities offers several home plans with the opportunity for many of our home buyers to select various structural options and exterior styles. We design each community to fit existing land characteristics. We strive to achieve diversity among architectural styles within a community by offering a variety of house models and several exterior design options for each model, preserving existing trees, foliage and other natural features whenever feasible, and curving street layouts to allow relatively few homes to be seen from any vantage point. Our communities have attractive entrances with distinctive signage and landscaping. We believe that our added attention to detail gives each community a diversified neighborhood appearance that enhances home values. 
 Our attached home communities generally offer one- to four-story homes, provide for select exterior options, and often include commonly owned recreational facilities, such as clubhouses, playing fields, swimming pools, and tennis courts. 
 While historically most of our homes have been sold on a build-to-order basis where we do not begin construction of the home until we have a signed contract with a customer, over the past two years, we have increased the number of spec homes in most of our communities, which are homes started without a signed agreement with a customer. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, approximately 49 and 27 of deliveries were spec homes. These homes allow us to compete more effectively with existing homes available in the market, especially for homebuyers that require a home within a short time frame. We sell our spec homes at various stages of construction, which allows many buyers of such homes to select their finishing options at our design studios. We determine our spec home strategy for each community based on local market factors and maintain a level of spec home inventory based on our current and planned sales pace and construction cadence for the community. 
 We are continuously developing new designs to replace or augment existing ones to ensure that our homes reflect current consumer tastes. Increasingly, we are modifying designs and the number of options we provide to offer our customers a curated experience while gaining efficiencies in the home building process, particularly in respect to our affordable luxury product and our spec homes. We use our own architectural staff and also engage third-party architectural firms to develop new designs. 
 A wide selection of structural and finishing options are available to our home buyers for additional charges. The number and complexity of options available typically increase with the size and base sales price of our homes. A greater variety of options are generally available for detached build-to-order homes as compared to attached homes and spec homes. Major structural options include home offices, fitness rooms, multi-generational living suites, finished basements, and spacious indoor/outdoor 
 2 

living areas. We also offer numerous interior fit-out options such as flooring, wall tile, plumbing, cabinets, fixtures, appliances, lighting, and home-automation and security technologies. 
 We market our high-quality homes to both upscale luxury and affordable luxury home buyers. Our luxury homes are marketed primarily to buyers who generally have previously owned a home and who are seeking to buy a larger or more desirable home the so-called move-up market. Our affordable luxury homes are marketed primarily to more affluent first-time buyers. We believe our reputation as a builder of luxury homes in these markets enhances our competitive position with respect to the sale of our smaller, more moderately priced homes. 
 We continue to pursue growth initiatives by expanding our product lines and price points to appeal to buyers across the demographic spectrum. We have also significantly expanded our geographic footprint over the past decade. In addition to our traditional move-up home buyer, we are focusing on the empty-nester market, the millennial generation, and the affordable luxury buyer. 
 We market to the empty-nester (or move-down market, which we believe has strong growth potential. We have developed a number of home designs with features such as single-story living and first-floor primary bedroom suites, as well as communities with recreational amenities, such as golf courses, marinas, pool complexes, country clubs, fitness and recreation centers that we believe appeal to this category of home buyer. We have integrated certain of these designs and features in some of our other home types and communities. As of October 31, 2024, we were selling from 76 age-restricted active-adult communities, in which at least one home occupant must be at least 55 years of age. 
 With the millennial generation in its prime family formation years, we also continue to focus on this group with our core suburban homes, affordable luxury offerings, urban condominiums and luxury rental apartment products. 
 Through our City Living brand, with third-party joint venture partners, we currently are developing two high-density, high-rise urban luxury communities to serve affluent move-up families, empty-nesters, and young professionals who are seeking to live in or close to major cities. 
 Our City Living communities are generally high-rise condominiums that take an extended period of time to construct. We generally start selling homes in these communities after construction has commenced. By the time construction has been completed, we typically have a significant number of homes under contract with buyers in backlog. Once construction has been completed, the homes in backlog in these communities are generally delivered quickly. Because of the larger upfront costs and longer development time periods associated with high-rise projects, we generally expect to continue developing future high density, high-rise urban luxury condominium communities through joint ventures with third parties. 
 We believe that the demographics supporting the luxury first-time, move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, affordable luxury and second-home upscale markets will provide us with an opportunity for growth in the future. We continue to believe that many of our communities are in desirable locations that are difficult to replace and that many of these communities have substantial embedded value that may be realized in the future. 
 At October 31, 2024, we were selling homes from 408 communities, compared to 370 communities at October 31, 2023, and 348 communities at October 31, 2022. 
 The following table summarizes certain information with respect to our operating communities at October 31, 2024: 
 Total number of operating communities Number of selling communities Homes approved Homes closed Homes under contract but not closed (Backlog) Home sites available North 59 43 6,029 3,200 855 1,974 Mid-Atlantic 64 52 6,247 1,918 786 3,543 South 165 145 18,454 6,662 2,003 9,789 Mountain 126 117 17,266 8,126 1,595 7,545 Pacific 57 51 5,519 2,021 757 2,741 Total 471 408 53,515 21,927 5,996 25,592 
 At October 31, 2024, significant site improvements had not yet commenced on approximately 12,000 of the 25,592 available home sites. Of the 25,592 available home sites, approximately 8,900 were not yet owned by us but were controlled through options. 
 3 

Of our 471 operating communities at October 31, 2024, a total of 408 communities were offering homes for sale; with the remaining consisting primarily of sold out communities where not all homes had been completed and delivered. Of the 408 communities in which homes were being offered for sale at October 31, 2024, a total of 329 were detached home communities and 79 were attached home communities. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had 3,526 spec homes in our communities, of which 2,664 were under construction and 862 were completed. 
 As a result of the breath of our products and geographic footprint, we have a wide range of base sales prices for our homes. The percentage of the 10,813 homes delivered in fiscal 2024 within the various ranges of base sales price was as follows: 
 Range of Base Sales Price Percentage of Homes Delivered in Fiscal 2024 
 Less than 500,000 11 500,000 to 750,000 31 750,000 to 1,000,000 25 1,000,000 to 2,000,000 27 More than 2,000,000 6 
 
 Of the homes delivered in fiscal 2024, approximately 27 of our home buyers paid the full purchase price in cash; the remaining home buyers borrowed approximately 68 of the sales price of the home. 
 The table below provides the average value of all structural and finishing options purchased by our home buyers, including lot premiums and excluding incentives, as well as the value of these options and premiums as a percent of the base sales price of the homes purchased, excluding incentives, in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022: 2024 2023 2022 Option value (in thousands) Percent of base sales price Option value (in thousands) Percent of base sales price Option value (in thousands) Percent of base sales price Overall 206 24.9 224 26.5 190 25.3 Detached 232 27.3 251 29.2 215 28.9 Attached 125 16.4 136 17.0 117 15.4 
 In general, the ability to purchase a premium lot or customize a home with structural options and interior finishes varies widely across our product lines and what stage of construction the home is in when a purchase contract is signed, which may result in significant variation in the option value as a percentage of base sales price. For example, our attached homes and our spec homes do not offer the opportunity for buyers to add significant structural options to their homes and thus they have a smaller option value as a percentage of base sales price. 
 For more information regarding revenues, net contracts signed, income (loss) before income taxes, and assets by segment, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Segments in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Acquisitions 
 From time to time, we acquire home builders in order to expand our footprint and/or product offerings in an existing market or to enter a new market. These acquisitions are generally completed using available cash on hand and primarily consist of smaller privately-held builders. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we did not make any acquisitions. 
 In fiscal 2022, we acquired substantially all of the assets and operations of a privately-held home builder with operations in San Antonio, Texas for approximately 48.1 million in cash. The assets acquired, which consisted of 16 communities, were primarily inventory, including approximately 450 home sites owned or controlled through land purchase agreements. 
 Land Policy 
 Before entering into an agreement to purchase a land parcel, we complete extensive comparative studies and analyses that assist us in evaluating the acquisition. These analyses may include soil tests, environmental studies, an evaluation of necessary zoning and other governmental entitlements and extensive market research to evaluate which of our product offerings are appropriate for the market. In addition to purchasing land parcels outright, we strive to enter into option agreements and other arrangements 
 4 

to defer the acquisition of land until we are closer in time to delivering the completed home to our customer. We have also entered into several joint ventures with other builders, financial partners, or developers to develop land for the use of the joint venture partners or for sale to third parties. These structures are generally more capital efficient and less risky than outright land purchases that occur earlier in the entitlement and development process. However, they are generally more expensive. 
 Our business is subject to many risks, including risks associated with obtaining the necessary approvals on a property and completing the land improvements on it. In order to reduce the financial risk associated with land acquisitions and holdings and to more efficiently manage our capital, where practicable, we enter into option agreements (also referred to herein as land purchase contracts, purchase agreements, or options to purchase land, on a non-recourse basis, thereby limiting our financial exposure to amounts expended in obtaining any necessary governmental approvals, the costs incurred in the planning and design of the community, and, in some cases, some or all of the cost of the option (also referred to as deposits ). Option agreements enable us to obtain necessary governmental approvals before we acquire title to the land, and allow us to acquire lots over a specified period of time at contracted prices. The use of these agreements may increase our overall cost basis in the land that we eventually acquire, but reduces our risk by allowing us to obtain the necessary development approvals before we expend significant funds to acquire the land. In prior periods, during the time it took to obtain approvals, the value of the purchase agreements and land generally increased; however, in any given time period, this may not happen. We have the ability to extend some of these purchase agreements for varying periods of time, which in some cases would require an additional payment. Our purchase agreements are typically subject to numerous conditions, including, but not limited to, obtaining necessary governmental approvals for the proposed community. In certain instances, our deposit under an agreement may be returned to us if all approvals are not obtained, although predevelopment costs usually will not be recoverable. We generally have the right to cancel any of our agreements to purchase land by forfeiture of some or all of the deposits we have made pursuant to the agreement. 
 During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we acquired control of approximately 14,900 and 4,200 home sites, respectively, net of options terminated and lots sold. During fiscal year 2024 and 2023, we forfeited control of over 4,000 lots in each year that were subject to land purchase agreements primarily because the planned community no longer met our development criteria. At October 31, 2024, we owned or controlled approximately 74,700 home sites, as compared to approximately 70,700 home sites at October 31, 2023. At October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, the percentage of these home sites optioned was approximately 55 and 49 , respectively. 
 We, either alone or in joint venture, are developing several parcels of land for master-planned communities in which we intend to build homes on a portion of the lots, with the remaining lots being sold to other builders. At October 31, 2024, one of these master-planned communities was wholly owned, while the remaining communities were being developed through joint ventures with other builders or financial partners. At October 31, 2024, our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately 22,700 home sites. At October 31, 2024, we had agreed to acquire 316 home sites. We expect to purchase approximately 9,000 additional home sites from several of our Land Development Joint Ventures over a number of years. 
 Our ability and willingness to continue development activities over the long term will depend on, among other things, a suitable economic environment and our continued ability to locate and enter into options or agreements to purchase land, obtain governmental approvals for suitable parcels of land, and consummate the acquisition and complete the development of such land on acceptable terms. 
 The following is a summary of home sites for future communities (as distinguished from operating communities) that we either owned or controlled through options or purchase agreements at October 31, 2024: Number of communities Number of home sites North 95 6,595 Mid-Atlantic 133 8,621 South 142 11,799 Mountain 117 9,727 Pacific 83 6,389 Total 570 43,131 
 Of the 43,131 planned home sites at October 31, 2024, we owned 11,268 and controlled 31,863 through options and purchase agreements. 
 At October 31, 2024, the aggregate purchase price of land parcels subject to option and purchase agreements in both operating and future communities was approximately 6.10 billion (including 26.8 million of land to be acquired from joint ventures in which we have invested). Of the 6.10 billion of land purchase contracts, we paid or deposited 549.2 million. If we acquire all 
 5 

of these land parcels, we will be required to pay an additional 5.55 billion. The purchases of these land parcels are expected to occur over the next several years. We have additional land parcels under option that have been excluded from this aggregate purchase price because we do not believe that we will complete the purchase of these land parcels and no additional funds will be required from us to terminate these contracts. These option contracts have either been written off or written down to the estimated amount that we expect to recover when the contracts are terminated. 
 We have a substantial amount of land currently under control for which approvals have been obtained or are being sought. We devote significant resources to locating suitable land for future development and obtaining the required approvals on land under our control. There can be no assurance that the necessary development approvals will be secured for the land currently under our control or for land that we may acquire control of in the future. In addition, upon obtaining such development approvals, we may elect not to complete the purchases of land under option or complete the development of land that we own. We generally have been successful in obtaining governmental approvals in the past. We believe that we have an adequate supply of land in our existing communities and proposed communities (assuming that all properties are developed) to maintain our operations at current levels for several years. 
 Community Development 
 We expend considerable effort in developing a plan for each community, which includes determining the size, style, and price range of the homes; the layout of the streets and individual home sites; and the overall community design. After the necessary governmental subdivision and other approvals have been obtained, which may take several years, we improve the land by clearing and grading it; installing roads, underground utilities, recreational amenities, and distinctive entrance features; and staking out individual home sites. 
 We act as a general contractor for substantially all of our communities. Subcontractors perform all home construction and land development work, generally under fixed-price contracts. We generally have multiple sources for the materials we purchase and believe our suppliers have sufficient capacity to support our business operations. However, factors beyond our control can and have resulted in disruptions to our supply chain, the availability of labor, and the ability of municipalities to process approvals, which can result in increased costs and elongated production cycles. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry in Item 1A and Manufacturing/Distribution Facilities in Item 2 of this Form 10-K. 
 Our construction managers coordinate subcontracting activities and supervise all aspects of construction work and quality control. One of the ways in which we seek to achieve home buyer satisfaction is by providing our construction managers with incentive compensation arrangements based upon each home buyer s satisfaction, as expressed by the buyers responses on pre- and post-closing questionnaires. 
 The most significant variable affecting the timing of our sales, other than housing demand, is the opening of the community for sale, which occurs after receipt of final land regulatory approvals. Receipt of approvals allows us to begin the process of obtaining executed sales contracts from home buyers. Although our sales and construction activities vary somewhat by season, which can affect the timing of closings, any such seasonal effect is relatively insignificant compared to the effect of the timing of receipt of final regulatory approvals, the opening of the community, and the subsequent timing of closings. 
 Marketing and Sales 
 We believe that our marketing strategy for our homes has enhanced our reputation as a builder and developer of high quality luxury homes. We believe this reputation results in greater demand for all of our product types. We generally include attractive design features even in our less expensive homes based on our belief that these enhancements improve our marketing and sales effort. 
 In determining the prices for our homes, in addition to management s extensive experience, we utilize an internally developed value analysis program that compares our homes with homes offered by other builders and competitive resale homes in each local market area. In our application of this program, we assign a positive or negative dollar value to differences between our product features and those of our competitors, such as home and community amenities, location, and reputation. 
 We typically have a sales center in each community that is staffed by our own sales personnel. Sales personnel are generally compensated with both salary and commission. A significant portion of our sales is also derived from the introduction of customers to our communities by local real estate agents, to whom we pay a real estate agent commission. 
 We expend great effort and cost in designing and merchandising our model homes, which play an important role in our marketing. Interior merchandising varies among the models and is carefully selected to reflect the lifestyles of prospective buyers. 
 Visitors to our website, www.TollBrothers.com, can obtain detailed information regarding our communities and homes across the country, take panoramic or video tours of our homes, and design their own homes based upon our available floor plans and 
 6 

options . We have increasingly focused our marketing efforts to the digital environment for media buying and have adopted a number of virtual tools and techniques to allow our sales personnel to engage in remote interactions with potential customers. 
 We have a two-step sales process. The first step takes place when a potential home buyer visits one of our communities (either in person or virtually) and decides to purchase one of our homes, at which point the home buyer signs a non-binding deposit agreement and provides a small, refundable deposit. This deposit will reserve, for a short period of time, the home site or unit that the home buyer has selected. This deposit also locks in the base price of the home. Because these deposit agreements are non-binding, they are not recorded as signed contracts, nor are they recorded in backlog. Deposit rates are tracked on a weekly basis to help us monitor the strength or weakness in demand in each of our communities. If demand for homes in a particular community is strong, we determine whether the base sales prices in that community should be increased. If demand for the homes in a particular community is weak, we determine whether or not sales incentives and/or discounts on home prices should be adjusted. 
 The second step in the sales process occurs when we sign a binding agreement of sale contract with the home buyer and the home buyer provides a larger cash down payment that is generally non-refundable. Cash down payments averaged approximately 8 of the total purchase price of a home in fiscal year 2024. Between the time that the home buyer signs the non-binding deposit agreement and the binding agreement of sale, which typically takes about three weeks, the home buyer is required to complete a financial questionnaire that allows us to determine whether the home buyer has the financial resources necessary to purchase the home. If we determine that the home buyer is not financially qualified, we will not enter into an agreement of sale. During fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, our customers signed net contracts for 10.07 billion (10,231 homes), 7.91 billion (8,077 homes), and 9.07 billion (8,255 homes), respectively. When we report net contracts signed, the number and value of contracts signed are reported net of all cancellations occurring during the reporting period, whether the cancelled contracts were originally signed in that reporting period or in a prior period. Additionally, all options selected during the reporting period are reported as sales in that reporting period regardless of when the original contract was signed. Only outstanding agreements of sale that have been signed by both the home buyer and us as of the end of the period for which we are reporting are reported as contracts and included in backlog. 
 Customer Mortgage Financing 
 We maintain relationships with a diversified group of mortgage financial institutions, many of which are among the largest in the industry. We believe that national, regional and community banks continue to recognize the long-term value in creating relationships with our affluent home buyers, and these banks continue to provide these customers with financing. We believe that our home buyers generally are, and should continue to be, better able to secure mortgages due to their typically lower loan-to-value ratios and attractive credit profiles, as compared to the average home buyer. 
 Our mortgage subsidiary, Toll Brothers Mortgage Company TBMC ), provides mortgage financing for a portion of our home closings. Our mortgage subsidiary determines whether the home buyer qualifies for the mortgage that the home buyer is seeking based upon information provided by the home buyer and other sources. For those home buyers who qualify, our mortgage subsidiary provides the home buyer with a mortgage commitment that specifies the terms and conditions of a proposed mortgage loan based upon then-current market conditions. 
 Information about the number and amount of loans funded by our mortgage subsidiary is contained in the table below. Fiscal year Total Toll Brothers, Inc. settlements (a) TBMC financed settlements (b) Gross capture rate (b/a) Amount financed (in millions) 2024 10,813 4,114 38.0 2,131.2 2023 9,597 3,123 32.5 1,598.6 2022 10,515 3,706 35.2 2,030.6 
 Amounts exclude referred loans, which amounted to 8.5 , 9.5 , and 6.5 of our home closings in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Prior to the actual closing of the home and funding of the mortgage, the home buyer may lock in an interest rate based upon the terms of the commitment. At the time of rate lock, our mortgage subsidiary agrees to sell the proposed mortgage loan to one of several third-party established mortgage financing institutions investors that are willing to honor the terms and conditions, including the interest rate, committed to the home buyer. We believe that these investors have adequate financial resources to honor their commitments to our mortgage subsidiary. Mortgage loans are sold to investors with limited recourse provisions derived from industry-standard representations and warranties in the relevant agreements. These representations and warranties primarily involve the absence of misrepresentations by the borrower or other parties, the appropriate underwriting of the loan, 
 7 

and in some cases, a required minimum number of payments to be made by the borrower. The Company generally does not retain any other continuing interest related to mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. 
 At October 31, 2024, our mortgage subsidiary was committed to fund 1.84 billion of mortgage loans. Of these commitments, 168.8 million, as well as 182.8 million of mortgage loans receivable, had locked-in interest rates as of October 31, 2024. Our mortgage subsidiary funds its commitments through a combination of its own capital, capital provided from us, its loan facility, and the sale of mortgage loans to various investors. Our mortgage subsidiary has commitments from investors to acquire all 351.7 million of these locked-in loans and receivables. Our home buyers had not locked in the interest rate on the remaining 1.67 billion of mortgage loan commitments as of October 31, 2024. 
 Backlog 
 We had a backlog of 6.47 billion (5,996 homes) at October 31, 2024; 6.95 billion (6,578 homes) at October 31, 2023; and 8.87 billion (8,098 homes) at October 31, 2022. Of the 5,996 homes in backlog at October 31, 2024, approximately 97 are expected to be delivered by October 31, 2025. This delivery estimate is based on current expectations regarding our backlog conversion rate. Our backlog conversion rate can vary based on a number of factors, including the availability of subcontractors and qualified trades people; the availability of adequate utility infrastructure and services; the ability of municipalities to process permits, conduct inspections and take similar actions in a timely manner; and shortages, or delays in availability. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Component shortages and increased costs of labor and supplies are beyond our control and can result in delays and increased costs to develop our communities in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Competition 
 The home building business is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with numerous home builders of varying sizes, ranging from local to national in scope, some of which have greater sales and financial resources than we do. Sales of existing homes also provide competition. We compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service, and reputation. We believe our financial stability, relative to many other home builders in our industry, is a favorable competitive factor. 
 Seasonality 
 Our quarterly operating results typically fluctuate with the seasons. A significant portion of our agreements of sale are generally entered into with customers in the winter and spring months. Weather-related events can delay housing starts and closings and increase costs. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to the seasonal nature of our business and Risk Factors Risks Related to Other Events and Factors Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and other conditions could disrupt the development of our communities, which could harm our sales and results of operation in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 We have investments in joint ventures (i) to develop lots for the joint venture participants and for sale to outside builders Land Development Joint Ventures (ii) to develop for-sale homes Home Building Joint Ventures (iii) to develop luxury for-rent residential apartments and single family homes, and commercial space Rental Property Joint Ventures and (iv) to provide financing and land banking for residential builders and developers for the acquisition and development of land and home sites Other Joint Ventures ). At October 31, 2024, we had investments of 1.01 billion in these unconsolidated entities and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional 312.8 million to these entities if they require additional funding. 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, we recognized (loss) income from the unconsolidated entities in which we had an investment of (23.8) million, 50.1 million, and 23.7 million, respectively. In addition, we earned construction and management fee income from these unconsolidated entities of 40.0 million in fiscal 2024, 39.2 million in fiscal 2023, and 33.9 million in fiscal 2022. 
 Land Development Joint Ventures 
 At October 31, 2024, we had investments in 16 Land Development Joint Ventures to develop land. Some of these Land Development Joint Ventures develop land for the sole use of the venture participants, including us, and others develop land for sale to the joint venture participants and to unrelated builders. At October 31, 2024, we had 388.6 million invested in our Land Development Joint Ventures and funding commitments of 243.0 million to six of the Land Development Joint Ventures which will be funded if additional investments in the ventures are required. At October 31, 2024, eleven of these joint ventures had aggregate loan commitments of 639.6 million and outstanding borrowings against these commitments of 381.6 million. At October 31, 2024, our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately 22,700 home sites. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had agreed to acquire 316 home sites from four of our Land Development Joint Ventures for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 26.8 million. In addition, we expect to purchase approximately 9,000 additional 
 8 

home sites over a number of years from several of these joint ventures. The purchase prices of these home sites will be determined at a future date. We count lots in these joint ventures as optioned lots if we have a contractual right to acquire them. 
 Home Building Joint Ventures 
 At October 31, 2024, we had an aggregate 58.4 million of investments in our Home Building Joint Ventures to develop luxury for-sale homes. In fiscal 2024, the value of net contracts signed by our Home Building Joint Ventures was 125.0 million (101 homes), and they delivered 267.6 million (238 homes) of revenue. 
 Rental Property Joint Ventures 
 As part of our strategy to expand product lines, over the past several years, we acquired control of a number of land parcels intended to be developed as for-rent apartment or single family rental home projects, including several student housing sites. At October 31, 2024, we had an aggregate of 549.2 million of investments in 40 Rental Property Joint Ventures. At October 31, 2024, we or joint ventures in which we have an interest controlled 67 land parcels that are planned or operating as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately 21,300 units. At October 31, 2024, joint ventures in which we had an interest had aggregate loan commitments of 3.54 billion and outstanding borrowings against these commitments of 2.75 billion. These projects are located in multiple metropolitan areas throughout the country and are being operated or developed (or we expect will be developed) with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had approximately 4,500 units in for-rent apartment projects that were occupied or ready for occupancy, 5,700 units in the lease-up stage, 6,500 units in the design phase or under development, and 4,700 units in the planning stage. Of the 21,300 units at October 31, 2024, 13,300 were owned by joint ventures in which we have an interest, approximately 2,400 were owned by us, and land underlying 5,600 were under contract to be purchased by us. 
 Regulatory and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning zoning, building design, construction, and similar matters, including local regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements. In a number of our markets, there has been an increase in state and local legislation authorizing the acquisition of land as dedicated open space, mainly by governmental, quasi-public, and nonprofit entities. In addition, we are subject to various licensing, registration, and filing requirements in connection with the construction, advertisement, and sale of homes in our communities. The impact of these laws and requirements has been to increase our overall costs, and they may have delayed, and in the future may delay, the opening of communities, or may have caused, and in the future may cause, us to conclude that development of particular communities would not be economically feasible, even if any or all necessary governmental approvals were obtained. See Land Policy in this Item 1. We also may be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing communities due to building moratoriums in one or more of the areas in which we operate. Generally, such moratoriums relate to insufficient water or sewage facilities or inadequate road capacity. 
 In order to secure certain approvals in some areas, we may be required to provide affordable housing at below market rental or sales prices. The impact of these requirements on us depends on how the various state and local governments in the areas in which we engage, or intend to engage, in development implement their programs for affordable housing. To date, these restrictions have not had a material impact on us. 
 We also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning protection of public health and the environment environmental laws ). The particular environmental laws that apply to any given community vary according to the location and environmental condition of the site and the present and former uses of the site. An increased regulatory focus on reducing greenhouse gas emissions has led to legislative mandates in certain jurisdictions that require new homes to be more energy efficient than existing homes, or that mandate energy efficient features, such as solar panels, be included in new construction. Complying with these environmental laws may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and/or may prohibit or severely restrict development in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas. 
 Before consummating an acquisition of land, we generally engage independent environmental consultants to evaluate land for the potential of hazardous or toxic materials, wastes, or substances, and we believe that because of this, we have not been significantly affected to date by the presence of such materials on our land. 
 Our mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules, and regulations, including those that relate to licensing, lending operations, and other areas of mortgage origination and financing. The impact of those statutes, rules, and regulations can be to increase our home buyers cost of financing, increase our cost of doing business, and restrict our home buyers access to some types of loans. 
 9 

Insurance/Warranty 
 All of our homes are sold under our limited warranty as to workmanship and mechanical equipment. Many homes also come with a limited multi-year warranty as to structural integrity. 
 We maintain insurance, subject to deductibles and self-insured amounts, to protect us against various risks associated with our activities, including, among others, general liability, all-risk property, construction defects, workers compensation, automobile, and employee fidelity. We accrue for our expected costs associated with the deductibles and self-insured amounts. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At October 31, 2024, we employed approximately 4,900 persons full-time, as compared to approximately 4,800 employees at October 31, 2023. At October 31, 2024, approximately 1 of our employees were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We focus significant attention on attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations, and our management team routinely reviews employee turnover rates at various levels of the organization. Management also reviews employee engagement and satisfaction surveys to monitor employee morale and receive feedback on a variety of issues. We pay our employees competitively and offer a broad range of company-paid benefits, which we believe are competitive with others in our industry. 
 We are committed to hiring, developing and supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our management teams and all of our employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required annual training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of unlawful discrimination. 
 In recent years, we have implemented protocols and procedures to protect our employees, subcontractors and customers. For example, we have expanded technologies that allow for virtual interactions in many aspects of our business, including customer facing activities. Many administrative and operational routines have been modified including with respect to providing our employees with greater flexibility to work remotely. Many of these modifications have been well received by our employees with minimal disruption to our operations and have continued through fiscal 2024. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available over the internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Our principal Internet address is www.tollbrothers.com. We make our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 available through our website under Investor Relations (our Investor Relations website ), free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 We provide information about our business and financial performance, including our Company Overview, on our Investor Relations website. Additionally, we webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in with members of the investment community on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Further corporate governance information, including our code of ethics and business conduct, corporate governance guidelines, and board committee charters, is also available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. The content of our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 10 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain information included in this report or in other materials we have filed or will file with the SEC (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us) contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. One can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of strictly historical or factual nature and generally discuss or relate to future events. These statements contain words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, may, can, could, might, should, likely, will, and other words or phrases of similar meaning. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, information related to: market conditions; mortgage rates; inflation rates; demand for our homes; our build-to-order and spec strategy; sales paces and prices; effects of home buyer cancellations; our strategic priorities; growth and expansion; our land acquisition, land development and capital allocation priorities; anticipated operating results; home deliveries; financial resources and condition; changes in revenues, profitability, margins and returns; changes in accounting treatment; cost of revenues, including expected labor and material costs; availability of labor and materials; impacts of tariffs; selling, general and administrative expenses; interest expense; inventory write-downs; home warranty and construction defect claims; unrecognized tax benefits; anticipated tax refunds; joint ventures in which we are involved; anticipated results from our investments in unconsolidated entities; our ability to acquire land and pursue real estate opportunities; our ability to gain approvals and open new communities; our ability to market, construct and sell homes and properties; our ability to deliver homes from backlog; our ability to secure materials and subcontractors; our ability to produce the liquidity and capital necessary to conduct normal business operations or to expand and take advantage of opportunities; the outcome of legal proceedings, investigations, and claims; and the impact of public health or other emergencies. 
 Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. This can occur as a result of assumptions or estimates that differ from actual results or as a consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many of the factors mentioned in Item 1A - Risk Factors below or in other reports or public statements made by us will be important in determining our future performance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those that might be anticipated from our forward-looking statements. 
 From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in other reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K; in press releases; in presentations; on our website; and in other materials released to the public. These statements may include guidance regarding our future performance, such as our anticipated annual revenue, home deliveries, and margins, that represents management s estimates as of the date of publication. Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, is inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Forward-looking statements, including guidance, speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 For a more detailed discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results, see Item 1A Risk Factors below. This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and all of our forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referenced in this section. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Information about our executive officers is incorporated by reference from Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We are subject to demand fluctuations in the housing industry. Any reduction in demand would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Demand for our homes and rental apartments is subject to fluctuations and difficult to predict, often due to factors outside of our control, such as employment levels, consumer confidence and spending, housing demand, availability of financing for homebuyers, interest rates, availability, quality and prices of new homes compared to existing inventory, and demographic trends. In a housing market downturn, our sales and results of operations will be adversely affected; we may have significant inventory impairments and other write-offs; our gross margins may decline significantly from historical levels; and we may incur substantial losses from operations. At any particular time, we cannot accurately predict whether housing market conditions will improve, deteriorate or continue as they exist at that time. 
 11 

Adverse changes in economic conditions in markets where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live could reduce the demand for homes and, as a result, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Adverse changes in economic conditions in markets where we conduct our operations and where prospective purchasers of our homes live have had and may in the future have a negative impact on our business. Adverse changes in mortgage rates, employment levels, job growth, consumer confidence, perceptions regarding the strength of the housing market, and population growth, or an oversupply of homes for sale may reduce demand or depress prices for our homes and cause home buyers to cancel their agreements to purchase our homes. In addition, because we have increased our supply of spec homes relative to our build-to-order homes, adverse changes in economic conditions could cause us to reduce prices more rapidly to avoid carrying large amounts of finished inventory. This, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor, and interest rates. All of these factors can have a negative impact on housing affordability and demand for our homes. In a highly inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the sales prices of our homes at or above the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. In addition, our cost of capital, labor and materials can increase, which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. Inflation may also accompany or give rise to higher interest rates, which could adversely impact our customers ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all, thereby decreasing demand for our homes. In recent years, high inflation and rising interest rates were primary drivers of decreases in home demand, including our homes. If these trends persist, they could adversely impact our business and financial results in the future. 
 Conversely, deflation could cause an overall decrease in spending and borrowing capacity, which could lead to deterioration in economic conditions and employment levels. Deflation could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes. These, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative impact on our business or financial results. 
 The risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 There are substantial risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land. If housing demand declines, we may not be able to build, sell or rent homes profitably in some of our communities, we may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the land and lots we own, and we may forfeit deposits on land that we put under control through option arrangements. We acquire land or make payments to control land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within existing markets. If housing demand in a given market declines below the levels that we expected when we acquired or gained control of land, we may have to sell or rent homes or land for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on our land and lots. Due to the decline in our business during the 2006 2011 downturn in the housing industry, we recognized significant inventory impairments. We cannot assure you that significant inventory impairments will not occur again in the future. 
 If land is not available at reasonable prices, our sales and results of operations could decrease. 
 The home building industry is highly competitive for suitable land and the risk inherent in purchasing and developing land increases as consumer demand for housing increases. In the long term, our operations depend on our ability to obtain land at reasonable prices for the development of our residential communities. At October 31, 2024, we had approximately 74,700 home sites that we owned or controlled through options. In the future, changes in the availability of land, competition for available land, availability of financing to acquire land, zoning regulations that limit housing density, and other market conditions may hurt our ability to obtain land for new residential communities at acceptable prices. If the supply of land appropriate for the development of our residential communities becomes more limited because of these factors or for any other reason, the cost of land could increase and/or the number of homes that we are able to sell and build could be reduced. 
 Our ability to execute on our business strategies is uncertain, and we may be unable to achieve our goals. 
 We cannot guarantee that (i) our strategies, which include expanding our presence in existing markets and potential expansion into new markets, offering a wide variety of products and price points, becoming a more capital and operationally efficient home builder, and maintaining an appropriate balance of spec homes for sale relative to our build-to-order homes, and any related initiatives or actions (including home builder acquisitions), will be successful or that they will generate growth, earnings or returns at any particular level or within any particular time frame; (ii) in the future we will achieve positive operational or financial results or results in any particular metric or measure equal to or better than those attained in the past; or (iii) we will perform in any period as well as other home builders. We also cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to maintain our strategies, and any related initiatives or actions, in the future and, due to unexpectedly favorable or unfavorable market conditions or other factors, we may determine that we need to adjust, refine or abandon all or portions of our strategies, and any 
 12 

related initiatives or actions, though we cannot guarantee that any such adjustments will be successful. The failure of any one or more of our present strategies, or any related initiatives or actions, or the failure of any adjustments that we may pursue or implement, would likely have an adverse effect on our ability to increase the value and profitability of our business; on our ability to operate our business in the ordinary course; on our overall liquidity; and on our consolidated financial statements, and the effect, in each case, could be material. 
 Negative publicity could adversely impact sales, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline. 
 Our business is dependent upon the appeal of the Toll Brothers brand, and its association with quality and luxury is integral to our success. Our strategy has involved growing our business by expanding our luxury brand to new price points, product lines and geographies, including expansion of our affordable luxury products. If we are unable to maintain the position of the Toll Brothers brand, our business may be adversely affected by diminishing the distinctive appeal of the brand and tarnishing its image. This could result in lower sales and earnings. 
 In addition, unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy. Furthermore, the speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has increased dramatically through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites and other digital platforms. Our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from media outlets or social media could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business. 
 We can also be affected by poor relations with the residents of communities we develop because efforts made by us to resolve issues or disputes that may arise in connection with the operation or development of their communities, or in connection with the transition of a homeowners association, could be deemed unsatisfactory by the affected residents and subsequent actions by these residents could adversely affect sales or our reputation. In addition, we could decide or be required to make material expenditures related to the settlement of such issues or disputes, which could adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 A significant portion of our revenues and income from operations is generated from California. 
 A significant portion of our revenues and income from operations are concentrated in California. In addition, our gross margin in California tends to be higher than Company average. Factors beyond our control could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margin and/or income from operations generated in California. These factors include, but are not limited to: changes in the regulatory and fiscal environment; prolonged economic downturns; high levels of foreclosures; lack of affordability; a lack of foreign buyer demand; severe weather including drought; natural disasters such as earthquakes and wild fires; the risk of local governments imposing building moratoriums and of state or local governments imposing regulations that increase building costs; environmental incidents; and declining population and/or growth rates and the related reduction in housing demand in this region. If home sale activity or sales prices decline in California, our costs may not decline at all or at the same rate and our inventory and lots owned or controlled in the state may be at risk of impairment. As a result, our consolidated financial results may be adversely affected. 
 The construction cycle for mid-rise, high-rise and multifamily building is generally longer than that of single family detached homes, which puts us at greater risk of construction delays and changing market conditions that could adversely affect our operating results in this part of our business. 
 Before a mid-rise, high-rise or multifamily building generates any revenues, we make significant expenditures to acquire land; to obtain permits, development approvals, and entitlements; and to construct the building. It generally takes several years for us to acquire the land and construct, market, and deliver units or lease units in a high-rise building. Completion times vary on a building-by-building basis depending on the complexity of the project, its stage of development when acquired, our relationship with any joint venture partners that may be involved in a project, and the regulatory and community issues involved. As a result of these potential delays in the completion of a building, we face the risk that demand for housing may decline during this period and we may be forced to sell or lease units at a loss or for prices that generate lower profit margins than we initially anticipated. Furthermore, if construction is delayed, we may face increased costs as a result of inflation or other causes and/or asset carrying costs (including interest on funds used to acquire the land and construct the building). These costs can be significant and can adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if values of the building or units decline, we may also be required to recognize significant impairments in the future. 
 Our condominium and rental multi-unit buildings are subject to fluctuations in delivery volume due to their extended construction time, levels of pre-sales and lease-up, and quick delivery of units once buildings are complete. 
 Our quarterly operating results will fluctuate depending on the timing of completion of construction of our multi-unit condominium buildings, levels of pre-sales, and the relatively short delivery time of the pre-sold units once the building is 
 13 

completed. These sales can result in significant gains or losses that we recognize on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as income from unconsolidated entities. The timing of these gains or losses cannot be predicted with certainty and, as a result, can cause our net income to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop, operate and/or, in certain situations, sell for-rent apartments, which we accomplish mainly through joint ventures. Often, the joint venture through which we develop and lease-up a rental property sells the property to a third party or to the joint venture partner upon stabilization. These sales can result in significant gains or losses that we recognize on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as income from unconsolidated entities. The timing of these gains or losses cannot be predicted with certainty and, as a result, can cause our net income to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 Increases in cancellations of existing agreements of sale could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our home buyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. We have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the home buyer does not complete the purchase. In some cases, however, a home buyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local law requirements, the home buyer s inability to obtain mortgage financing, the home buyer s inability to sell their current home, or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. Home buyers may also choose to cancel their home agreement and forfeit their deposit. The amount of deposit that we require varies by community and market and may be insufficient to compel a home buyer to complete the purchase. At October 31, 2024, we had 5,996 homes with a sales value of 6.47 billion in backlog. If economic conditions decline, if mortgage financing becomes less available or more costly, or if our homes become less attractive due to market price declines or due to other conditions at or in the vicinity of our communities, we could experience an increase in home buyers canceling their agreements of sale with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The home building industry is highly competitive, and, if other home builders are more successful or offer better value to our customers, our business could decline. 
 We operate in a very competitive environment in which we face competition from a number of other home builders in each market in which we operate. We compete with large national and regional home building companies and with smaller local home builders for land, financing, building components, and skilled management and labor resources. We also compete with the resale home market, also referred to as the previously owned or existing home market. An oversupply of homes available for sale or the heavy discounting of home prices by some of our competitors could adversely affect demand for our homes and the results of our operations. An increase in competitive conditions can have any of the following impacts on us: delivery of fewer homes; sale of fewer homes; higher cancellations by our home buyers; an increase in selling incentives and/or reduction of prices; and realization of lower gross margins due to lower sales prices or an inability to increase sales prices to offset increased costs of the homes delivered. If we are unable to compete effectively in our markets, our business could decline disproportionately to that of our competitors. 
 We rely on subcontractors to develop our land and construct our homes and on building supply companies to supply components for the construction of our homes. The failure of our subcontractors to properly construct our homes and adopt appropriate jobsite safety practices, or defects in the components we obtain from building supply companies could have an adverse effect on us. 
 We engage subcontractors to develop our land and construct our homes, including by purchasing components used in the construction of our homes from building supply companies. Despite our quality control and jobsite safety efforts, we may discover that our subcontractors were engaging in improper development, construction or safety practices or that the components purchased from building supply companies are not performing as specified. The occurrence of such events could require us to repair facilities and homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law, or to respond to claims of improper oversight of construction sites. The cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers. 
 We also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving matters that are not within our control. We have implemented policies that are designed to inform subcontractors of observations of hazardous conditions that could jeopardize the safety of individuals or result in penalties or other legal consequences, and ultimately to reduce or eliminate unsafe acts and conditions. However, attempts at mitigation may not be successful and we could be subject to claims relating to actions of, or matters relating to, our subcontractors. 
 14 

We participate in certain joint ventures where we may be adversely impacted by the actions of the joint venture or its participants. 
 We have investments in and commitments to certain unconsolidated joint ventures with unrelated parties generally involved in land development, home building and apartment rental development activities. At October 31, 2024, we had investments of 1.01 billion in unconsolidated entities and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional 312.8 million to these unconsolidated entities if they require additional funding. These joint ventures generally borrow money to help finance their activities. In certain circumstances, the joint venture participants, including us, are required to provide guarantees of certain obligations relating to the joint ventures. In most of these joint ventures, we do not have a controlling interest and, as a result, are not able to require these joint ventures or their participants to honor their obligations or renegotiate them on acceptable terms. If the joint ventures or their participants do not honor their obligations, we may be required to expend additional resources or suffer losses, which could be significant. In addition, because we generally do not control these joint ventures, our investments may be illiquid and we may not always agree with our partners on major decisions, such as asset sales. Disputes between us and partners may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and distract our management team. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of its third-party partners. 
 Government regulations and legal challenges may delay the start or completion of our communities, increase our expenses, or limit our home building activities, which could have a negative impact on our operations. 
 We must obtain the approval of numerous governmental authorities in connection with our development and construction activities, and these governmental authorities often have broad discretion in exercising their approval authority. We incur substantial costs related to compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Any increase in legal and regulatory requirements may cause us to incur substantial additional costs or, in some cases, cause us to determine that the property is not feasible for development. 
 Various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning building, zoning, sales, accessibility, safety, anti-discrimination, and similar matters apply to and/or affect the housing industry. Governmental regulation affects construction activities as well as sales activities, mortgage lending activities, and other dealings with home buyers, including anti-discrimination laws such as the Fair Housing Act and data privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. The industry also has experienced an increase in state and local legislation and regulations that limit the availability or use of land. Municipalities may also restrict or place moratoriums on the availability of utilities, such as water and sewer taps. In some areas, municipalities may enact growth control initiatives, which restrict the number of building permits available in a given year. In addition, we may be required to apply for additional approvals or modify our existing approvals because of changes in local circumstances or applicable law. If municipalities in which we operate take actions like these, it could have an adverse effect on our business by causing delays, increasing our costs, or limiting our ability to operate in those municipalities. Further, we may experience delays and increased expenses as a result of legal challenges to our proposed communities, whether brought by governmental authorities or private parties. 
 Our mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules, and regulations, including those that relate to licensing, lending operations, and other areas of mortgage origination and financing. The impact of those statutes, rules, and regulations can increase our home buyers cost of financing, increase our cost of doing business, and restrict our home buyers access to some types of loans. 
 Product liability claims and litigation and warranty claims that arise in the ordinary course of business may be costly, which could adversely affect our business. 
 As a home builder, we are subject to construction defect and home warranty claims arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common in the home building industry and can be costly. In addition, insuring against construction defect and product liability claims has become increasingly difficult due to limited coverage options, high costs, lack of reinsurance options and the exit of insurers from the market.There can be no assurance that any form of insurance coverage will be available in the future or, if it is offered, that it will be available on reasonable terms. If the limits or coverages of our current and former insurance programs prove inadequate, or we are not able to obtain adequate, or reasonably priced, insurance against these types of claims in the future, or the amounts currently provided for future warranty or insurance claims are inadequate, we may experience losses that could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We record expenses and liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover our self-insured liability under our insurance policies and estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are above our coverage limits or that are not covered by our insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of our historical claims and industry data, and include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. The projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products we build, insurance industry practices, and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other 
 15 

factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severities, and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and the estimates to settle claims can impact the trends and assumptions used in the actuarial analysis, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Due to the degree of judgment required and the potential for variability in these assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from those estimated, and the difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate due to the seasonal nature of our business. 
 Our quarterly operating results fluctuate with the seasons; normally, a significant portion of our agreements of sale are entered into with customers in the winter and spring months. Construction of our build-to-order homes typically proceeds after signing the agreement of sale with our customer and typically require nine to 12 months to complete, although construction times may extend beyond 12 months due to a variety of reasons, including high demand, labor shortages, supply chain disruption and municipal related delays. In addition, weather-related events may occur from time to time, delaying starts or closings or increasing costs and reducing profitability. In addition, delays in opening new communities or new sections of existing communities could have an adverse impact on home sales and revenues. Expenses are not incurred and recognized evenly throughout the year. Because of these factors, our quarterly operating results may be uneven and may be marked by lower revenues and earnings in some quarters than in others. 
 Increases in taxes or government fees could increase our costs, and adverse changes in tax laws or their interpretation could reduce demand for our homes and negatively affect our operating results. 
 Increases in real estate taxes and other local government fees, such as fees imposed on developers to fund schools, open space, and road improvements, and/or provide low- and moderate-income housing, could increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, increases in local real estate taxes could adversely affect our potential home buyers, who may consider those costs in determining whether to make a new home purchase and decide, as a result, not to purchase one of our homes. 
 Changes in tax laws could reduce or eliminate tax deductions or incentives for homeowners and could make housing less affordable or otherwise reduce the demand for housing, which in turn could reduce our sales and hurt our results of operations. Further, while we believe that our recorded tax balances are adequate, it is not possible to predict the effects of possible changes in the tax laws or changes in their interpretation and whether they could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. We have filed our tax returns in prior years based upon certain filing positions we believe are appropriate. If the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authorities disagree with these filing positions, we may owe additional taxes, which could be material. 
 We are subject to extensive environmental regulations, which may cause us to incur additional operating expenses, subject us to longer construction cycle times, or result in material fines or harm to our reputation. 
 We are subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health and the environment, including those regulating the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, the management of storm water runoff at construction sites, the handling, use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, impacts to wetlands and other sensitive environments, and the remediation of contamination at properties that we acquire, own or develop. In addition, state and local jurisdictions have in recent years enacted regulations that require new homes to be more energy efficient than existing homes, or to be more weather-resistant, or have mandated energy efficient features, such as solar panels, be included in new construction. The environmental and housing code regulations applicable to each community in which we operate vary greatly depending on the location of the community site, the site's environmental conditions and the present and former use of the site. Environmental regulations may cause delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation or other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and home building activity. In addition, noncompliance with these regulations could result in fines and penalties, obligations to remediate, permit revocations or other sanctions; and contamination or other environmental conditions at or in the vicinity of our developments, whether or not we were responsible for such conditions, may result in claims against us for personal injury, property damage or other losses. 
 From time to time, the United States Environmental Protection Agency and other federal or state agencies review home builders' compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties for failure to strictly comply with applicable environmental laws or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past failures. Any such actions taken with respect to us may increase our costs or harm our reputation. Further, we expect that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on home builders in the future. Environmental regulations can also have an adverse impact on the availability and price of certain building components such as lumber. 
 In recent years, an increasing number of state and Federal laws and regulations have been enacted or proposed that deal with the effect of climate change on the environment. These laws and regulations, which are generally intended to directly or indirectly reduce greenhouse gas emissions, conserve water or limit other potential climate change impacts, may impose restrictions or 
 16 

additional requirements on land development and home construction in certain areas. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our operating and compliance costs or require additional technology and capital investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This is a particular concern in the western United States, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have significant business operations. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with existing climate-related government regulations applicable to our business, and such compliance has not had a material impact on our business. However, given the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws and matters that may arise that are not currently known, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance or remedy potential violations could be significant. 
 
 Additionally, increased governmental and societal attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 Failure by our employees or representatives to comply with laws and regulations may harm us. 
 We are required to comply with laws and regulations that govern all aspects of our business including land acquisition, development, home construction, labor and employment, mortgage origination, title and escrow operations, sales, and warranty. It is possible that our employees or entities engaged by us, such as subcontractors, could intentionally or unintentionally violate some of these laws and regulations. Although we endeavor to take immediate action if we become aware of such violations, we may incur fines or penalties as a result of these actions and our reputation with governmental agencies and our customers could be damaged. 
 Component shortages and increased costs of labor and supplies are beyond our control and can result in delays and increased costs to develop our communities. 
 Our ability to develop residential communities may be adversely affected by circumstances beyond our control, including work stoppages, labor disputes, and shortages of qualified trades people, such as carpenters, roofers, masons, electricians, and plumbers; changes in laws relating to union organizing activity; lack of availability of adequate utility infrastructure and services; our need to rely on local subcontractors who may not be adequately capitalized or insured; the ability of municipalities to process permits, conduct inspections and take similar actions in a timely manner; and shortages, delays in availability, or fluctuations in prices of building components and materials. Any of these circumstances could give rise to delays in the start or completion of, or could increase the cost of, developing one or more of our residential communities. We may not be able to recover these increased costs by raising our home prices because the price for each home, especially our build-to-order homes, is typically set months prior to its delivery pursuant to the agreement of sale with the home buyer. If that happens, our operating results could be harmed. 
 In the recent past, strong demand for homes combined with supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and municipal related delays caused our construction cycles to lengthen and the costs of building materials to increase. Longer construction cycles can lead to increased cancellation rates, lower customer satisfaction and brand diminishment. In addition, shortages and cost increases in building materials and tightness in the labor market can erode our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations, especially if such disruptions, shortages and delays persist for extended periods of time. Changes in laws, government regulations, or enforcement priorities, such as the imposition of tariffs (in particular on materials imported from Canada or Mexico) or changes in immigration laws and/or their enforcement, could result in higher component costs, tighter overall labor conditions and a shortage of skilled tradespeople, which could in turn adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to one collective bargaining agreement that covers approximately 1 of our employees. We have not experienced any work stoppages due to strikes by unionized workers, but we cannot make assurances that there will not be any work stoppages due to strikes or other job actions in the future. We engage independent contractors that employ non-unionized workers to construct our homes. At any given point in time, the employees of those subcontractors may decide to unionize. 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness and Financing 
 If we are not able to obtain suitable financing, or if the interest rates on our debt are increased, or if our credit ratings are lowered, our business and results of operations may decline. 
 Our business and results of operations depend substantially on our ability to obtain financing and lines of credit, whether from bank borrowings or from financing in the public debt mark ets. Our Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for 1.955 billion 
 17 

in committed borrowing capacity and letters of credit, and substantial portions of our 650.0 million term loan mature in February 2028, with smaller portions maturing in Novemb er 2025 and November 2026. In addition, 1.60 billion of our senior notes become due and payable at various times from November 2025 through November 2029. We cannot be certain that we will be able to replace existing financing and credit lines or find additional sources of financing in the future on favorable terms or at all. 
 Another source of credit and liquidity for us is our ability to use letters of credit and surety bonds to back certain performance-related obligations and as security for certain land option agreements and insurance programs. The majority of these letters of credit and surety bonds support our land development and construction obligations to various municipalities, other government agencies, and utility companies related to infrastructure construction. At October 31, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds totaling 180.0 million and 1.16 billion, respectively. Our letters of credit are generally, but not always, issued under our Revolving Credit Facility, which contains certain financial covenants and other limitations. If we are unable to obtain letters of credit or surety bonds when required, or the conditions imposed by issuers increase significantly, our liquidity and costs of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we are not able to obtain suitable financing at reasonable terms or replace existing debt and credit facilities when they become due or expire, our costs for borrowings may increase and our revenues may decrease or we could be precluded from continuing our operations at current levels or expanding them. 
 Increases in interest rates can make it more difficult and/or expensive for us to obtain the funds and credit we need to operate our business. The amount of interest we incur on our revolving bank credit facility and term loan (exclusive of the amount we have hedged with interest rate swap transactions through October 2025 as further described in Note 6 Loans Payable, Senior Notes, and Mortgage Company Loan Facility in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K) fluctuates based on changes in short-term interest rates and the amount of borrowings we incur and letters of credit that are issued. Increases in interest rates generally and/or any downgrade in the ratings that national rating agencies assign to our outstanding debt securities could increase the interest rates we must pay on any subsequent issuances of debt securities, and any such ratings downgrade could also make it more difficult for us to sell such debt securities. 
 If home buyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, our results of operations may decline. 
 Our results of operations also depend on the ability of our potential home buyers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of our homes. Mortgage rates have increased significantly since January 2022, which has negatively impacted the overall housing market. A variety of factors, including market conditions and government actions could cause mortgage rates to increase even further in the future. Any uncertainty in the mortgage markets and its impact on the overall mortgage market, including the tightening of credit standards, future increases in the effective cost of home mortgage financing (including as a result of changes to federal tax law), and increased government regulation, could adversely affect the ability of our customers to obtain financing for a home purchase, thus preventing our potential home buyers from purchasing our homes. In addition, where our potential home buyers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from us, increases in mortgage costs and/or lack of availability of mortgages could prevent the buyers of our potential home buyers existing homes from obtaining the mortgages they need to complete their purchases, which would result in our potential home buyers inability to buy a home from us. Similar risks apply to those buyers whose contracts are in our backlog of homes to be delivered. If our home buyers, potential buyers, or buyers of our home buyers current homes cannot obtain suitable financing, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If our ability to resell mortgages to investors is impaired, our home buyers may be required to find alternative financing. 
 Generally, when our mortgage subsidiary closes a mortgage for a home buyer at a previously locked-in rate, it already has an agreement in place with an investor to acquire the mortgage following the closing. Our mortgage loans are sold to investors with limited recourse provisions derived from industry-standard representations and warranties in the relevant agreements. These representations and warranties primarily involve the absence of misrepresentations by the borrower or other parties, the appropriate underwriting of the loan and in some cases, a required minimum number of payments to be made by the borrower. We generally do not retain any other continuing interest related to mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. However, if these recourse provisions are not satisfied, the mortgage loans sold to investors could be returned to us. In addition, if the resale market for our mortgages decline or the underwriting standards of our investors become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgage loans could be adversely affected and either we would have to commit our own funds to long-term investments in mortgage loans, which could, among other things, delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations, or our home buyers would be required to find an alternative source of financing. If our home buyers cannot obtain another source of financing in order to purchase our homes, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 18 

Risks Related to Other Events and Factors 
 Public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 The United States and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including the closures of non-essential businesses for a period of time, which had an adverse impact on our business. In addition, the effects of the pandemic on economic activity, combined with strong demand for new homes that followed the initial onset of the pandemic, caused many disruptions to our supply chain and shortages in certain building components and materials, as well as labor shortages, all of which lengthened our construction cycle times. During the pandemic, overall economic conditions, as well as demand for our homes and our ability to conduct normal business operations became highly unpredictable. Outbreaks of contagious diseases similar to the pandemic may occur in the future, which could have a significant negative impact on the economy, our ability to conduct normal business operations and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, and other conditions could disrupt the development of our communities, which could harm our sales and results of operations. 
 Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can have serious effects on our ability to develop our residential communities and other aspects of our business. To the extent that hurricanes, tornadoes, severe storms, heavy or prolonged precipitation, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires or other natural disasters or similar events occur, our homes under construction or our building lots in such states could be damaged or destroyed, which may result in losses exceeding our insurance coverage. Natural disasters can also lead to increased competition for subcontractors, which can delay our construction activities even after an event has concluded. They may also result in reduced demand for homes in a given community, as potential buyers may avoid areas they deem to be at higher risk of loss, or they may face higher costs for, or may be unable to obtain, fire, flood or other hazard insurance coverage in certain areas due to local environmental conditions or historical events. In addition, adverse weather events could prompt governmental authorities to adopt more stringent building codes, which would likely increase development costs in affected areas and negatively impact home affordability and/or demand. 
 In addition, our business may be affected by unforeseen engineering, environmental, or geological conditions or problems, including conditions or problems which arise on lands of third parties in the vicinity of our communities, but nevertheless negatively impact our communities. Any of these adverse events or circumstances could cause delays in or prevent the completion of, or increase the cost of, developing one or more of our residential communities and, as a result, could harm our sales and results of operations. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Increased domestic or international instability could adversely impact the economy and significantly reduce demand for homes and the number of new contracts we sign, increase the number of cancellations of existing contracts, and/or increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be adversely impacted by the loss of key management personnel or if we fail to attract qualified personnel. 
 Our future success depends, to a significant degree, on the efforts of our senior management and our ability to attract qualified personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in all of our operating markets, as well as within our corporate operations, is intense. Our operations could be adversely affected if key members of our senior management unexpectedly leave the Company; if we cannot attract qualified personnel to manage our business; or if we are unable to successfully manage transition matters when our senior executives, several of whom are retirement eligible under our various compensation plans. 
 Information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business. 
 We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities as well as maintain our business records, including information provided by our customers. Many of these resources are provided to us and/or maintained on our behalf by third-party service providers pursuant to agreements that specify certain security and service level standards. Our ability to conduct our business may be impaired if these resources are compromised, degraded, damaged or fail, whether due to a virus or other harmful circumstance, intentional breach or disruption of our information technology resources by a third party, natural disaster, hardware or software corruption, failure or error (including a failure of security controls incorporated into or applied to such hardware or software), telecommunications system failure, service provider error or failure, intentional or unintentional personnel actions (including the failure to follow our security protocols), or lost connectivity to our networked resources. A significant and extended disruption in the functioning of these resources could impair our operations, damage our reputation, and cause us to lose customers, sales and revenue. 
 19 

In addition, breaches of our data security systems, including by cyber-attacks, could result in the unintended public disclosure or the misappropriation of our proprietary information or personal and confidential information, about our employees, consumers who view our homes, home buyers, mortgage loan applicants and business partners, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and resolve these kinds of issues. The release of confidential information may lead to identity theft and related fraud, litigation or other proceedings against us by affected individuals and/or business partners and/or by regulators, and the outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Depending on its nature, a particular breach or series of breaches of our systems may result in the unauthorized use, appropriation or loss of confidential or proprietary information on a one-time or continuing basis, which may not be detected for a period of time. In addition, the costs of maintaining adequate protection against such threats, as they develop in the future (or as legal requirements related to data security increase) could be material. 
 We have been subject to cyber incidents in the past, including an attack that temporarily disrupted access to certain of our systems and an incident involving identity theft through the unauthorized access of one of our third-party service provider s information systems. Neither of these incidents individually or in the aggregate resulted in any material liability to us, any material damage to our reputation, or any material disruption to our operations. However, as a result of a widespread increase in the frequency and number of cyber-attacks, we expect that we will continue to be the target of additional and increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks and data security breaches, and the safeguards we have designed to help prevent these incidents from occurring may not be successful. Any further increase in the frequency or scope of cyber-attacks may exacerbate these data security risks. If we experience additional cyber-attacks or data security breaches in the future, we could suffer material liabilities, our reputation could be materially damaged, and our operations could be materially disrupted. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We have established processes and policies for assessing, identifying and managing material risks posed by cybersecurity threats. Our processes and policies are based upon the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework with our processes focused on: (i) developing organizational understanding to manage cybersecurity risks, (ii) applying safeguards to protect our systems, (iii) detecting the occurrence of a cybersecurity incident, (iv) responding to a cybersecurity incident and (v) recovering from a cybersecurity incident. Where appropriate, these processes and policies are integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes. We take a risk-based approach to cybersecurity, with processes that include: 
 requiring our employees with network access to complete information security and privacy training on an annual basis; 
 continuously working to improve our information technology systems and providing employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to enhance our levels of protection; 
 conducting penetration testing with the assistance of outside consultants at least annually to assess vulnerabilities and use feedback from those exercises to improve our processes and defenses; 
 conducting tabletop exercises with the assistance of outside consultants to assess and improve where appropriate our processes and policies; and 
 conducting diligence, and seeking engagements of, sophisticated, cloud-based third-party service providers for certain critical functions. 
 We have engaged knowledgeable third parties to assist us in establishing and improving our policies, and monitoring and responding to cyber threats. Our processes and policies include the identification of those third-party relationships that have the greatest potential to expose us to cybersecurity threats and, upon identification, we conduct additional due diligence as a part of establishing those relationships. We also manage risks related to cybersecurity by maintaining insurance coverage as part of our overall insurance portfolio. For additional information concerning cybersecurity risks we face, see Item 1A Risk Factors Information technology failures or data security breaches could harm our business . 
 Governance 
 Our Board of Directors has delegated the primary responsibility to oversee cybersecurity matters to our Audit and Risk Committee. Our Audit and Risk Committee regularly reviews the measures implemented to identify and mitigate data 
 20 

protection and cybersecurity risks. As part of such reviews, our Audit and Risk Committee receives quarterly reports and presentations from team members responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management, including our Chief Information Officer (CIO), which address a wide range of topics, including recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat environment, technological trends, and information security considerations arising with respect to our peers and third parties. 
 At the management level, our cybersecurity program is managed by our CIO. Our CIO joined the Company in 2014 and has over 20 years of experience leading information technology teams, including with respect to cloud-based system integration, strategic IT transformations, and the unification, standardization and implementation of technological solutions. Our CIO is supported by our information security team, which is led by our Director of Information Cybersecurity who has over 20 years of experience in information security, and which is tasked with monitoring, detecting, preventing and responding to cyber incidents. We have also engaged a team of dedicated professionals employed by our cybersecurity consultant, which includes our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). Our CISO has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs and cybersecurity risk and has over 25 years of experience in information security. His background includes technical experience, strategy and architecture focused roles, cyber and threat experience, and various leadership roles in all areas of information technology. 
 Pursuant to our Information Technology Incident Response Plan (IRP), when a cybersecurity event has been identified through our detection processes, it is assessed in order to determine whether the event is a cybersecurity incident. Our IRP designates the primary manager of a cybersecurity incident, describes the parties who should be informed about the incident and outlines the processes for containment, eradication, recovery and resolution of the incident. Depending on the severity and impact of a cybersecurity threat, members of our senior management team, the Audit and Risk Committee and the full Board of Directors are notified of an incident and kept informed of the mitigation and remediation of the incident. We are not aware of any material cybersecurity incidents in the last three years. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Headquarters 
 Our corporate office, which we lease from an unrelated party, contains approximately 163,000 square feet and is located in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania. 
 Manufacturing/Distribution Facilities 
 We own a manufacturing facility of approximately 225,000 square feet located in Morrisville, Pennsylvania, a manufacturing facility totaling approximately 150,000 square feet located in Emporia, Virginia and a manufacturing facility totaling approximately 30,500 square feet in Bartow, Florida. We also lease, from unrelated parties, a facility of approximately 56,000 square feet located in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania and two facilities of approximately 38,000 square feet, on a combined basis, located in Westfield, Massachusetts. In addition, we own a 34,000-square foot manufacturing, warehouse, and office facility in Culpepper, Virginia. At these facilities, our Toll Integrated Systems subsidiary manufactures open wall panels, roof and floor trusses, and certain interior and exterior millwork to supply a portion of our construction needs. These facilities supply components used in our North, Mid-Atlantic, and portions of our South geographic regions. These operations also permit us to purchase wholesale lumber, sheathing, windows, doors, certain other interior and exterior millwork, and other building materials to supply to our communities. We believe that increased efficiencies, cost savings, quality control and productivity result from the operation of these plants and from the wholesale purchase of materials. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in various claims and litigation arising principally in the ordinary course of business. We believe that adequate provision for resolution of all current claims and pending litigation has been made and that the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity or on our financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Shares of our common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TOL. On December 18, 2024, there were approximately 381 record holders of our common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased the following shares of our common stock: Period Total number of shares purchased (a) Average price paid per share (b) Total number of shares purchased as part of a publicly announced plan or program (c) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan or program (c) (in thousands) (in thousands) (in thousands) August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 97 143.95 97 16,327 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 472 145.95 472 15,855 October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024 768 151.36 768 15,087 Total 1,337 1,337 
 
 (a) Our stock incentive plans permit us to withhold from the total number of shares that otherwise would be issued to a performance based restricted stock unit recipient or a restricted stock unit recipient upon distribution that number of shares having a fair value at the time of distribution equal to the applicable income tax withholdings due and remit the remaining shares to the recipient. During the three months ended October 31, 2024, we withheld 1,147 of the shares subject to performance based restricted stock units and restricted stock units to cover approximately 159,000 of income tax withholdings and we issued the remaining 3,024 shares to the recipients. The shares withheld are not included in the total number of shares purchased in the table above. 
 Our stock incentive plans also permit participants to exercise non-qualified stock options using a net exercise method. In a net exercise, we generally withhold from the total number of shares that otherwise would be issued to the participant upon exercise of the stock option that number of shares having a fair market value at the time of exercise equal to the option exercise price and applicable income tax withholdings, and remit the remaining shares to the participant. During the three-month period ended October 31, 2024, the net exercise method was not employed to exercise options. 
 (b) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the purchases, but excludes any excise tax that we accrue on our share repurchases as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
 (c) On December 13, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 20 million shares of our common stock in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchases), issuer tender offers or other financial arrangements or transactions for general corporate purposes, including to obtain shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans. This authorization terminated, effective December 13, 2023, the prior authorization that had been in effect since March 17, 2022. Our Board of Directors did not fix any expiration date for the current share repurchase program. 
 Our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement each require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the respective agreements), which limit the amount of share repurchases we may make. Based upon these provisions, our ability to repurchase our common stock was limited to approximately 3.90 billion as of October 31, 2024. 
 Dividends 
 During fiscal 2024, we paid aggregate cash dividends of 0.90 per share to our shareholders. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and any decision to pay dividends in the future, and the amount of any such dividend, will depend upon an evaluation of a number of factors, including our results of operations, our capital requirements, 
 22 

our operating and financial condition, and any contractual limitations then in effect. Our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement each require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth (as defined in the respective agreement), which restricts the amount of dividends we may pay. At October 31, 2024, under the provisions of our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement, we could have paid up to approximately 3.57 billion of cash dividends. 
 Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph and chart compares the five-year cumulative total return (assuming that an investment of 100 was made on October 31, 2019, and that dividends were reinvested) from October 31, 2019 to October 31, 2024, for (a) our common stock, (b) the S P Homebuilding Index and (c) the S P 500 : 
 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return Among Toll Brothers, Inc., the S P 500 , and 
 the S P Homebuilding Index 
 October 31: 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Toll Brothers, Inc. 100.00 107.71 155.05 112.73 187.48 391.20 S P 500 
 100.00 109.71 156.79 133.88 147.46 203.52 S P 500 Homebuilding Index 100.00 117.37 155.67 132.48 186.63 310.37 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 23 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MD A 
 This discussion and analysis is based on, should be read together with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K, beginning at page F-1. It also should be read in conjunction with the disclosure under Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 When this report uses the words we, us, our, and the Company, they refer to Toll Brothers, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. References herein to fiscal year refer to our fiscal years ended or ending October 31. 
 Unless otherwise stated in this report, net contracts signed represents a number or value equal to the gross number or value of contracts signed during the relevant period, less the number or value of contracts cancelled during the relevant period, which includes contracts that were signed during the relevant period and in prior periods. Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers backlog ). Backlog conversion represents the percentage of homes delivered in the period from backlog at the beginning of the period backlog conversion ). 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 We design, build, market, sell, and arrange financing for an array of luxury residential single-family detached, attached, master-planned, resort-style golf, and urban low-, mid-, and high-rise communities, principally on land we develop and improve. In recent years, we have pursued a strategy of broadening our product lines, price points and geographic footprint, as well as increasing the number of spec homes that we sell relative to our traditional build-to-order homes. We cater to luxury first-time, move-up, empty-nester (move-down), active-adult, and second-home buyers in the United States, as well as urban and suburban renters. We also design, build, market, and sell high-density, high-rise urban luxury condominiums with third-party joint venture partners. At October 31, 2024, we were operating in 24 states and in the District of Columbia. 
 In the five years ended October 31, 2024, we delivered 49,407 homes from 986 communities, including 10,813 homes from 527 communities in fiscal 2024. At October 31, 2024, we had 1,041 communities in various stages of planning, development or operations containing approximately 74,700 home sites that we owned or controlled through options. At fiscal year-end, we were selling from 408 of these communities. 
 We operate our own architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development, insurance, smart home technology and landscaping subsidiaries. We also develop master-planned and golf course communities as well as operate, in certain regions, our own lumber distribution, house component assembly and component manufacturing operations. 
 In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and, in some cases operate, for-rent apartments generally through joint ventures. See the section entitled Toll Brothers Apartment Living/Toll Brothers Campus Living below. 
 We have investments in various unconsolidated entities, including our Land Development Joint Ventures, Home Building Joint Ventures and Rental Property Joint Ventures. 
 Financial Highlights 
 In fiscal 2024, we recognized 10.85 billion of revenues, consisting of 10.56 billion of home sales revenues and 283.4 million of land sales and other revenues, and net income of 1.57 billion, as compared to 9.99 billion of revenues, consisting of 9.87 billion of home sales revenues and 128.9 million of land sales and other revenues, and net income of 1.37 billion in fiscal 2023. Land sales and other revenue, pre-tax income and net income in fiscal 2024 included 185.0 million, 175.2 million and 124.1 million, respectively, related to the sale of a single parcel of land in northern Virginia to a commercial developer. 
 In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the value of net contracts signed was 10.07 billion (10,231 homes) and 7.91 billion (8,077 homes), respectively. The value of our backlog at October 31, 2024 was 6.47 billion (5,996 homes), as compared to our backlog at October 31, 2023 of 6.95 billion (6,578 homes). 
 At October 31, 2024, we had 1.30 billion of cash and cash equivalents and approximately 1.77 billion available for borrowing under our 1.955 billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). At October 31, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and had outstanding letters of credit of approximately 180.0 million. 
 At October 31, 2024, our total equity and our debt to total capitalization ratio were 7.69 billion and 0.27 to 1.00, respectively. 
 24 

Our Business Environment and Current Outlook 
 Through fiscal 2024, demand for our homes remained solid despite geopolitical turmoil, continued inflationary pressures and mortgage rates that remained elevated compared to the prior decade. Despite these conditions, the market for new homes, and in particular higher-end new homes, has continued to perform well. We believe this is due to a variety of factors, including the very low levels of resale inventory on the market, favorable demographic trends that include first time millennial buyers who are acquiring homes later in life, and a continuation of a structural supply-demand imbalance that has resulted from underproduction of homes relative to population growth for well over a decade. While home price appreciation and higher mortgage rates have made homes unaffordable for many entry-level buyers, our more affluent customer base has been less impacted by these trends. We believe the favorable trends described above will continue to support demand for our homes for the foreseeable future. However, historically the home building industry has been highly cyclical and there can be no guarantee that our business will not be disrupted by macroeconomic factors, such as negative impacts from inflation or mortgage rates that may trend higher. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 The home building business is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with numerous home builders of varying sizes, ranging from local to national in scope, some of which have greater sales and financial resources than we do. Sales of existing homes, whether by a homeowner or by a financial institution that may have acquired a home through a foreclosure or otherwise, also provide competition. We compete primarily based on price, location, design, quality, service, and reputation. We believe our size and financial stability, relative to many others in our industry, provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 Land Acquisition and Development 
 Our business is subject to many risks because of the extended length of time that it takes to obtain the necessary approvals on a property, complete the land improvements and community amenities, and build and deliver a home. We attempt to reduce some of these risks and improve our capital efficiency by utilizing one or more of the following methods: controlling land for future development through options, which enables us to obtain necessary governmental approvals before acquiring title to the land; commencing construction of a build-to-order home only after executing an agreement of sale and receiving a required down payment from the buyer; and using subcontractors to perform home and amenity construction and land development work on a fixed-price basis. 
 During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we acquired control of approximately 14,900 and 4,200 home sites, respectively, net of options terminated and land sales. In each of fiscal 2024 and 2023 we forfeited control of approximately optioned 4,000 lots primarily because the planned community no longer met our development criteria. At October 31, 2024, we controlled approximately 74,700 home sites, as compared to approximately 70,700 home sites at October 31, 2023, and approximately 76,000 home sites at October 31, 2022. In addition, at October 31, 2024, we expected to purchase approximately 9,000 additional home sites from several Land Development Joint Ventures in which we have an interest, at prices to be determined. 
 Of the approximately 74,700 total home sites that we owned or controlled through options at October 31, 2024, we owned approximately 34,000 and controlled approximately 40,800 through options. Of the 74,700 home sites, approximately 19,000 were substantially improved. 
 In addition, at October 31, 2024, our Land Development Joint Ventures owned approximately 22,700 home sites (including 316 home sites included in the 40,800 controlled through options). 
 At October 31, 2024, we were selling from 408 communities, compared to 370 communities at October 31, 2023, and 348 communities at October 31, 2022. 
 Customer Mortgage Financing 
 We maintain relationships with a diverse group of mortgage financial institutions, many of which are among the largest in the industry. We believe that national, regional and community banks continue to recognize the long-term value in creating relationships with our home buyers, and these banks continue to provide these customers with financing. 
 We believe that our home buyers generally are, and will continue to be, well-positioned to secure mortgages due to their typically lower loan-to-value ratios and attractive credit profiles, as compared to the average home buyer. 
 Toll Brothers Apartment Living/Toll Brothers Campus Living 
 In addition to our residential for-sale business, we also develop and in some cases operate for-rent apartments generally through joint ventures. At October 31, 2024, we or joint ventures in which we have an interest, owned or controlled 67 land parcels that are planned, or being developed or operated, as for-rent apartment projects containing approximately 21,300 units. These 
 25 

projects, which are located in multiple metropolitan areas throughout the country, are being operated, are being developed, or will be developed with partners under the brand names Toll Brothers Apartment Living and Toll Brothers Campus Living. Of these 21,300 units, 13,300 were owned by joint ventures in which we have an interest; approximately 2,400 were owned by us; and the land parcels underlying 5,600 units were under contract to be purchased by us. At October 31, 2024, we had approximately 4,500 units in for-rent apartment projects that were occupied or ready for occupancy, 5,700 units in the lease-up stage, 6,500 units in the design phase or under development, and 4,700 units in the planning stage. 
 In fiscal 2024, three of our Rental Property Joint Ventures sold their assets or we sold a portion of our ownership interest to unrelated parties, resulting in aggregate gains of 176.1 million recognized by the joint ventures. From our investments in these joint ventures we received cash and recognized our share of the gains of 24.1 million in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2023, two of our Rental Property Joint Ventures sold their assets to unrelated parties, resulting in aggregate gains of 106.2 million recognized by the joint ventures. From our investments in these joint ventures, we received cash and recognized gains of 50.9 million in fiscal 2023. In addition, in fiscal 2023, we sold our ownership interest in one of our Rental Property Joint Ventures and recognized a gain of 16.0 million. The gains recognized from these sales are included in Income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income included in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K. 
 Contracts and Backlog 
 The aggregate value of net sales contracts signed increased 27 in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023. The value of net sales contracts signed was 10.07 billion (10,231 homes) in fiscal 2024 and 7.91 billion (8,077 homes) in fiscal 2023. The increase in the aggregate value of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was due to a 27 increase in the number of net contracts signed. The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, reflects both solid demand and an increase in the average number of communities that we were selling from in 2024. The average value attributed to each contract signed in fiscal 2024 was generally flat compared to those signed in fiscal 2023. The average value attributed to each contract signed includes the value of each binding agreement of sale that was signed in the period, as well as the value of all options selected during the period, regardless of when the initial agreement of sale related to such options was signed. 
 The value of our backlog at October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was 6.47 billion (5,996 homes), 6.95 billion (6,578 homes), and 8.87 billion (8,098 homes), respectively. Approximately 97 of the homes in backlog at October 31, 2024 are expected to be delivered by October 31, 2025. The 7 decrease in the value of homes in backlog at October 31, 2024, as compared to October 31, 2023, was due to the delivery of more homes out of backlog than were added during fiscal 2024, and a decrease in the average value of each contract signed. 
 For more information regarding revenues, net contracts signed, and backlog by geographic segment, see Segments in this MD A. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our estimates are based on (i) currently known facts and circumstances, (ii) prior experience, (iii) assessments of probability, (iv) forecasted financial information, and (v) assumptions that management believes to be reasonable but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. We use our best judgment when measuring these estimates, and if warranted, obtain advice from external sources. On an ongoing basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. In times of economic disruption when uncertainty regarding future economic conditions is heightened, these estimates and assumptions are subject to greater variability. 
 For a discussion of all our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, refer to Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that the accounting estimates and assumptions described below involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. Therefore, we consider an understanding of the variability and judgment required in making these estimates and assumptions to be critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 We believe the following critical accounting estimates reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 26 

Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at cost unless an impairment exists, in which case it is written down to fair value in accordance with GAAP. In addition to direct land acquisition, land development, and home construction costs, costs also include interest, real estate taxes, and direct overhead related to development and construction, which are capitalized to inventory during periods beginning with the commencement of development and ending with the completion of construction. Because our inventory is considered a long-lived asset under GAAP, we are required to regularly review the carrying value of each of our communities and write down the value of those communities when we believe the values are not recoverable. 
 Operating Communities : When the profitability of an operating community deteriorates, the sales pace declines significantly, or some other factor indicates a possible impairment in the recoverability of the asset, the asset is reviewed for impairment by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flow for the community to its carrying value. If the estimated future undiscounted cash flow is less than the community s carrying value, the carrying value is written down to its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. The discount rate used in determining each asset s fair value reflects inherent risks associated with the related estimated cash flows, as well as current risk-free rates available in the market and estimated market risk premiums. In estimating the future undiscounted cash flow of a community, we use various estimates such as (i) the expected sales pace in a community, based upon general economic conditions that will have a short-term or long-term impact on the market in which the community is located and on competition within the market, including the number of home sites available and pricing and incentives being offered in other communities owned by us or by other builders; (ii) the expected sales prices and sales incentives to be offered in a community; (iii) costs expended to date and expected to be incurred in the future, including, but not limited to, land and land development costs, home construction, interest, and overhead costs; (iv) alternative product offerings that may be offered in a community that will have an impact on sales pace, sales price, building cost, or the number of homes that can be built in a particular community; and (v) alternative uses for the property, such as the possibility of a sale of the entire community to another builder or the sale of individual home sites. Any impairment is charged to cost of home sales revenues in the period in which the impairment is determined. 
 Future Communities : We evaluate all land held for future communities or future sections of operating communities, whether owned or optioned, to determine whether or not we expect to proceed with the development of the land as originally contemplated. This evaluation encompasses the same types of estimates used for operating communities described above, as well as an evaluation of the regulatory environment in which the land is located and the estimated probability of obtaining the necessary approvals, the estimated time and cost it will take to obtain those approvals, alternative land uses and the possible concessions that may be required to be given in order to obtain them. Concessions may include cash payments to fund improvements to public places such as parks and streets, dedication of a portion of the property for use by the public or as open space, or a reduction in the density or size of the homes to be built or commitment to build or fund certain dedicated workforce and affordable housing units. Based upon this review, we decide (i) as to land under contract to be purchased, whether the contract will likely be terminated or renegotiated, and (ii) as to land we own, whether the land will likely be developed as contemplated or in an alternative manner, or should be sold. We then further determine whether costs that have been capitalized to the community are recoverable or should be written off. The write-off is charged to cost of revenues in the period in which the need for the write-off is determined. 
 The estimates used in the determination of the estimated cash flows and fair value of both current and future communities are based on factors known to us at the time such estimates are made and our expectations of future operations and economic conditions. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated fair value deteriorate in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges and write-offs related to current and future communities and such amounts could be material. 
 We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess possible impairments during the past three fiscal years. 
 We recognized inventory impairment charges and the expensing of costs that we believed not to be recoverable in each of the three fiscal years ended October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, as shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 2024 2023 2022 Land controlled for future communities 6,676 10,712 13,051 Land owned for future communities 1,493 19,690 Operating communities 52,765 18,501 59,441 30,706 32,741 
 
 27 

Cost of Revenue Recognition 
 Cost of revenues from home sales are recognized at the time each home is delivered and title and possession are transferred to the buyer. 
 For our standard attached and detached homes, land, land development, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are amortized to the cost of homes closed based upon the total number of homes expected to be constructed in each community. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs subsequent to the commencement of delivery of homes are allocated to the remaining undelivered homes in the community. Home construction and related costs are charged to the cost of homes closed under the specific identification method. For our master-planned communities, the estimated land, common area development, and related costs, including the cost of golf courses, net of their estimated residual value, are allocated to individual communities within a master-planned community on a relative sales value basis. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs are allocated to the remaining home sites in each of the communities of the master-planned community. 
 For high-rise/mid-rise projects, land, land development, construction, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are generally amortized to the cost of units closed based upon an estimated relative sales value of the units closed to the total estimated sales value. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated total costs or revenues of the project are allocated to the remaining units to be delivered. 
 We rely on certain estimates to determine our construction and land development costs. Construction and land costs are comprised of direct and allocated costs, including estimated future costs. In determining these costs, we compile community budgets that are based on a variety of assumptions, including future construction schedules and costs to be incurred. Actual results can differ from budgeted amounts for various reasons, including construction delays, labor or material shortages, slower absorptions, increases in costs that have not yet been committed, changes in governmental requirements, or other unanticipated issues encountered during construction and development and other factors beyond our control. To address uncertainty in these budgets, we assess, update and revise community budgets on a regular basis, utilizing the most current information available to estimate home construction and land costs. 
 We have not made any material changes in the methodology used in developing and revising community budgets over the past three fiscal years. 
 Warranty and Self-Insurance 
 Warranty: We provide all of our home buyers with a limited warranty as to workmanship and mechanical equipment. We also provide many of our home buyers with a limited 10-year warranty as to structural integrity. We accrue for expected warranty costs at the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer. Warranty costs are accrued based upon historical experience related to product type, geographic location and other community specific factors. Adjustments to our warranty liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs. Over the past decade, we have had a significant number of warranty claims related to water intrusion issues primarily impacting homes built in Pennsylvania and Delaware. Our review process for these claims includes an analysis of many factors to determine the estimated costs to resolve such claims, including: the closing dates of the homes; the number of claims received; our inspection of homes; an estimate of the number of homes we expect to repair; the type and cost of repairs that have been performed in each community; the estimated costs to remediate pending and future claims; and the previously recorded amounts related to these claims. We also monitor legal developments relating to these types of claims and review the volume, relative merits and adjudication of claims in litigation or arbitration. 
 We have not made any material changes in our methodology or significant assumptions used to establish our warranty reserves during the past three fiscal years. 
 Self-Insurance: We maintain, and require the majority of our subcontractors to maintain, general liability insurance (including construction defect and bodily injury coverage) and workers compensation insurance. These insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims related to our home building activities, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits self-insured liability ). We also provide general liability insurance for our subcontractors in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, Washington, and certain areas of Texas, where eligible subcontractors are enrolled as insureds under our general liability insurance policies in each community in which they perform work. For those enrolled subcontractors, we absorb their general liability associated with the work performed on our homes within the applicable community as part of our overall general liability insurance and our self-insurance through our captive insurance subsidiary. 
 28 

We record expenses and liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover our self-insured liability and the estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are not covered by our insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of our historical claims and industry data, and include an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported IBNR ). 
 We engage a third-party actuary that uses our historical claim and expense data, input from our internal legal and risk management groups, as well as industry data, to estimate our liabilities, on an undiscounted basis, related to unpaid claims, IBNR associated with the risks that we are assuming for our self-insured liability and other required costs to administer current and expected claims. These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to a variety of factors, the most significant being the long period of time between the delivery of a home to a home buyer and when a structural warranty or construction defect claim is made, and the ultimate resolution of the claim. Though state regulations vary, construction defect claims are reported and resolved over a prolonged period of time, which can extend for 10 years or longer. As a result, the majority of the estimated liability relates to IBNR. Adjustments to our liabilities related to homes delivered in prior years are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs. 
 The projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of product we build, insurance industry practices and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severity and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and the estimates to settle claims can impact the trends and assumptions used in the actuarial analysis, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Due to the degree of judgment required, and the potential for variability in these underlying assumptions, our actual future costs could differ from those estimated, and the difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We have not made any material changes in our methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves during the past three fiscal years. Over the past three fiscal years adjustments to our estimates have not been material. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. A series of net operating losses of an investee, the inability to recover our invested capital, or other factors may indicate that a loss in value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity has occurred. If a loss exists, we further review to determine if the loss is other than temporary, in which case we write down the investment to its estimated fair value. The amount of impairment recognized is the excess of the investment s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. 
 The evaluation of our investments in unconsolidated entities for other-than-temporary impairment entails a detailed cash flow analysis using many estimates, including but not limited to: (1) projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various other factors. For our unconsolidated entities that develop for-sale homes and condominiums these other factors include those that are similar to how we evaluate our inventory for impairment as described above, such as expected sales pace, expected sales price, expected incentives, and costs incurred and anticipated. For our unconsolidated entities that own, develop and manage for-rent residential apartments, these other factors may include rental trends, expected future expenses and cap rates. Our assumptions on the projected future distributions from unconsolidated entities are also dependent on market conditions, sufficiency of financing and capital, competition, and anticipation of cash receipts. 
 We believe our assumptions on discount rates require significant judgment because the selection of the discount rate may significantly impact the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. A higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. During the year ended October 31, 2024, we utilized discount rates ranging from 10 to 15 in our valuations. Because of changes in economic conditions, actual results could differ materially from management s assumptions and may require material valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities to be recorded in the future. 
 29 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table compares certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and other supplemental information for fiscal 2024 and 2023 amounts in millions, unless otherwise stated). For more information regarding results of operations by operating segment, see Segments in this MD A. Years ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Revenues: Home sales 10,563.3 9,866.0 7 Land sales and other 283.4 128.9 10,846.7 9,994.9 9 Cost of revenues: Home sales 7,753.4 7,207.3 8 Land sales and other 70.9 153.5 7,824.3 7,360.7 6 Selling, general and administrative 982.3 909.4 8 Income from operations 2,040.2 1,724.8 18 Other: (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities (23.8) 50.1 (148) Other income - net 69.3 67.5 3 Income before income taxes 2,085.6 1,842.4 13 Income tax provision 514.4 470.3 9 Net income 1,571.2 1,372.1 15 Supplemental information: Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 73.4 73.1 Land sales and other cost of revenues as a percentage of land sales and other revenues 25.0 119.1 SG A as a percentage of home sales revenues 9.3 9.2 Effective tax rate 24.7 25.5 Deliveries units 10,813 9,597 13 Deliveries average sales price (in 000s) 976.9 1,028.0 (5) Net contracts signed value 10,072.6 7,907.8 27 Net contracts signed units 10,231 8,077 27 Net contracts signed average sales price (in 000s) 984.5 979.1 1 At October 31, 2024 2023 Change Backlog value 6,467.8 6,945.3 (7) Backlog units 5,996 6,578 (9) Backlog average sales price (in 000s) 1,078.7 1,055.8 2 
 Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add. Net contracts signed value is net of all cancellations that occurred in the period. It includes the value of each binding agreement of sale that was signed in the period, plus the value of all options that were selected during the period, regardless of when the initial agreements of sale related to such options were signed. 
 A discussion and analysis regarding Results of Operations and Analysis of Financial Condition for the year ended October 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended October 31, 2022, is included in Part II, Item 7, MD A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on December 21, 2023. 
 30 

FISCAL 2024 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2023 
 Home Sales Revenues and Home Sales Cost of Revenues 
 The increase in home sales revenues in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was attributable to a 13 increase in the number of homes delivered, offset, in part, by a 5 decrease in the average price of homes delivered. The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to higher backlog conversion and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered in fiscal 2024, offset, in part, by a decrease in the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022. The decrease in the average delivered home price was mainly due to increase in homes delivered in less expensive product types/geographic regions. 
 Home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of homes sales revenues, in fiscal 2024 was 73.4 , as compared to 73.1 in fiscal 2023. The increase in fiscal 2024 was principally due to a shift in the mix of revenues to lower margin products/areas and increased inventory impairment charges, offset, in part, by lower interest expense as a percentage of home sales revenues. We recognized inventory impairments and write-offs of 59.4 million, or 0.6 of home sales revenues, and 30.7 million, or 0.3 of home sales revenues, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. Interest cost in fiscal 2024 was 129.0 million, or 1.2 of home sales revenues, as compared to 139.4 million, or 1.4 of home sales revenues in fiscal 2023. 
 Land Sales and Other Revenues and Land Sales and Other Cost of Revenues 
 Our revenues from land sales and other generally consist of the following: (1) land sales to joint ventures in which we retain an interest; (2) lot sales to third-party builders within our master-planned communities; (3) bulk land sales to third parties of land we have decided no longer meets our development criteria; (4) sales of land parcels to third parties (typically because there is a superior economic use of the property); and (5) sales of commercial and retail properties generally located at our urban luxury condominium communities. Land sales to joint ventures in which we retain an interest are generally sold at our land basis and therefore little to no gross margin is earned on these sales. 
 The increase in land sales and other cost of revenues as a percentage of land sales and other revenues in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the sale of a single land parcel to a commercial developer in our second quarter for net cash proceeds of 180.7 million, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of 175.2 million. In addition, we incurred lower impairment charges in fiscal 2024. We recognized 4.4 million of impairment charges in fiscal 2024 in connection with planned land sales. This compares to 30.6 million of land sales and other impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses SG A 
 SG A spending increased by 72.8 million in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023. As a percentage of home sales revenues, SG A was 9.3 and 9.2 in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The dollar increase in SG A was primarily due to an increase in variable spending such as selling expenses associated with increased home sales revenues. The increase in SG A as a percentage of home sales revenues was primarily due to general cost inflation. 
 Income from Unconsolidated Entities 
 We recognize our proportionate share of the earnings and losses from the various unconsolidated entities in which we have an investment. Many of our unconsolidated entities are land development projects, high-rise/mid-rise condominium construction projects, or for-rent apartment projects and for-rent single-family home projects, which do not generate revenues and earnings for a number of years during the development of the property. Once development is complete for land development projects and high-rise/mid-rise condominium construction projects, these unconsolidated entities will generally, over a relatively short period of time, generate revenues and earnings until all of the assets of the entity are sold. Further, once for-rent apartments and for-rent single-family home projects are complete and stabilized, we often monetize a portion of these projects through a recapitalization or a sale of all or a portion of our ownership interest in the joint venture, resulting in an income-producing event. Because of the long development periods associated with these projects, the earnings recognized from these entities may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. 
 For our Rental Property Joint Ventures specifically, these entities typically generate operating losses until the related property reaches stabilization. For the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, our earnings related to the Rental Property Joint Ventures include approximately 50.3 million and 32.9 million, respectively, of our share of net operating losses incurred by these joint ventures, of which approximately 29.8 million and 26.1 million, respectively, was our share of the depreciation expense recognized by these joint ventures. 
 We recognized a loss from unconsolidated entities of 23.8 million in fiscal 2024, as compared to income of 50.1 million in fiscal 2023. This decrease was mainly due to 50.9 million of gains recognized in fiscal 2023 related to property sales compared to 24.1 million of such gains in fiscal 2024. We also recognized a 16.0 million gain as the result of the sale of our ownership interest in a Rental Property Joint Venture in fiscal 2023. No similar sales occurred in fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2024 was 
 31 

also impacted by higher losses incurred by various Rental Property Joint Ventures, reduced income at one Home Building Joint Venture due to its underlying assets being sold out, lower earnings from a Land Development Joint Venture due to reduced sales volume, and an increase in other-than-temporary impairment charges recognized. We recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges in fiscal 2024 of 6.6 million related to two investments in Rental Property Joint Ventures. No similar impairment charges were recognized in fiscal 2023. 
 Other Income - Net 
 The table below provides the components of Other Income net for the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (amounts in thousands): 2024 2023 Interest income 38,497 35,133 Income from ancillary businesses 19,534 2,846 Management fee income earned by home building operations 
 4,297 4,462 Gain on litigation settlements net 27,683 Other 6,968 (2,606) Total other income net 
 69,296 67,518 
 The increase in income from ancillary businesses in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to higher earnings from our mortgage and title operations due to increased closing volume and a 4.4 million gain from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts by our smart home technology business, offset, in part, by higher operating losses incurred in our apartment living operations. In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we also recognized 8.9 million and 8.4 million, respectively, of write-offs related to previously incurred costs that we believed not to be recoverable in our apartment living operations. 
 In fiscal 2024 and 2023, income from ancillary businesses included management fees earned on our apartment rental development, high-rise urban luxury condominium, and other unconsolidated entities and operations totaling 35.7 million and 34.7 million, respectively. 
 In fiscal 2023, the gain on litigation settlements - net primarily related to the settlement of an insurance claim. 
 The increase in other in fiscal 2024 was principally due to a 5.0 million gain related to an investment we held in a privately held company that sold substantially all of its assets to a third party during the year. 
 Income Before Income Taxes 
 In fiscal 2024, we reported income before income taxes of 2.09 billion, or 19.2 of revenues, as compared to 1.84 billion, or 18.4 of revenues, in fiscal 2023. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 We recognized a 514.4 million income tax provision in fiscal 2024. Based upon the federal statutory rate of 21.0 for fiscal 2024, our federal tax provision would have been 438.0 million. The difference between the tax provision recognized and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was mainly due to the provision for state income taxes of 103.9 million, 2.7 million of other permanent differences, and a 2.6 million increase in unrecognized tax benefits, offset, in part, by a benefit of 17.5 million from excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, 2.1 million of reversal of accruals for uncertain tax positions and 13.0 million of miscellaneous and other deferred tax adjustments. 
 We recognized a 470.3 million income tax provision in fiscal 2023. Based upon the federal statutory rate of 21.0 for fiscal 2023, our federal tax provision would have been 386.9 million. The difference between the tax provision recognized and the tax provision based on the federal statutory rate was mainly due to the provision for state income taxes of 90.7 million and a 2.2 million increase in unrecognized tax benefits, offset, in part, by a benefit of 7.3 million from excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, 2.8 million of other permanent differences, and a 2.3 million benefit of federal energy efficient home credits. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Funding for our business has been, and continues to be, provided principally by cash flow from operating activities before inventory additions, credit arrangements with third parties, and the public capital markets. 
 Our cash flows from operations generally provide us with a significant source of liquidity. Our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, have been sufficient to fund our 
 32 

operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our Company. Our primary uses of cash include inventory additions in the form of land acquisitions and deposits to obtain control of land, land development, working capital to fund day-to-day operations, and investments in existing and future unconsolidated joint ventures. We may also use cash to fund capital expenditures such as investments in our information technology systems. We also use cash to pay dividends on our common stock, to repay debt and make share repurchases. We believe our sources of cash and liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our strategic operating initiatives, repay debt, fund our share repurchases and pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had 1.30 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand and approximately 1.77 billion available for borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility provides us with a committed borrowing capacity of 1.955 billion, which we have the ability to increase up to 3.00 billion with the consent of lenders, and is scheduled to mature on February 14, 2028. Toll Brothers, Inc. and substantially all of its 100 -owned home building subsidiaries are guarantors of the borrower s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility. We are also a party to a 650.0 million unsecured Term Loan Facility, of which 487.5 million matures February 14, 2028, 101.6 million matures on November 1, 2025 and the remaining 60.9 million matures on November 1, 2026. 
 Short-term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 In fiscal 2025, we expect our principal demand for funds will be for inventory additions (in the form of land acquisition, land development, home construction costs, and deposits to control land, which could occur directly or indirectly through builder acquisitions), operating expenses, including our general and administrative expenses, investments and funding of capital improvements, investments in existing and future unconsolidated joint ventures, repayment of community level debt, common stock repurchases, and dividend payments. Demand for funds include interest and principal payments on current and future debt financing. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements primarily through our cash and cash equivalents on hand and net cash flows provided by operations. Additional sources of funds include distributions from our unconsolidated joint ventures, borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility and borrowings from banks and other lenders. 
 We believe we will have sufficient liquidity available to fund our business needs, commitments and contractual obligations in a timely manner for the next twelve months. We may, however, seek additional financing to fund future growth or refinance our existing indebtedness through the debt capital markets, but we cannot be assured that such financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Long-term Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Beyond fiscal 2025, our principal demands for funds will be for the payments of the principal amount of our long-term debt as it becomes due or matures, land purchases and inventory additions needed to grow our business, long-term capital investments and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, common stock repurchases, and dividend payments. 
 Over the longer term, to the extent the sources of capital described above are insufficient to meet our needs, we may also conduct additional public offerings of our securities, refinance debt or dispose of certain assets to fund our operating activities and debt service. We expect these resources will be adequate to fund our ongoing operating activities as well as provide capital for investment in future land purchases and related development activities and future joint ventures. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 We are a party to many agreements that include contractual obligations and commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Certain contractual obligations are reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2024, while others are considered future commitments. Our contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, payments due on our mortgage company loan facility, purchase obligations related to expected acquisition of land under purchase agreements and land development agreements (many of which are secured by letters of credit or surety bonds), operating leases, obligations under our deferred compensation plan, and obligations under our supplemental executive retirement plans. We also enter into certain short-term lease commitments, commitments to fund our existing or future unconsolidated joint ventures, letters of credit and other purchase obligations in the normal course of business. For more information regarding our primary obligations, refer to Note 6, Loans Payable, Senior Notes, and Mortgage Company Loan Facility, and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for amounts outstanding as of October 31, 2024, related to debt and commitments and contingencies, respectively. 
 We also operate through a number of joint ventures and have undertaken various commitments as a result of those arrangements. At October 31, 2024, we had investments in these entities of 1.01 billion, and were committed to invest or advance up to an additional 312.8 million to these entities if they require additional funding. At October 31, 2024, we had agreed to terms for the acquisition of 316 home sites from four joint ventures for an estimated aggregate purchase price of 26.8 
 33 

million. In addition, we expect to purchase approximately 9,000 additional home sites over a number of years from several joint ventures in which we have interests. The purchase price of these home sites will be determined at a future date. 
 The unconsolidated joint ventures in which we have investments generally finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, we and our joint venture partner have guaranteed debt of unconsolidated entities. These guarantees may include any or all of the following: (i) project completion guarantees, including any cost overruns; (ii) repayment guarantees, generally covering a percentage of the outstanding loan; (iii) carry cost guarantees, which cover costs such as interest, real estate taxes, and insurance; (iv) environmental indemnities provided to lenders that holds them harmless from and against losses arising from the discharge of hazardous materials from the property and non-compliance with applicable environmental laws; and (v) indemnifications of lenders from bad boy acts of the unconsolidated entity. 
 In these situations where we have joint and several guarantees with our joint venture partner, we generally seek to implement a reimbursement agreement with our partner that provides that neither party is responsible for more than its proportionate share or agreed-upon share of the guarantee; however, we are not always successful. In addition, if the joint venture partner does not have adequate financial resources to meet its obligations under such a reimbursement agreement, we may be liable for more than our proportionate share. We believe that, as of October 31, 2024, in the event we had become legally obligated to perform under a guarantee of the obligation of an unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event, the collateral in such entity should be sufficient to repay all or a significant portion of the obligation. If it is not, we and our partners would need to contribute additional capital to the entity. At October 31, 2024, we had guaranteed the debt of certain unconsolidated entities that have loan commitments aggregating 3.03 billion, of which, if the full amount of the debt obligations were borrowed, we estimate 646.9 million to be our maximum exposure related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. At October 31, 2024, the unconsolidated entities had borrowed an aggregate of 2.20 billion, of which we estimate 560.4 million to be our maximum exposure related to repayment and carry cost guarantees. The terms of these guarantees generally range from 1 month to 3.0 years. These maximum exposure estimates do not take into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners, nor do they include any potential exposures related to project completion guarantees or the indemnities noted above, which are not estimable. 
 For more information regarding these joint ventures, see Note 4, Investments in Unconsolidated Entities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K. 
 Debt Service Requirements 
 Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced profile of debt maturities, and to manage our exposure to floating interest rate volatility. 
 Outside of the normal course of operations, one of our principal liquidity needs is the payment of principal and interest on outstanding indebtedness. We are required by the terms of certain loan documents to meet certain covenants, such as financial ratios and reporting requirements. As of October 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all such covenants and requirements on our term loan, credit facility and other loans payable. Refer to Note 6, Loans Payable, Senior Notes, and Mortgage Company Loan Facility in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15(a)1 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was 1.01 billion. Cash provided by operating activities was generated primarily from: (1) 1.57 billion of net income plus the following non-cash activities: 81.2 million of depreciation and amortization, a net deferred tax benefit of 80.3 million, 72.8 million of impairments and write-offs, 29.6 million of stock-based compensation, 23.8 million of losses from unconsolidated entities; and (2) 39.3 million of distributions received from unconsolidated entities and 31.9 million in current income taxes, net. This activity was offset, in part, by an increase of 575.7 million in inventory, a decrease of 77.2 million in net customer deposits; 78.5 million in mortgage loan originations, net of sales, and a decrease of 21.8 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was 1.27 billion. Cash provided by operating activities was generated primarily from: (1) 1.37 billion of net income plus the following non-cash activities: 76.5 million of depreciation and amortization, 69.5 million of impairments and write-offs, 24.8 million of stock-based compensation, 50.1 million of income earned from unconsolidated entities; and a net deferred tax expense of 36.2 million and (2) 88.4 million of distributions received from unconsolidated entities and 78.9 million in mortgage loan sales, net of originations. This activity was offset, in part, by a decrease of 162.6 million in current income taxes, net; an increase of 135.9 million in receivables, prepaid assets, and other assets; a decrease of 88.3 million in net customer deposits; a decrease of 23.7 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses; and an increase of 22.2 million in inventory. 
 34 

Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was 167.6 million, primarily related to 193.2 million used to fund our investments in unconsolidated entities and 73.6 million for the purchase of property and equipment. This activity was offset, in part, by 101.4 million of cash received as returns from our investments in unconsolidated entities. 
 Cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2023 was 150.6 million, primarily related to 216.4 million used to fund our investments in unconsolidated entities and 73.0 million for the purchase of property and equipment. This activity was offset, in part, by 112.7 million of cash received as returns from our investments in unconsolidated entities and 26.0 million of cash proceeds from the sale of assets, including ownership interests in unconsolidated entities. 
 Financing Activities 
 We used 816.5 million of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2024, primarily for the repurchase of 627.1 million of our common stock; payments of 100.1 million of loans payable, net of new borrowings; and the payment of dividends on our common stock of 93.4 million. This activity was offset by 4.1 million of proceeds from stock-based benefit plans. 
 We used 1.17 billion of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2023, primarily for the repurchase of 561.6 million of our common stock; the redemption of 400.0 million of senior notes; payments of 160.3 million of loans payable, net of new borrowings; the payment of dividends on our common stock of 91.1 million and 5.4 million of payments for debt issuance costs. This activity was offset by 48.3 million of proceeds from stock-based benefit plans. 
 INFLATION 
 The long-term impact of inflation on us is manifested in increased costs for land, land development, construction, and overhead. We generally enter into contracts to acquire land a significant period of time before development and sales efforts begin. Accordingly, to the extent land acquisition costs are fixed, subsequent increases or decreases in the sales prices of homes will affect our profits. Because the sales price of each of our homes is fixed at the time a buyer enters into a contract to purchase a home and because we contract to sell a substantial number of our homes before we begin construction, any inflation of costs in excess of those anticipated would likely result in lower gross margins for these homes. We generally attempt to minimize that effect by entering into fixed-price contracts with our subcontractors and material suppliers for specified periods of time, which generally do not exceed one year. 
 
 In general, housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates and other housing costs. Additionally, interest rates, the length of time that land remains in inventory, and the proportion of inventory that is financed affect our interest costs. If we are unable to raise sales prices enough to compensate for higher costs, or if mortgage rates increase significantly, affecting prospective buyers ability to adequately finance home purchases, our home sales revenues, gross margins, and net income could be adversely affected. Increases in sales prices, whether the result of inflation or demand, may affect the ability of prospective buyers to afford new homes. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry - Significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation could adversely affect our business and financial results in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR INFORMATION 
 At October 31, 2024, our 100 -owned subsidiary, Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the Subsidiary Issuer ), had issued and outstanding 1.60 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing on various dates between November 15, 2025 and November 1, 2029 (the Senior Notes ). For further information regarding the Senior Notes, see Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements under the caption Senior Notes. 
 The obligations of the Subsidiary Issuer to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest are guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and substantially all of its 100 -owned home building subsidiaries (the Guarantor Subsidiaries and, together with us, the Guarantors ). The guarantees are full and unconditional, and the Subsidiary Issuer and each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are consolidated subsidiaries of Toll Brothers, Inc. Our non-home building subsidiaries and several of our home building subsidiaries (together, the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries do not guarantee the Senior Notes. The Subsidiary Issuer generates no operating revenues and does not have any independent operations other than the financing of our other subsidiaries by lending the proceeds of its public debt offerings, including the Senior Notes. Our home building operations are conducted almost entirely through the Guarantor Subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Subsidiary Issuer s cash flow and ability to service the Senior Notes is dependent upon the earnings of the Company s subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings to the Subsidiary Issuer, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the Senior Notes have a direct claim only against the Subsidiary Issuer and the Guarantors. The obligations of the Guarantors under their guarantees will be limited as necessary to recognize certain defenses generally available to guarantors (including those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, voidable preference or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally) under applicable law. 
 35 

The indentures under which the Senior Notes were issued provide that any of our subsidiaries that provide a guarantee of our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility will guarantee the Senior Notes. The indentures further provide that any Guarantor Subsidiary may be released from its guarantee so long as (i) no default or event of default exists or would result from release of such guarantee; (ii) the Guarantor Subsidiary being released has consolidated net worth of less than 5 of the Company s consolidated net worth as of the end of our most recent fiscal quarter; (iii) the Guarantor Subsidiaries released from their guarantees in any fiscal year comprise in the aggregate less than 10 (or 15 if and to the extent necessary to permit the cure of a default) of our consolidated net worth as of the end of our most recent fiscal quarter; (iv) such release would not have a material adverse effect on ours and our subsidiaries home building business; and (v) the Guarantor Subsidiary is released from its guaranty under the Revolving Credit Facility. If there are no guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility, all Guarantor Subsidiaries under the indentures will be released from their guarantees. 
 The following summarized financial information is presented for Toll Brothers, Inc., the Subsidiary Issuer, and the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among Toll Brothers, Inc., the Subsidiary Issuer and the Guarantor Subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 Summarized Balance Sheet Data (amounts in millions) October 31, 2024 Assets Cash 1,170.6 Inventory 9,594.5 Amount due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 725.6 Total assets 12,242.5 Liabilities Stockholders' Equity Loans payable 968.4 Senior notes 1,597.1 Total liabilities 4,952.9 Stockholders' equity 7,289.6 
 Summarized Statement of Operations Data (amounts in millions) For the year ended October 31, 2024 Revenues 10,673.2 Cost of revenues 7,687.0 Selling, general and administrative 975.7 Income before income taxes 2,048.6 Net income 1,543.3 

SEGMENTS 
 During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we operated in five geographic segments, with operations generally located in the states listed below: 
 The North region: Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania; 
 The Mid-Atlantic region: Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia; 
 The South region: Florida, South Carolina and Texas 
 The Mountain region: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada and Utah; and 
 The Pacific region: California, Oregon and Washington. 
 Our geographic reporting segments are consistent with how our chief operating decision makers are assessing operating performance and allocating capital. The following tables summarize information related to revenues, net contracts signed, and 
 36 

income (loss) before income taxes by segment for fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Information related to backlog and assets by segment at October 31, 2024 and 2023 has also been provided. 
 Units Delivered and Revenues: Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 Revenues in millions) Units Delivered Average Delivered Price in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change North 1,484.3 1,494.1 (1) 1,522 1,577 (3) 975.2 947.4 3 Mid-Atlantic 1,422.0 1,175.3 21 1,512 1,067 42 940.5 1,101.5 (15) South 2,787.4 2,204.8 26 3,316 2,597 28 840.6 849.0 (1) Mountain 2,590.4 2,660.7 (3) 2,984 2,897 3 868.1 918.4 (5) Pacific 2,279.1 2,329.4 (2) 1,479 1,459 1 1,541.0 1,596.6 (3) Total home building 10,563.2 9,864.3 7 10,813 9,597 13 976.9 1,027.9 (5) Other 0.1 1.7 Total home sales revenue 10,563.3 9,866.0 7 10,813 9,597 13 976.9 1,028.0 (5) Land sales and other revenue 283.4 128.9 Total revenue 10,846.7 9,994.9 

Net Contracts Signed: Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 Net Contract Value in millions) Net Contracted Units Average Contracted Price in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change North 1,456.8 1,336.9 9 1,421 1,411 1 1,025.2 947.5 8 Mid-Atlantic 1,292.0 1,165.5 11 1,353 1,170 16 954.9 996.2 (4) South 2,498.2 1,938.3 29 3,007 2,386 26 830.8 812.4 2 Mountain 2,655.0 1,633.1 63 3,002 1,950 54 884.4 837.5 6 Pacific 2,170.6 1,834.0 18 1,448 1,160 25 1,499.0 1,581.0 (5) Total consolidated 10,072.6 7,907.8 27 10,231 8,077 27 984.5 979.1 1 
 
 Backlog at October 31: October 31, 2024 Compared to October 31, 2023 Backlog Value in millions) Backlog Units Average Backlog Price in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change North 937.5 964.1 (3) 855 956 (11) 1,096.5 1,008.5 9 Mid-Atlantic 824.8 953.0 (13) 786 945 (17) 1,049.4 1,008.4 4 South 1,807.5 2,093.4 (14) 2,003 2,312 (13) 902.4 905.5 Mountain 1,645.5 1,577.7 4 1,595 1,577 1 1,031.7 1,000.5 3 Pacific 1,252.5 1,357.1 (8) 757 788 (4) 1,654.6 1,722.2 (4) Total consolidated 6,467.8 6,945.3 (7) 5,996 6,578 (9) 1,078.7 1,055.8 2 

37 

Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes amounts in millions): 2024 2023 Change 2024 vs 2023 North 252.7 197.4 28 Mid-Atlantic 471.5 243.5 94 South 578.0 416.7 39 Mountain 446.2 517.1 (14) Pacific 541.8 610.1 (11) Total home building 2,290.2 1,984.8 15 Corporate and other (204.6) (142.4) (44) Total consolidated 2,085.6 1,842.4 13 
 Corporate and other is comprised principally of general corporate expenses such as our executive offices; the corporate finance, accounting, audit, tax, human resources, risk management, information technology, marketing, and legal groups; interest income; income from certain of our ancillary businesses, including our apartment rental development business and our high-rise urban luxury condominium operations; and income from our Rental Property Joint Ventures and Other Joint Ventures. 
 Total Assets amounts in millions): At October 31, 2024 2023 North 1,425.7 1,281.4 Mid-Atlantic 1,445.0 1,323.4 South 2,514.4 2,399.1 Mountain 2,950.8 2,666.9 Pacific 2,266.8 2,175.8 Total home building 10,602.8 9,846.6 Corporate and other 2,765.2 2,680.4 Total consolidated 13,367.9 12,527.0 
 Note: Due to rounding, amounts may not add. 
 Corporate and other is comprised principally of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, investments in our Rental Property Joint Ventures, expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers, manufacturing facilities, our apartment rental development operations, and our mortgage and title subsidiaries. 
 A discussion and analysis regarding our Segments Results of Operations and Analysis of Financial Condition for the year ended October 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended October 31, 2022 is included in Part II, Item 7, MD A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on December 21, 2023. 
 38 

FISCAL 2024 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2023 
 North Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Units Delivered and Home Sales Revenues: Home sales revenues in millions) 1,484.3 1,494.1 (1) Units delivered 1,522 1,577 (3) Average delivered price in thousands) 
 975.2 947.4 3 Net Contracts Signed: Net contract value in millions) 1,456.8 1,336.9 9 Net contracted units 1,421 1,411 1 Average contracted price in thousands) 
 1,025.2 947.5 8 Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 
 76.8 79.4 Income before income taxes in millions) 
 252.7 197.4 28 Number of selling communities at October 31, 43 40 8 
 The decrease in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due to a decrease in the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022, offset, in part by a higher backlog conversion in fiscal 2024 and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered. The increase in the average delivered price in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to more expensive areas and/or products, as well as sales price increases. 
 The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to an increase in the number of selling communities in fiscal 2024. The increase in the average value of each contract signed in the fiscal 2024 period was primarily due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products and a decrease in average sales incentives in fiscal 2024. 
 The increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2024 was principally attributable to lower home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, and decreased SG A spend, partially offset by lower income from unconsolidated entities. The decrease in home sales costs of revenues, as a percentage of home sale revenues, in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in product mix/areas to higher-margin areas and lower interest expense as a percentage of home sales revenue. The decrease in income from unconsolidated entities was principally due to one joint venture delivering its final home in fiscal 2023. In addition, we recognized 15.6 million of land impairment charges in fiscal 2023 in connection with planned land sales. No similar charges were recognized in fiscal 2024. 
 39 

Mid-Atlantic Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Units Delivered and Home Sales Revenues: Home sales revenues in millions) 1,422.0 1,175.3 21 Units delivered 1,512 1,067 42 Average delivered price in thousands) 
 940.5 1,101.5 (15) Net Contracts Signed: Net contract value in millions) 1,292.0 1,165.5 11 Net contracted units 1,353 1,170 16 Average contracted price in thousands) 
 954.9 996.2 (4) Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 72.4 71.9 Income before income taxes in millions) 471.5 243.5 94 Number of selling communities at October 31, 
 52 43 21 
 The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due to an increase in the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022, higher backlog conversion, and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered in fiscal 2024. The decrease in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to less expensive areas and/or products, as well as an increase in the number of spec homes delivered. 
 The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to an increase in the number of selling communities, partially offset by a modestly lower community sales pace. The decrease in the average value of each contract signed in fiscal 2024 was mainly due to shifts in the number of contracts signed to less expensive areas and/or products and an increase in average sales incentives. 
 The increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due the sale of a land parcel to a commercial developer that resulted in a pre-tax gain of 175.2 million and higher earnings from increased revenues, offset, in part, with higher home sales costs of revenues, as a percentage of home sale revenues, and increased SG A spend. The increase in home sales costs of revenues, as a percentage of home sale revenues, in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in product mix/areas to lower-margin areas. 
 Inventory impairment charges were 15.2 million and 15.9 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, in fiscal 2024 and 2023 we recognized 0.6 million and 10.3 million, respectively, in land impairment charges included in land sales and other cost of revenues in connection with planned land sales. 
 40 

South Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Units Delivered and Home Sales Revenues: Home sales revenues in millions) 2,787.4 2,204.8 26 Units delivered 3,316 2,597 28 Average delivered price in thousands) 
 840.6 849.0 (1) Net Contracts Signed: Net contract value in millions) 2,498.2 1,938.3 29 Net contracted units 3,007 2,386 26 Average contracted price in thousands) 
 830.8 812.4 2 Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 71.7 73.5 Income before income taxes in millions) 
 578.0 416.7 39 Number of selling communities at October 31, 
 145 115 26 
 The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due to a higher backlog conversion and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered in fiscal 2024, partially offset by a decrease in the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022. The slight decrease in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to less expensive areas and/or products. 
 The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to an increase in the number of selling communities. The increase in the average value of each contract signed in fiscal 2024 was mainly due to a shift in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas, partially offset by an increase in average sales incentives. 
 The increase in income before income taxes in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to higher earnings from increased home sales revenues and lower home sales costs of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, offset, in part, by higher SG A costs resulting from increased sales volume. The decrease in home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, was mainly due to a shift in product mix/areas to higher-margin areas and lower interest expense as a percentage of home sales revenue, offset by higher inventory impairment changes in fiscal 2024. Inventory impairment charges were 3.4 million and 1.8 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Mountain Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Units Delivered and Home Sales Revenues: Home sales revenues in millions) 2,590.4 2,660.7 (3) Units delivered 2,984 2,897 3 Average delivered price in thousands) 
 868.1 918.4 (5) Net Contracts Signed: Net contract value in millions) 2,655.0 1,633.1 63 Net contracted units 3,002 1,950 54 Average contracted price in thousands) 
 884.4 837.5 6 Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 76.5 74.0 Income before income taxes in millions) 
 446.2 517.1 (14) Number of selling communities at October 31, 
 117 120 (3) 
 The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due to higher backlog conversion and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered in fiscal 2024, partially offset by a decrease in the number of 
 41 

homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022. The decrease in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a shift in the number of homes delivered to less expensive areas or product types. 
 The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to improved demand in fiscal 2024, offset, in part, by a decrease in the number of selling communities. The increase in the average value of each contract signed in fiscal 2024 was mainly due to shifts in the number of contracts signed to more expensive areas and/or products, partially offset by an increase in average sales incentives. 
 The decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due lower earnings from decreased revenues, higher home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, and increased SG A spend, partially offset by higher earnings from land sales and other revenues. The increase in home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, was primarily due to a shift in product mix/areas to lower-margin areas and lower interest expense as a percentage of home sales revenues, and higher inventory impairment charges. Inventory impairment charges were 26.0 million and 5.7 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Pacific Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change Units Delivered and Home Sales Revenues: Home sales revenues in millions) 2,279.1 2,329.4 (2) Units delivered 1,479 1,459 1 Average delivered price in thousands) 
 1,541.0 1,596.6 (3) Net Contracts Signed: Net contract value in millions) 2,170.6 1,834.0 18 Net contracted units 1,448 1,160 25 Average contracted price in thousands) 
 1,499.0 1,581.0 (5) Home sales cost of revenues as a percentage of home sales revenues 70.2 67.9 Income before income taxes in millions) 
 541.8 610.1 (11) Number of selling communities at October 31, 
 51 52 (2) 
 The increase in the number of homes delivered in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was mainly due to higher backlog conversion and an increase in the number of spec homes delivered in fiscal 2024, partially offset by a decrease in the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2023, as compared to the number of homes in backlog at October 31, 2022. The decrease in the average price of homes delivered in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to higher sales incentives and a shift in the number of homes delivered to less expensive areas and/or product types. 
 The increase in the number of net contracts signed in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was principally due to an increase in demand in fiscal 2024, partially offset by an decrease in the number of selling communities. The decrease in the average value of each contract signed in fiscal 2024 was mainly due to a shift in the number of contracts signed in less expensive areas or product types, offset, in part, by a decrease in average sale incentives. 
 The decrease in income before income taxes in fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, was primarily due to lower earnings from decreased revenues and higher home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues. The increase in home sales cost of revenues, as a percentage of home sales revenues, was primarily due to a shift in product mix/areas to lower-margin areas and an increase in inventory impairment charges, partially offset by lower interest expense as a percentage of home sales revenues. Inventory impairment charges were 13.7 million and 6.7 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, we recognized a 2.2 million impairment charge in land sales and other cost of revenues in fiscal 2023 in connection with a planned land sale. No similar charges were recognized in fiscal 2024. 
 Corporate and Other 
 In fiscal 2024 and 2023, loss before income taxes was 204.6 million and 142.4 million respectively. The increase in the loss before income taxes in fiscal 2024 was principally due to 27.7 million of gains from litigation settlements - net, recognized in fiscal 2023, which did not recur in fiscal 2024. In addition, fiscal 2023 was positively impacted by 50.9 million of gains 
 42 

recognized from property sales by two of our Rental Property Joint Ventures and a 16.0 million gain from the sale of our ownership interest in one of our Rental Property Joint Ventures. The fiscal 2024 period was positively impacted by a 5.0 million gain related to our investment in a privately held company that sold substantially all of its assets to a third party; a 4.4 million gain from a bulk sale of security monitoring accounts by our smart home technology business; higher earnings from our mortgage and title company operations primarily due to increased volume; offset by higher losses by various Rental Property Joint Ventures. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk primarily due to fluctuations in interest rates. We incur both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. For fixed-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair market value of the debt instrument, but not our earnings or cash flow. Conversely, for variable-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not affect the fair market value of the debt instrument, but do affect our earnings and cash flow. We do not have the obligation to prepay fixed-rate debt prior to maturity, and, as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair market value should not have a significant impact on our fixed-rate debt until we are required or elect to refinance it. 
 The following table shows our debt obligations by scheduled maturity, weighted-average interest rates, and estimated fair value as of October 31, 2024 amounts in thousands): Fixed-rate debt Variable-rate debt (a) 
 Fiscal year of maturity Amount Weighted- average interest rate ) Amount Weighted- average interest rate ) 2025 165,472 5.17 185,024 6.72 2026 412,922 4.98 178,277 6.62 2027 493,194 4.89 60,937 5.73 2028 410,488 4.30 487,500 5.73 2029 409,820 3.77 Thereafter (b) 
 41,759 3.46 Bond discounts, premiums, and deferred issuance costs - net (10,322) (2,152) Total 1,923,333 4.56 909,586 6.12 Fair value at October 31, 2024 1,880,418 911,738 
 (a) Based upon the amount of variable-rate debt outstanding at October 31, 2024, and holding the variable-rate debt balance constant, each 1 increase in interest rates would increase the interest incurred by us by approximately 9.1 million per year, without consideration of the Company s interest rate swap transactions. 
 (b) In November 2020, we entered into interest rate swap transactions to hedge 400.0 million of the 650.0 million Term Loan Facility, which is included in the variable-rate debt column in the table above. The interest rate swaps effectively fix the interest cost on the 400.0 million at 0.369 plus the spread set forth in the pricing schedule in the Term Loan Facility through October 2025. The spread was as of October 31, 2024. These interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements, listed in Item 15(a)(1) beginning on page F-1 of this report are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 43 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Any controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected; however, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of management, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report Evaluation Date ). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting on pa ges F-1 and F-2, re spectively, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our quarter ended October 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, . 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following table includes information with respect to all persons serving as executive officers as of the date of this Form 10-K. All executive officers serve at the pleasure of our Board of Directors. Name Age Positions Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 64 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Robert Parahus 61 President and Chief Operating Officer Martin P. Connor 60 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. joined us in 1990, specializing in land acquisitions and project finance. He has been an officer since 1994, holding the position of Senior Vice President from January 2002 until November 2005, the position of Regional President from November 2005 until November 2009, and the position of Executive Vice President from November 2009 until June 2010, when he was promoted to Chief Executive Officer. On November 1, 2018, he was appointed to the position of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Yearley was first elected as a Director in June 2010. 
 Robert Parahus joined us in 1986 and served in various positions with us, including Regional President from 2006 through October 31, 2019. During this time, he oversaw the Company s home building operations in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Florida, and had oversight responsibility for Toll Integrated Systems, the Company s building component manufacturing operations. He was appointed to the position of Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer effective November 1, 2019, with responsibility for the Company s North, Mid-Atlantic, and South regions. Effective November 1, 2021, Mr. Parahus was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 Martin P. Connor joined us as Vice President and Assistant Chief Financial Officer in December 2008 and was appointed a Senior Vice President in December 2009. Mr. Connor was appointed to his current position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2010. From June 2008 to December 2008, Mr. Connor was President of Marcon Advisors LLC, a finance and accounting consulting firm that he founded. From October 2006 to June 2008, Mr. Connor was Chief Financial Officer and Director of Operations for O Neill Properties, a diversified commercial real estate developer in the Mid-Atlantic area. Prior to October 2006, he spent over 20 years at Ernst Young LLP as an Audit and Advisory Business Services Partner, responsible for the real estate practice for Ernst Young LLP in the Philadelphia marketplace. During the period from 1998 to 2005, he served on the Toll Brothers, Inc. audit engagement. Mr. Connor is a director of Univest Financial Corporation, a publicly traded banking and financial services provider serving customers primarily in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and persons performing similar functions designated by our Board of Directors. The Code of Ethics is available on our Internet website at www.tollbrothers.com under Investor Relations Corporate Governance. If we were to amend or waive any provision of our Code of Ethics, we intend to satisfy our disclosure obligations with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on our Internet website set forth above rather than by filing a Form 8-K. 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 The Company has an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company s securities that applies to all Company personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons, as well as the Company itself. The Company also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities. The Company believes that its insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company s is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K. 
 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors and officers. We have also entered into individual indemnification agreements with each of our directors. 
 The remaining information required by this Item 10 will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Proxy Statement ), and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 45 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Executive Compensation section of our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required in this item will be included in the Voting Securities and Beneficial Ownership and Equity Compensation Plan Information sections of our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required in this item will be included in the Corporate Governance and Certain Relationships and Transactions sections of our 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required in this item will be included in the Ratification of the Re-Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm section of the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

46 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules Page 1. Financial Statements Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 1 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 None 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes hereto. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are included with this report or incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 8, 2005, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2005. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2010. 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of March 16, 2011, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2011. 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of March 8, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2016. 
 3.5 By-Laws of Toll Brothers, Inc., as Amended and Restated June 13, 2023 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2023 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the Registrant and the other guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2012. 
 
 47 

Exhibit Number Description 4.3 Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of October 30, 2015, relating to the 350,000,000 principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2025 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a senior basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2015. 
 4.4 Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 4.875 Senior Notes due 2025 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2015. 
 4.5 Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of March 10, 2017, relating to the 300,000,000 principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a senior basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017. 
 4.6 Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2017. 
 4.7 Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of June 12, 2017, relating to the 150,000,000 principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp. guaranteed on a senior basis by the Registrant and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2017. 
 4.8 Form of Global Note for Toll Brothers Finance Corp. s 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2017 
 4.9 Authorizing Resolution, dated as of January 22, 2018, relating to the 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.350 Senior Notes due 2028 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., guaranteed on a senior basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2018. 
 4.10 Form of Global Note for the Issuer s 4.350 Senior Notes due 2028 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2018. 
 4.11 Authorizing Resolution, dated as of September 12, 2019, relating to the 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.800 Senior Notes due 2029 of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., guaranteed on a senior basis by Toll Brothers, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019. 
 4.12 Form of Global Note for the Issuer s 3.800 Senior Notes due 2029 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019. 
 4.13 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012. 
 4.14 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2013. 
 4.15 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2014. 
 4.16 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014. 
 
 48 

Exhibit Number Description 4.17 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2014. 
 4.18 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015. 
 4.19 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2015. 
 4.20 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2015. 
 4.21 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2016. 
 4.22 Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2016. 
 4.23 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.41 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
 4.24 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
 4.25 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2017. 
 4.26 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2017. 
 4.27 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017. 
 4.28 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017. 
 4.29 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.56 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017. 
 
 49 

Exhibit Number Description 4.30 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2018. 
 4.31 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2018. 
 4.32 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.62 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2018. 
 4.33 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2019, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2019. 
 4.34 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2019, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.41 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 4.35 Twenty-third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2019, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 4.36 Twenty-fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2020, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2020. 
 4.37 Twenty-fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2020, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.44 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2020. 
 4.38 Twenty-sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2021, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2021. 
 4.39 Twenty-seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2022, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2022. 
 4.40 Twenty-eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2022, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporate d by reference to Exhibit 4.43 of the Registrants s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022. 
 4.41 Twenty-ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2023, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporate d by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrants s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2023. 
 4.42 Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2023, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee, is hereby incorporate d by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrants s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2023. 
 
 50 

Exhibit Number Description 4.43 Thirty-first Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2023, to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor Trustee , is hereby incorporate d by re ference to Exhib it 4.43 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2023 . 
 4.44 Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2024 to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the party listed on Schedule A hereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor truste e , is hereby incorporate d by re ference to Exhi bit 4.1 of the Registra nt s Form 10-Q for the quarter en ded July 31, Apri l 30, 2024. 
 4.45 Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2024 to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the party listed on Schedule A hereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor truste e, is hereby incorporate d by re ference to Exhi bit 4.1 of the Regi strant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2024. 
 4.46 Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2024 to the Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 by and among the party listed on Schedule A hereto and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor trustee. 
 4.47 Description of Certain of Registrant s Securities is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.44 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd. as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2023 
 10.2 Credit Agreement by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent dated February 3, 2014, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2014 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2014, among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2016. 
 10.4 Amendment No. 2, dated August 2, 2016, to Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2014, as amended, by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the designated guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2016. 
 10.5 Amendment No. 3, dated November 1, 2018, to Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2014, as amended, by and among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the designated guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2018. 
 10.6 Amendment No. 4, dated as of October 31, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2014, as amended, by and First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the designated guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2019. 
 10.7 Amendment No. 5, dated as of February 14, 2023, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2014 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2016, Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 2, 2016, Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 1, 2018 and Amendment No. 4, dated as of October 31, 2019), among First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2023 
 
 51 

Exhibit Number Description 10.8 Term Loan Extension Agreements, effective as of October 31, 2020, with respect to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2014 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2016, Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 2, 2016, Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 1, 2018, and Amendment No. 4, dated as of November 1, 2019) among the Registrant, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2020. 
 10.9 Term Loan Extension Agreements, effective as of October 31, 2021, with respect to the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of February 3, 2014 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 19, 2016, Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 2, 2016, Amendment No. 3, dated as of November 1, 2018, and Amendment No. 4, dated as of November 1, 2019) among the Registrant, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Truist Bank (as successor by merger to SunTrust Bank), as Administrative Agent is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2020. 
 10.10 Toll Brothers, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2017) is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on January 31, 2017. 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 13, 2017, to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2017) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017. 
 10.12 Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 19, 2018, to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2017) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2018. 
 10.13 Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014) is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on February 3, 2014. 
 10.14 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 
 10.15 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
 10.16 Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) (amended and restated as of September 17, 2008) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-144230) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2008. 
 10.17 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2007. 
 10.18 Form of Addendum to Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2007. 
 10.19 Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Executive Directors (2016) is hereby incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2016. 
 10.20 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant (Non-Executive Directors), is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Executive Directors) pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10.22 Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2019. 
 
 52 

Exhibit Number Description 10.23 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 10.24 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 10.25 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance Based) pursuant to the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 10.26 Toll Brothers, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended effective as of October 29, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2019. 
 10.27 Toll Bros., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of November 1, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2008. 
 10.28 Amendment Number 1 dated November 1, 2010 to the Toll Bros., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of November 1, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2010. 
 10.29 Amendment Number 2 dated December 30, 2010 to the Toll Bros., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of November 1, 2008 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 
 10.30 Amendment Number 3 dated December 22, 2011 to the Toll Bros., Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of November 1, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Registrant s Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2014. 
 10.31 Toll Bros., Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective as of December 31, 2014, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015. 
 10.32 Toll Brothers, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2019. 
 10.33 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and the members of its Board of Directors, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2009. 
 19.1 Insider Trading Policy. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22 List of guarantor subsidiaries . 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Martin P. Connor pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Martin P. Connor pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 Compensation Clawback Policy . 
 
 53 

Exhibit Number Description 101 The following financial statements from Toll Brothers, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2024, filed on December 20, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. Filed electronically herewith. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves; they should not be relied on for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 54 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on December 20, 2024. 
 TOLL BROTHERS, INC. By: /s/ Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive December 20, 2024 Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Martin P. Connor Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer December 20, 2024 Martin P. Connor (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Michael J. Grubb Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting December 20, 2024 Michael J. Grubb Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Stephen F. East Director December 20, 2024 Stephen F. East /s/ Christine N. Garvey Director December 20, 2024 Christine N. Garvey /s/ Karen H. Grimes Director December 20, 2024 Karen H. Grimes /s/ Derek T. Kan Director December 20, 2024 Derek T. Kan /s/ John A. McLean Director December 20, 2024 John A. McLean /s/ Wendell E. Pritchett Director December 20, 2024 Wendell E. Pritchett /s/ Judith A. Reinsdorf Director December 20, 2024 Judith A. Reinsdorf 
 55 

Signature Title Date /s/ Katherine A. Sandstrom Director December 20, 2024 Katherine A. Sandstrom /s/ Paul E. Shapiro Director December 20, 2024 Paul E. Shapiro /s/ Scott D. Stowell Director December 20, 2024 Scott D. Stowell 
 
 56 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2024. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued its report, which is included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Toll Brothers, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated December 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 December 20, 2024 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company) as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at October 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated December 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit and risk committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Accrual for Self-insurance Description of the Matter As described in Notes 1 and 7 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company maintains general liability insurance, including construction defect and bodily injury coverage, and workers compensation insurance. These insurance policies protect the Company against a portion of the risk of loss from claims related to home building activities, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. The Company accrues for expected costs associated with the self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits which constitute the accrual for self-insurance. The Company s accrual for self-insurance was 242.3 million as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 The Company records expenses and accrues liabilities based on the estimated costs required to cover its self-insured liability and the estimated costs of potential claims and claim adjustment expenses that are above coverage limits or that are not covered by insurance policies. These estimated costs are based on an analysis of historical claims and industry data. The majority of the accrual for self-insurance is an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported IBNR ). 
 
 F-3 

The Company engages a third-party actuary that uses historical claim and expense data, input from the Company s internal legal and risk management groups, as well as industry data, to estimate the IBNR associated with the risks that the Company is assuming for its accrual for self-insurance, and other required costs to administer current and expected claims. These estimates are subject to uncertainty due to a variety of factors, the most significant being the long period of time between the delivery of a home to a home buyer and when a structural warranty or construction defect claim may be made, and the ultimate resolution of the claim. 
 
 Auditing the Company s estimate of IBNR was especially challenging as evaluating the projection of losses related to these liabilities requires actuarial assumptions that are subject to variability due to uncertainties regarding construction defect claims relative to markets and types of products the Company builds, insurance industry practices, and legal or regulatory actions and/or interpretations, among other factors. Key assumptions used in these estimates include claim frequencies, severity, and settlement patterns, which can occur over an extended period of time. In addition, the estimate of IBNR is sensitive to significant assumptions including changes in the frequency and severity of reported claims and loss development factors for reported claims. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the estimate of IBNR, including controls over the significant assumptions and the data inputs used in the actuarial analysis. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the actuarial analysis, including its review of the model and methodology, significant assumptions and the data inputs used in the analysis. 
 
 To test the estimate of IBNR we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions as well as the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company as inputs to develop the assumptions. We reviewed the Company s contractual self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. We also evaluated management s conclusions about the Company s legal and contractual obligations with respect to certain claims. We involved our internal actuarial specialists to assist in evaluating the Company s estimate of IBNR, including evaluating the appropriateness of the model and methodology used by management, evaluating the reasonableness of the actuarial assumptions used by management and independently calculating an estimate of IBNR. We also evaluated the Company s disclosures in its consolidated financial statements. 

Inventory Impairment Description of the Matter As described in Notes 1 and 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company states its inventory at cost unless an impairment exists, in which case the inventory is written down to fair value. For the year ended October 31, 2024, the Company recorded inventory impairment charges of 52.8 million to operating communities and land owned for future communities. The Company regularly evaluates whether there are any impairment indicators for inventory present at the community level. If impairment indicators are present, the Company reviews the carrying value of each community s inventory by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value. For inventory for which the carrying value exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows, the Company writes down the carrying value of the inventory to its estimated fair value primarily based on a discounted cash flow model. 
 Auditing management s accounting for inventory impairment and its tests for recoverability was especially challenging and involved a high degree of subjectivity as a result of the assumptions and estimates inherent in these evaluations. In particular, management s assumptions and estimates included future home and/or land sales prices and the pace of future sales, which were sensitive to expectations about future demand, operations and economic factors. Additionally, the fair value of certain communities was highly sensitive to relatively small changes in one or more of those assumptions. 
 
 F-4 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s inventory impairment review process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the significant assumptions and data inputs utilized in the calculation of future undiscounted cash flows. 
 To test the Company s estimated future cash flows used to test for the recoverability of a community and, if applicable, the measurement of an impairment loss, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its impairment analyses, evaluating the methodologies applied by management, and recalculating the total undiscounted cash flows in each analysis. In certain cases, we involved our internal real estate valuation specialists to assist in performing these procedures. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical sales data, sales trends, and observable market-specific data. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of inventory that would result from changes in the assumptions. We also evaluated the Company s disclosures in its consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1983. 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 December 20, 2024 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands) October 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Inventory Property, construction, and office equipment net Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets (1) 
 Mortgage loans held for sale at fair value Customer deposits held in escrow Investments in unconsolidated entities (1) 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Loans payable Senior notes Mortgage company loan facility Customer deposits Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Total liabilities Equity Stockholders equity Preferred stock, none issued Common stock, 112,937 shares issued at October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost 13,149 and 9,146 shares at October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity 
 (1) As of October 31, 2024 and 2023, Receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets and Investments in unconsolidated entities include million and million, respectively, of assets related to consolidated variable interest entities ("VIEs"). See Note 4, Investments in Unconsolidated Entities for additional information regarding VIEs. 
 See accompanying notes. 

F-6 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Revenues: Home sales Land sales and other Cost of revenues: Home sales Land sales and other Selling, general and administrative Income from operations Other: (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities ) Other income net Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income net of tax ) Total comprehensive income Per share: Basic earnings Diluted earnings Weighted-average number of shares: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes. 

F-7 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands) Common Stock Addi- tional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock AOCI Stock-holders Equity Non-controlling Interest Total Equity Shares Balance, 10/31/2021 ) Net income Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options, and stock based compensation issuances, and employee stock plan issuances ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Income attributable to non-controlling interest Capital distributions, net ) ) Balance, 10/31/2022 ) Net income Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options, and stock based compensation issuances, and employee stock plan issuances ) Stock-based compensation Cancellation of treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends declared 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 ) ) Capital contributions, net Balance, 10/31/2023 ) Net income Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options, and stock based compensation issuances, and employee stock plan issuances ) Stock-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) Capital contributions, net Balance, 10/31/2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-8 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) Year ended October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash flow provided by operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities ) ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities Deferred tax provision ) ) Impairment charges and write-offs (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) ) Other - net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory ) ) ) Origination of mortgage loans ) ) ) Sale of mortgage loans Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets ) ) Current income taxes net ) Customer deposits net ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flow used in investing activities: Purchase of property, construction, and office equipment net ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Return of investments in unconsolidated entities Proceeds from the sale of assets, including ownership interests in unconsolidated entities Other net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flow used in financing activities: Proceeds from loans payable Debt issuance costs ) ) Principal payments of loans payable ) ) ) Redemption of senior notes ) ) Proceeds (payments) related to stock-based benefit plans net ) Purchase of treasury stock and excise tax payment ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Receipts (payments) related to noncontrolling interest net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of year 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 Once a parcel of land has been approved for development and we open one of our typical communities, it may take four or more years to fully develop, sell, and deliver all the homes in such community. Longer or shorter time periods are possible depending on the number of home sites in a community and the sales and delivery pace of the homes in a community. Our master-planned communities, consisting of several smaller communities, may take up to years or more to complete. Because our inventory is considered a long-lived asset under GAAP, we are required, under ASC 360, to regularly review the carrying value of each community and write down the value of those communities for which we believe the values are not recoverable. 
 Operating Communities : When the profitability of an operating community deteriorates, the sales pace declines significantly, or some other factor indicates a possible impairment in the recoverability of the asset, the asset is reviewed for impairment by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flow for the community to its carrying value. If the estimated future undiscounted cash flow is less than the community s carrying value, the carrying value is written down to its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. The impairment is charged to home sales cost of revenues in the period in which the impairment is determined. In estimating the future undiscounted cash flow of a community, we use various estimates such as (i) the expected sales pace in a community, based upon general economic conditions that will have a short-term or long-term impact on the market in which the community is located and on competition within the market, including the number of home sites available and pricing and incentives being 
 F-10 

million and million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For property and equipment related to onsite sales centers, depreciation is recorded using the units of production method as homes are delivered. For all other property and equipment, depreciation is recorded using a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, we recognized million, million, and million of depreciation expense, respectively. 

F-11 

F-12 

million shares of treasury stock. treasury stock was cancelled in fiscal 2024 and 2022. 
 million and million at October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively. Of the outstanding customer deposits held as of October 31, 2023, we recognized million in home sales revenues during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024. Of the outstanding customer deposits held as of October 31, 2022, we recognized million in home sales revenues during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023. 
 For our standard attached and detached homes, land, land development, and related costs, both incurred and estimated to be incurred in the future, are amortized to the cost of homes closed based upon the total number of homes to be constructed in each community. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated land, land development, and related costs subsequent to the commencement of delivery of homes are allocated to the remaining undelivered homes in the community. Home construction and related costs are charged to the cost of homes closed under the specific identification method. The estimated land, common area development, and related costs of master-planned communities, including the cost of golf courses, net of their estimated residual value, are allocated to individual communities within a master-planned community on a relative sales value basis. Any changes resulting from a change in the estimated number of homes to be constructed or in the estimated costs are allocated to the remaining home sites in each of the communities of the master-planned community. 
 F-13 

million , which resulted in a pre-tax gain of million during the year ended October 31, 2024. 
 Forfeited Customer Deposits: Forfeited customer deposits are recognized in Home sales revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in the period in which the customer defaults on or cancels the contract and we determine that we have the right to retain the deposit. 
 Sales Incentives: In order to promote sales of our homes, we may offer our home buyers sales incentives. These incentives will vary by type of incentive and by amount on a community-by-community and home-by-home basis. Incentives are reflected as a reduction in home sales revenues. Incentives are recognized at the time the home is delivered to the home buyer and we receive the sales proceeds. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 -year warranty as to structural integrity. We accrue for expected warranty costs at the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer. Warranty costs are accrued based upon historical experience. Adjustments to our warranty liabilities related to homes delivered in prior periods are recorded in the period in which a change in our estimate occurs. 
 years or longer. As a result, the majority of the estimated 
 F-14 

), based on the technical merits of the position, that the position will be sustained upon examination. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements based upon the largest amount of benefit that is greater than likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Our inability to determine that a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold does not mean that the Internal Revenue Service IRS or any other taxing authority will disagree with the position that we have taken. 
 F-15 

geographic segments, with operations generally located in the states listed below: 
 The North region: Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania; 
 The Mid-Atlantic region: Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia; 
 The South region: Florida, South Carolina and Texas; 
 The Mountain region: Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada and Utah; and 
 The Pacific region: California, Oregon and Washington. 
 Our geographic reporting segments are consistent with how our chief operating decision makers are assessing operating performance and allocating capital. 
 F-16 

2. 
 million in cash. The assets acquired, which consisted of communities, were primarily inventory, including approximately home sites owned or controlled through land purchase agreements. This acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition and was not material to our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 3. 
 Land and land development costs Land and land development costs associated with homes under construction Total land and land development costs Homes under construction Model homes (1) 
 
 (1) Includes the allocated land and land development costs associated with each of our model homes in operation. 
 The following table provides a summary of the composition of our inventory based on community status at October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands): 
 October 31, 2024 October 31, 2023 Land controlled for future communities Land owned for future communities Operating communities 
 Operating communities include communities offering homes for sale; communities that have sold all available home sites but have not completed delivery of the homes; and communities preparing to open for sale. The carrying value attributable to operating communities includes the cost of homes under construction, land and land development costs, the carrying cost of home sites in current and future phases of these communities, and the carrying cost of model homes. 
 Backlog consists of homes under contract but not yet delivered to our home buyers backlog ). 
 F-17 

Land owned for future communities Operating communities 
 We have also recognized million, million, and million of impairment charges on land held for sale included in land sales and other cost of revenues during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, for information regarding land purchase contracts. 
 At October 31, 2024, we evaluated our land purchase contracts, including those to acquire land for apartment developments, to determine whether any of the selling entities were VIEs and, if they were, whether we were the primary beneficiary of any of them. Under these land purchase contracts, we do not possess legal title to the land; our maximum exposure to loss is generally limited to deposits paid to the sellers and predevelopment costs incurred; and the creditors of the sellers generally have no recourse against us. At October 31, 2024, we determined that land purchase contracts, with an aggregate purchase price of billion, on which we had made aggregate deposits totaling million, were VIEs, but that we were not the primary beneficiary of any VIE related to such land purchase contracts. At October 31, 2023, we determined that land purchase contracts, with an aggregate purchase price of billion, on which we had made aggregate deposits totaling million, were VIEs, but that we were not the primary beneficiary of any VIE related to such land purchase contracts. See Note 7, Accrued Expenses, for information regarding liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned. 
 Interest incurred Interest expensed to home sales cost of revenues ) ) ) Interest expensed to land sales and other cost of revenues ) ) ) Interest capitalized on investments in unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Previously capitalized interest transferred to investments in unconsolidated entities ) ) Previously capitalized interest on investments in unconsolidated entities transferred to inventory Interest capitalized, end of year 
 
 4. 
 to . These entities are structured as joint ventures and either (i) develop land for the joint venture participants and for sale to outside builders Land Development Joint Ventures (ii) develop for-sale homes Home Building Joint Ventures or (iii) develop luxury for-rent residential apartments and single family homes, commercial space, and a hotel Rental Property Joint Ventures ). 
 F-18 

Investment in unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Number of unconsolidated entities with funding commitments by the Company 
 Company s remaining funding commitment to unconsolidated entities (2) 
 
 (1) Our total investment includes million related to unconsolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs and our maximum exposure to losses related to these VIEs is approximately million as of October 31, 2024, inclusive of our investment in these joint ventures. Our ownership interest in such unconsolidated Joint Venture VIEs ranges from to . 
 (2) Our remaining funding commitment includes approximately million related to our unconsolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs. 
 
 The table below provides information as of October 31, 2023, regarding active joint ventures that we were invested in, by joint venture category amounts in thousands): 
 Land Development Joint Ventures Home Building Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Other Joint Ventures Total Number of unconsolidated entities 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Number of unconsolidated entities with funding commitments by the Company 
 Company s remaining funding commitment to unconsolidated entities (2) 
 
 (1) Our total investment includes million related to unconsolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs and our maximum exposure to losses related to these VIEs is approximately million as of October 31, 2023, inclusive of our investment in joint ventures. Our ownership interest in such unconsolidated Joint Venture VIEs ranges from to . 
 (2) Our remaining funding commitment includes approximately million related to our unconsolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs. 
 
 Aggregate loan commitments Amounts borrowed under commitments 

The table below provides information at October 31, 2023, regarding the debt financing obtained by category amounts in thousands): Land Development Joint Ventures Home Building Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Total Number of joint ventures with debt financing 
 Aggregate loan commitments Amounts borrowed under commitments 
 
 More specific and/or recent information regarding our investments in and future commitments to these entities is provided below. 
 F-19 

Investment balance at October 31, 2024 

The table below provides information on joint ventures entered into during fiscal 2023 amounts in thousands): Land Development Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Number of unconsolidated joint ventures entered into during the period Investment balance at October 31, 2023 
 Number of consolidated joint ventures entered into during the period Carrying value of consolidated joint ventures assets at October 31, 2023 
 Noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint ventures at October 31, 2023 

Results of Operations and Intra-entity Transactions 
 From time to time, certain of our rental property joint ventures sell assets to unrelated parties. In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, certain of our Rental Property Joint Ventures sold their underlying assets and we recognized our proportionate share of the gains of million, million, and million, respectively, which is included in (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 In fiscal 2023, we sold our ownership interest in one of our Rental Property Joint Ventures and recognized a gain of million, which is included in Income from unconsolidated entities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. similar gains were recognized in fiscal 2024 or 2022. 
 In fiscal 2024, and 2022, we recognized other-than-temporary impairment charges on our investments in certain Rental Property Joint Ventures of million and million, respectively. similar impairments were recognized in fiscal 2023. 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we purchased land from unconsolidated entities, principally related to our acquisition of lots from our Land Development Joint Ventures, totaling million, million, and million, respectively. Our share of income from the lots we acquired was insignificant in each period. 
 In our normal course of business, we may contribute land to certain of our joint ventures in exchange for an ownership interest. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, we sold land to unconsolidated entities, which principally involved land sales to our Home Building and Rental Property Joint Ventures, totaling million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Land sales and other revenue on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and are generally sold at or near our land basis. similar land sales to unconsolidated entities occurred in fiscal 2024. 
 At October 31, 2024 and 2023, we had receivables due from joint ventures totaling million and million, respectively, primarily related to amounts we funded on behalf of our partners that had not yet been reimbursed and amounts due to us for management fees earned. 
 Guarantees 
 The unconsolidated entities in which we have investments generally finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. In some instances, we have guaranteed portions of debt of unconsolidated entities. These guarantees may include any or all of the following: (i) project completion guarantees, including any cost overruns; (ii) repayment guarantees, generally covering a percentage of the outstanding loan; (iii) carry cost guarantees, which cover costs such as interest, real estate taxes, and insurance; (iv) an environmental indemnity provided to the lender that holds the lender harmless from and against losses arising from the discharge of hazardous materials from the property and non-compliance with applicable environmental laws; and (v) indemnification of the lender from bad boy acts of the unconsolidated entity. 
 In some instances, we and our joint venture partner have provided joint and several guarantees in connection with loans to unconsolidated entities. In these situations, we generally seek to implement a reimbursement agreement with our partner that 
 F-20 

Our maximum estimated exposure under repayment and carry cost guarantees if the full amount of the debt obligations were borrowed (1) 
 Debt obligations borrowed in the aggregate Our maximum estimated exposure under repayment and carry cost guarantees of the debt obligations borrowed Estimated fair value of guarantees provided by us related to debt and other obligations Terms of guarantees month - 
 years 
 month - years 
 
 (1) At October 31, 2024 and 2023, our maximum estimated exposure under repayment and carry cost guarantees includes approximately million, related to our unconsolidated joint venture VIEs. 
 
 The maximum exposure estimates presented above do not take into account any recoveries from the underlying collateral or any reimbursement from our partners nor do they include any potential exposures related to project completion guarantees or the indemnities noted above, which are not estimable. We have not made payments under any of the outstanding guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 We have both unconsolidated and consolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs. Information regarding our involvement in unconsolidated joint-venture related variable interests in VIEs has been disclosed throughout information presented above. 
 
 The table below provides information as of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, regarding our consolidated joint venture-related variable interests in VIEs Carrying value of consolidated VIEs assets Receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets and Investments in unconsolidated entities Our partners interests in consolidated VIEs Noncontrolling interest 
 to . The income/losses generated from such joint ventures were not material. 
 As shown above, we are the primary beneficiary of certain VIEs due to our controlling financial interest in such ventures as we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint ventures performance and the obligation to absorb expected losses or receive benefits from the joint ventures. The assets of these VIEs can only be used to settle the obligations of the VIEs. In addition, in certain of the joint ventures, in the event additional contributions are required to be funded to the joint ventures prior to the admission of any additional investor at a future date, we will fund 100 of such contributions, including our partner s pro rata share, which we expect would be funded through an interest-bearing loan. For other VIEs, we are not the primary beneficiary because the power to direct the activities of such VIEs that most significantly impact their performance was either shared by us and such VIEs other partners or such activities were controlled by our 
 F-21 

Inventory Loan receivables, net Rental properties Rental properties under development Other assets Total assets Debt, net of deferred financing costs Other liabilities Members equity Total liabilities and equity Company s net investment in unconsolidated entities (1) 
 
 October 31, 2023 Land Develop- ment Joint Ventures Home Building Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Other Joint Ventures Total Cash and cash equivalents Inventory Loan receivables, net Rental properties Rental properties under development Other assets Total assets Debt, net of deferred financing costs Other liabilities Members equity Total liabilities and equity Company s net investment in unconsolidated entities (1) 

(1) Our underlying equity in the net assets of the unconsolidated entities was more than our net investment in unconsolidated entities by million and million as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and these differences are primarily a result of interest capitalized on our investments; the estimated fair value of the guarantees provided to the joint ventures; distributions from entities in excess of the carrying amount of our net investment; unrealized gains on our retained joint venture interests; other than temporary impairments we have recognized; and gains recognized from the sale of our ownership interests. 
 F-22 

Cost of revenues Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (loss) (2) 
 ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Company s equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities (3) 
 ) ) ) 
 For the year ended October 31, 2023 Land Develop- ment Joint Ventures Home Building Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Other Joint Ventures Total Revenues Cost of revenues Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (2) 
 Income before income taxes Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Net income Company s equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities (3) 
 
 For the year ended October 31, 2022 Land Develop- ment Joint Ventures Home Building Joint Ventures Rental Property Joint Ventures Other Joint Ventures Total Revenues 
 Cost of revenues Other expenses Total expenses Loss on disposition of loans and REO ) ) Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (2) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Company s equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated entities (3) 
 ) 
 F-23 

million, million, and million related to the sale of assets by multiple Rental Property Joint Ventures. 
 (3) Differences between our income (loss) from unconsolidated entities and our percentage interest in the underlying net income (loss) of the entities are primarily a result of distributions from entities in excess of the carrying amount of our investment; promote earned on the gains recognized by join ventures and those promoted cash flows being distributed; other than temporary impairments we have recognized; recoveries of previously incurred charges; unrealized gains on our retained joint venture interests; gains recognized from the sale of our investment to our joint venture partner; and our share of the entities profits related to home sites purchased by us which reduces our cost basis of the home sites acquired. 
 
 Improvement cost receivable Escrow cash held by our wholly owned captive title company Properties held for rental apartment and commercial development Prepaid expenses Right-of-use asset Derivative assets Other 

6. 
 Loans payable other Deferred issuance costs ) ) 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan 
 We are party to a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility with a syndicate of banks of which million matures February 14, 2028, million matures on November 1, 2025 and the remaining million matures on November 1, 2026. There are payments required before these stated maturity dates. Under the Term Loan Facility, we may select interest rates equal to (i) SOFR plus an applicable margin, (ii) the base rate (as defined in the agreement) plus an applicable margin, or (iii) the federal funds/Euro rate (as defined in the agreement) plus an applicable margin, in each case, based on our leverage ratio. At October 31, 2024, the interest rate on the Term Loan Facility was per annum. Toll Brothers, Inc. and substantially all of its -owned home building subsidiaries are guarantors under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility contains substantially the same financial covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility described below. 
 In November 2020, we entered into interest rate swap transactions to hedge million of the Term Loan Facility through October 2025. The interest rate swaps effectively fix the interest cost on the million at plus the spread set forth in the pricing schedule in the Term Loan Facility, which was as of October 31, 2024. These interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 F-24 

billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks that is scheduled to mature on February 14, 2028. The Revolving Credit Facility provides us with a committed borrowing capacity of billion, which we have the ability to increase up to billion with the consent of lenders. Under the Revolving Credit Facility, up to of the commitment is available for letters of credit. Toll Brothers, Inc. and substantially all of its -owned home building subsidiaries are guarantors of the borrower s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Both our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility require us to maintain certain financial covenants, which include not exceeding a defined maximum leverage ratio and maintaining a minimum tangible net worth. In addition, our ability to repurchase our common stock and pay cash dividends is limited by these agreements. However, during fiscal 2024, these limitations did not meaningfully restrict the amount of cash dividends paid or stock repurchased. We were in compliance with all covenants and requirements as of October 31, 2024. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and had outstanding letters of credit of million. At October 31, 2024, the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility would have been per annum. 
 Loans Payable Other 
 Loans payable other primarily represent purchase money mortgages on properties we acquired that the seller had financed, project-level financing, and various revenue bonds that were issued by government entities on our behalf to finance community infrastructure and our manufacturing facilities. Weighted-average interest rate Interest rate range 1.00 - 9.00 0.38 - 9.00 Loans secured by assets: Carrying value of loans secured by assets Carrying value of assets securing loans 
 to . 
 Senior Notes 
 4.875 Senior Notes due March 15, 2027 4.35 Senior Notes due February 15, 2028 3.80 Senior Notes due November 1, 2029 Bond discounts, premiums, and deferred issuance costs - net ) ) 
 The senior notes are the unsecured obligations of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., our -owned subsidiary. The payment of principal and interest is fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by us and substantially all of our -owned home building subsidiaries (together with Toll Brothers Finance Corp., the Senior Note Parties ). The senior notes rank equally in right of payment with all the Senior Note Parties existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, including the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility. The senior notes are structurally subordinated to the prior claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of the senior notes. Each series of senior notes is redeemable in whole or in part at any time at our option, at prices that vary based upon the then-current rates of interest and the remaining original term of the senior notes to be redeemed. 
 In our second quarter of fiscal 2023, we redeemed all million principal amount of Senior Notes due April 15, 2023, at par, plus accrued interest. 
 F-25 

million, subject to certain sublimits. In addition, the New Warehousing Agreement, provides for an accordion feature under which TBMC may request that the aggregate commitments under the New Warehousing Agreement be increased to an amount up to million for a short period of time. TBMC is also subject to an under usage fee based on outstanding balances, as defined in the New Warehousing Agreement. Prior to its scheduled expiration on December 3, 2024, the New Warehousing Agreement was amended to extend the expiration date to December 2, 2025. No other changes were made to the terms of the New Warehousing Agreement as a result of the amendment. The New Warehousing Agreement bears interest at SOFR plus per annum (with a SOFR floor of ). At October 31, 2024, the interest rate on the New Warehousing Agreement was per annum. 
 At October 31, 2024 and 2023, there was million and million, respectively, outstanding under the agreements which are included in liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. At October 31, 2024 and 2023, amounts outstanding under the agreements were collateralized by million and million, respectively, of mortgage loans held for sale, which are included in assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of October 31, 2024, there were aggregate outstanding purchase price limitations reducing the amount available to TBMC. There are several restrictions on purchased loans under the agreement, including that they cannot be sold to others, they cannot be pledged to anyone other than the agent, and they cannot support any other borrowing or repurchase agreements. 
 General 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 

7. 
 Liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned Compensation and employee benefits Escrow liability associated with our wholly owned captive title company Self-insurance Warranty Lease liabilities Deferred income Interest Commitments to unconsolidated entities Other 
 At the time each home is closed and title and possession are transferred to the home buyer, we record an initial accrual for expected warranty costs on that home. Our initial accrual for expected warranty costs is based upon historical warranty claim experience. Adjustments to our warranty liabilities related to homes delivered in prior periods are recorded in the period in 
 F-26 

Additions - homes closed during the year Addition - liabilities assumed in an asset acquisition Increase in accruals for homes closed in prior years - net (Decrease) increase in accruals expected to be recovered from third parties (1) 
 ) Reclassification from self-insurance accruals Charges incurred ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 8. 
 State tax provision, net of federal benefit Other permanent differences ) ) Reversal of accrual for uncertain tax positions ) ) ) ) ) Accrued interest on anticipated tax assessments 
 Increase in unrecognized tax benefits Excess stock compensation benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) Energy tax credits ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Income tax provision 
 Due to rounding, percentages may not add 
 We are subject to state tax in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We estimate our state tax liability based upon the individual taxing authorities regulations, estimates of income by taxing jurisdiction, and our ability to utilize certain tax-saving strategies. Based on our estimate of the allocation of income or loss among the various taxing jurisdictions and changes in tax regulations and their impact on our tax strategies, we estimated that our rate for state income taxes, before federal benefit, will be in fiscal 2024. Our state income tax rate, before federal benefit, was and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 State Current Deferred ) ) 
 F-27 

Deferred 
 Increase in benefit as a result of tax positions taken in prior years Increase in benefit as a result of tax positions taken in current year Decrease in benefit as a result of settlements ) Decrease in benefit as a result of lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 The statute of limitations has expired on our federal tax returns for fiscal years through 2020. The statute of limitations for our major state tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years. 
 Our unrecognized tax benefits are included in the current portion of Income taxes payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. If these unrecognized tax benefits reverse in the future, they would have a beneficial impact on our effective tax rate at that time. During the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change, but we are not able to provide a range of such change. The anticipated changes will be principally due to the expiration of tax statutes, settlements with taxing jurisdictions, increases due to new tax positions taken, and the accrual of estimated interest and penalties. 
 The amounts accrued for interest and penalties are included in the current portion of Income taxes payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 2023 2022 
 October 31, 2023 
 F-28 

Impairment charges Inventory valuation differences Stock-based compensation expense Amounts related to unrecognized tax benefits State tax, net operating loss carryforwards Other Total assets Deferred tax liabilities: Capitalized interest Deferred income Expenses taken for tax purposes not for book Depreciation Deferred marketing Total liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 In accordance with GAAP, we assess whether a valuation allowance should be established based on our determination of whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. At October 31, 2024 and 2023, we determined that it was more-likely-than-not that our deferred tax assets would be realized. Accordingly, at October 31, 2024 and 2023, we did not have valuation allowances recorded against our federal or state deferred tax assets. 
 to an indefinite carryforward period. 
 
 9. 
 million shares of common stock, par value per share common stock ), and million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. At October 31, 2024, we had million shares of common stock issued and outstanding, million shares of common stock reserved for outstanding stock options and restricted stock units, million shares of common stock reserved for future stock option and award issuances, and shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our employee stock purchase plan. As of October 31, 2024, shares of preferred stock have been issued. 
 Cash Dividends 
 In March 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the quarterly dividend from to per share. During the fiscal years October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we declared and paid aggregate cash dividends of , and per share, respectively, to our shareholders. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 From time to time, our Board of Directors has renewed its authorization to repurchase up to million shares of our common stock in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchases), issuer tender offers or other financial arrangements or transactions for general corporate purposes, including to obtain shares for the Company s equity award and other employee benefit plans. Most recently, on December 13, 2023, the Board of Directors renewed its authorization to repurchase million shares of our common stock and terminated, effective the same date, the existing authorization that had been in effect since May 17, 2022. The Board of Directors did not fix any expiration date for this repurchase program. 
 F-29 

Average price per share (1) 
 Remaining authorization at October 31 (in thousands) 
 (1) Average price per share includes costs associated with the purchases. For the fiscal 2024 and 2023 periods, it also includes the excise tax accrued on our share repurchases as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
 Transfer Restriction 
 On March 17, 2010, our Board of Directors adopted a Certificate of Amendment to the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Certificate of Amendment ). The Certificate of Amendment includes an amendment approved by our stockholders at the 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders that restricts certain transfers of our common stock. The Certificate of Amendment s transfer restrictions generally restrict any direct or indirect transfer of our common stock if the effect would be to increase the direct or indirect ownership of any Person (as defined in the Certificate of Amendment) from less than to or more of our common stock or increase the ownership percentage of a Person owning or deemed to own or more of our common stock. Any direct or indirect transfer attempted in violation of this restriction would be void as of the date of the prohibited transfer as to the purported transferee. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 ) Gains (losses) arising during the period ) Less: Tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net gains (losses) arising during the period ) Net (gains) losses reclassified from AOCI to net income (1) 
 ) Less: Tax (expense) benefit (2) 
 ) ) Net (losses) gains reclassified from AOCI to net income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Ending balance Derivative Instruments Beginning balance Gains on derivative instruments Less: Tax expense ) ) ) Net gains on derivative instruments (Losses) gains reclassified from AOCI to net income (3) 
 ) ) ) Less: Tax benefit (expense) (2) 
 Net (losses) gains reclassified from AOCI to net income ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Ending balance Total AOCI ending balance 
 (1) Reclassified to Other income net 
 (2) Reclassified to Income tax provision 
 (3) Reclassified to Cost of revenues home sales 
 
 F-30 

10. 
 years at a price not less than the market price of the stock at the date of grant. The Omnibus Plan also provides for the issuance of stock appreciation rights and restricted and unrestricted stock awards and stock units, which may be performance-based. Stock options and restricted stock units granted under the Omnibus Plan generally vest over a four-year period for employees and prior to fiscal 2024, a two-year period for non-employee directors. Beginning in fiscal 2024, stock-based compensation awards granted to non-employee directors vest over a one-year period. Shares issued upon the exercise of a stock option or settlement of restricted stock units are either from shares held in treasury or newly issued shares. At October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, we had million; million; and million shares, respectively, available for grant under the plans. 
 Income tax benefit recognized 
 At October 31, 2024, the aggregate unamortized value of outstanding stock-based compensation awards was approximately million and the weighted-average period over which we expect to recognize such compensation costs was approximately years. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units: 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Executive Compensation Committee approved awards of performance-based restricted stock units Performance-Based RSUs relating to shares of our common stock to certain members of our senior management. The number of shares earned for Performance-Based RSUs is based on the attainment of certain operational performance metrics approved by the Executive Compensation Committee in the year of grant. The number of shares underlying the Performance-Based RSUs that may be issued to the recipients ranges from to of the base award depending on actual achievement as compared to the target performance goals. Shares earned based on actual performance vest pro-rata over a four-year period (provided the recipients continue to be employed by us as specified in the award document) or cliff-vest at the end of a three-year performance period measured from the grant date. 
 Compensation expense related to these grants is based on the Company s performance against the related performance criteria, the elapsed portion of the performance or vesting period and the grant date fair value of the award. 
 F-31 

Granted Vested ) Nonvested at October 31, 2024 
 
 Aggregate number of Performance-Based RSUs outstanding at October 31 Weighted-average fair value per share of Performance-Based RSUs issued Aggregate grant date fair value of Performance-Based RSUs issued (in thousands) Performance-Based RSU expense recognized (in thousands) Fair market value of Performance-Based RSUs vested (in thousands) 
 Shares earned with respect to Performance-Based RSUs granted in December 2017, 2018, and 2019 were delivered in fiscal 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Units: 
 We issue time-based restricted stock units Time-Based RSUs to various officers, employees, and non-employee directors on an annual basis. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at October 31, 2024 
 F-32 

Weighted-average fair value per share of Time-Based RSUs issued Aggregate fair value of Time-Based RSUs issued (in thousands) Time-Based RSU expense recognized (in thousands): Fair market value of Time-Based RSUs vested (in thousands): 
 Cumulative unamortized value of Time-Based RSUs (in thousands) 

11. 
 Denominator: Basic weighted-average shares Common stock equivalents (1) 
 Diluted weighted-average shares Other information: Weighted-average number of antidilutive options and restricted stock units (2) 
 Shares issued under stock incentive and employee stock purchase plans 
 (1) Common stock equivalents represent the dilutive effect of outstanding in-the-money stock options using the treasury stock method and shares expected to be issued upon the conversion of restricted stock units under our equity award programs. 
 (2) Weighted-average number of antidilutive options and restricted stock units are based upon the average closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the period. 
 
 12. 
 Forward Loan Commitments Mortgage Loans Held for Sale Level 2 Interest Rate Lock Commitments IRLCs Level 2 ) ) Forward Loan Commitments IRLCs Level 2 Interest Rate Swap Contracts Level 2 
 At October 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, escrow cash held by our wholly owned captive title company, and customer deposits held in escrow approximated fair value. 
 F-33 

) 2023 ) 
 IRLCs represent individual borrower agreements that commit us to lend at a specified price for a specified period as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the commitment contract. These commitments have varying degrees of interest rate risk. We utilize best-efforts forward loan commitments Forward Commitments to hedge the interest rate risk of the IRLCs and residential mortgage loans held for sale. Forward Commitments represent contracts with third-party investors for the future delivery of loans whereby we agree to make delivery at a specified future date at a specified price. The IRLCs and Forward Commitments are considered derivative financial instruments under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, which requires derivative financial instruments to be recorded at fair value. We estimate the fair value of such commitments based on the estimated fair value of the underlying mortgage loan and, in the case of IRLCs, the probability that the mortgage loan will fund within the terms of the IRLC. The fair values of IRLCs and forward loan commitments are included in either Receivables, prepaid expenses and other assets or Accrued expenses in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as appropriate. To manage the risk of non-performance of investors regarding the Forward Commitments, we assess the creditworthiness of the investors on a periodic basis. 
 Inventory 
 We recognize inventory impairment and land impairment charges based on the difference in the carrying value of the inventory and its fair value at the time of the evaluation. The fair value of the aforementioned inventory was determined using Level 3 criteria. Estimated fair value is primarily determined by discounting the estimated future cash flow of each community. In determining the fair value related to land impairments, we consider recent offers received, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions, and other factors. We record land impairments related to land parcels we plan to sell to third parties within land sales and other cost of revenues. See Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies - Inventory, for additional information regarding our methodology on determining fair value. As further discussed in Note 1, determining the fair value of a community s inventory involves a number of variables, many of which are interrelated. If we used a different input for any of the various unobservable inputs used in our impairment analysis, the results of the analysis may have been different, absent any other changes. Impairments on operating communities were not significant in each of the three fiscal years ended October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 and, accordingly, we did not disclose the ranges of certain quantitative unobservable inputs utilized in determining the fair value of such impaired operating communities. 
 
 F-34 

Senior notes (2) 
 Level 1 Mortgage company loan facility (3) 
 Level 2 
 (1) The estimated fair value of loans payable was based upon contractual cash flows discounted at interest rates that we believed were available to us for loans with similar terms and remaining maturities as of the applicable valuation date. 
 (2) The estimated fair value of our senior notes is based upon their market prices as of the applicable valuation date. 
 (3) We believe that the carrying value of our mortgage company loan borrowings approximates their fair value. 
 
 13. 
 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which is included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 We have an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation. The deferred compensation, together with certain of our contributions, earns various rates of return depending upon when the compensation was deferred. A portion of the deferred compensation and interest earned may be forfeited by a participant if he or she elects to withdraw the compensation prior to the end of the deferral period. We accrued million and million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for our obligations under the plan, which is included in Accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Defined Benefit Retirement Plans 
 We have unfunded defined benefit retirement plans. Retirement benefits generally vest when the participant reaches normal retirement age. Unrecognized prior service costs are being amortized over the period from the date participants enter the plans until their interests are fully vested. We used a , , and discount rate in our calculation of the present value of our projected benefit obligations at October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The rates represent the approximate long-term investment rate at October 31 of the fiscal year for which the present value was calculated. Information related to the plans is based on actuarial information calculated as of October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 F-35 

Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of unrecognized losses ) ) Projected benefit obligation: Beginning of year Plan amendments adopted during year Service cost Interest cost Benefit payments ) ) ) Change in unrecognized loss (gain) ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Unamortized prior service cost: Beginning of year Plan amendments adopted during year Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Unamortized prior service cost, end of year Accumulated unrecognized gain, October 31 Accumulated benefit obligation, October 31 Accrued benefit obligation, October 31 
 The accrued benefit obligation is included in accrued expenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 November 1, 2029 October 31, 2034 
 
 14. 
 
 F-36 

Unconsolidated entities that the Company has investments in Total Deposits against aggregate purchase price Additional cash required to acquire land Total Amount of additional cash required to acquire land included in accrued expenses 
 In addition, we expect to purchase approximately additional home sites over a number of years from several joint ventures in which we have investments; the purchase prices of these home sites will be determined at a future date. 
 At October 31, 2024, we also had similar purchase contracts to acquire land for apartment developments of approximately million, of which we had outstanding deposits in the amount of million. We intend to develop these projects in joint ventures with unrelated parties in the future. 
 We have additional land parcels under option that have been excluded from the aforementioned aggregate purchase amounts since we do not believe that we will complete the purchase of these land parcels and no additional funds will be required from us to terminate these contracts. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 At October 31, 2024, we had investments in a number of unconsolidated entities, were committed to invest or advance additional funds, and had guaranteed a portion of the indebtedness and/or loan commitments of these entities. See Note 4, Investments in Unconsolidated Entities, for more information regarding our commitments to these entities. 
 Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit 
 At October 31, 2024, we had outstanding surety bonds amounting to million, primarily related to our obligations to governmental entities to construct improvements in our communities. We have an additional million of surety bonds outstanding that guarantee other obligations. Although significant construction and development activities have been completed related to these improvements, the bonds are generally not released until all construction and development activities are completed and acceptance by the counterparty is received. The aggregate amount of surety bonds outstanding is in excess of the estimated cost of the remaining work to be performed. We do not believe that it is probable that any outstanding bonds will be drawn upon. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit of million under our Revolving Credit Facility. These letters of credit were issued to secure our various financial obligations, including insurance policy deductibles and other claims, land deposits, and security to complete improvements in communities in which we are operating. We do not believe that it is probable that any outstanding letters of credit will be drawn upon. 
 At October 31, 2024, we had provided financial guarantees of million related to fronted letters of credit to secure obligations related to certain of our insurance policy deductibles and other claims. 
 F-37 

homes with an aggregate sales value of billion. 
 Mortgage Commitments 
 Our mortgage subsidiary provides mortgage financing for a portion of our home closings. For those home buyers to whom our mortgage subsidiary provides mortgages, we determine whether the home buyer qualifies for the mortgage based upon information provided by the home buyer and other sources. For those home buyers who qualify, our mortgage subsidiary provides the home buyer with a mortgage commitment that specifies the terms and conditions of a proposed mortgage loan based upon then-current market conditions. Prior to the actual closing of the home and funding of the mortgage, the home buyer will lock in an interest rate based upon the terms of the commitment. At the time of rate lock, our mortgage subsidiary agrees to sell the proposed mortgage loan to one of several outside recognized mortgage financing institutions investors that is willing to honor the terms and conditions, including interest rate, committed to the home buyer. We believe that these investors have adequate financial resources to honor their commitments to our mortgage subsidiary. 
 Mortgage loans are sold to investors with limited recourse provisions derived from industry-standard representations and warranties in the relevant agreements. These representations and warranties primarily involve the absence of misrepresentations by the borrower or other parties, the appropriate underwriting of the loan and in some cases, a required minimum number of payments to be made by the borrower. The Company generally does not retain any other continuing interest related to mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. 
 Non-IRLCs Total Investor commitments to purchase: IRLCs Mortgage loans receivable Total 
 Lease Commitments 
 We lease certain facilities, equipment, and properties held for rental apartment operation or development under non-cancelable operating leases which, in the case of certain rental properties, have an initial term of 99 years. We recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities are recorded on the balance sheet for all leases with an expected term over one year. A majority of our facility lease agreements include rental payments based on a pro-rata share of the lessor s operating costs which are variable in nature. Our lease agreements or material restrictive covenants. 
 ROU assets are classified within Receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets and the corresponding lease liability is included in Accrued expenses in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that, at the commencement date, have a lease term of 12 months or less and do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that we are reasonably certain to exercise. For such leases, we do not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities and instead recognize lease payments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income on a straight-line basis. At October 31, 2024, ROU assets and lease liabilities were million and million, respectively. At October 31, 2023, ROU assets and lease liabilities were million and million, respectively. Payments on lease liabilities totaled million and million, and million for the years ending October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively. 
 Lease expense includes costs for leases with terms in excess of one year as well as short-term leases with terms of one year or less. For the fiscal years ending October 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, our total lease expense was million, million, and million, respectively, inclusive of variable lease costs of approximately million, million, and million, respectively. Short-term lease costs and sublease income was de minimis. 
 F-38 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments (1) 
 Less: Interest (2) 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Lease payments include options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 (2) Our leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, we estimate our discount rate for such leases to determine the present value of lease payments at the lease commencement date. 
 The majority of our facility leases give us the option to extend the lease term. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our discretion. For several of our facility leases we are reasonably certain the option will be exercised and thus the renewal term has been included in our calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate used in calculating these facility lease liabilities, excluding our land leases, were years and , respectively, at October 31, 2024 and years and , respectively, at October 31, 2023. 
 years and , respectively, at October 31, 2024 and years and , respectively, at October 31, 2023. 
 
 15. 
 Income from ancillary businesses Management fee income earned by home building operations Gain on litigation settlements net Other ) ) Total other income net 
 In fiscal 2022, we entered into a million settlement agreement with Southern California Gas Company to resolve our claims associated with a natural gas leak that occurred from October 2015 through February 2016 at the Aliso Canyon underground storage facility located near certain of our communities in southern California. As a result, net of legal fees and expenses, we recorded a pre-tax gain of million, of which million was recorded in Other Income - net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in fiscal 2022. The remainder was recorded as an offset to previously incurred expenses. Coincident with this settlement, we seeded a new Toll Brothers charitable foundation with million which was recorded in Selling, general and administrative in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income in fiscal 2022. 

F-39 

Expenses 
 In fiscal 2024 and 2022, our smart home technology business recognized gains of million and million, respectively, from bulk sales of security monitoring accounts, which is included in income from ancillary businesses above. similar gains were recognized in fiscal 2023. 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized million and million, and million, of write-offs related to previously incurred costs that we believed not to be recoverable in our apartment rental development business operations, respectively. 
 In fiscal 2024 and 2023, income from ancillary businesses included management fees earned on our apartment rental development, high-rise urban luxury condominium, and other unconsolidated entities and operations totaling million and million, respectively. In fiscal 2022, income from ancillary businesses included management fees earned on our apartment rental development and other unconsolidated entities and operations totaling million. Prior to fiscal 2023, management fees earned on our high-rise luxury condominium unconsolidated entities were included in Management fees earned by home building operations above. 
 
 16. 
 Mid-Atlantic South Mountain Pacific Total home building Corporate and other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Land sales and other revenue (2) 
 Total consolidated 
 (1) Included in fiscal 2022 is a million net gain related to a favorable litigation settlement as further discussed in Note 15, Other Income - Net . 
 (2) Land sales and other revenues by segment has been provided in the table below. 
 Corporate and other is comprised principally of general corporate expenses such as our executive offices; the corporate finance, accounting, audit, tax, human resources, risk management, information technology, marketing, and legal groups; interest income; income from certain of our ancillary businesses, including our apartment rental development business and our high-rise urban luxury condominium operations; and income from our Rental Property Joint Ventures and Other Joint Ventures. 
 F-40 

Mid-Atlantic (1) 
 South Mountain Pacific Total home building Corporate and other Total consolidated 
 (1) Included in the year ended October 31, 2024 is a million land sale to a commercial developer in February 2024, which is further discussed in Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies . 
 Corporate and other is comprised principally of activities from our apartment rental development business. 
 Total assets for each of our segments at October 31, 2024 and 2023, are shown in the table below (amounts in thousands): 2024 2023 North Mid-Atlantic South Mountain Pacific Total home building Corporate and other Total consolidated 
 Corporate and other is comprised principally of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, investments in our Rental Property Joint Ventures, expected recoveries from insurance carriers and suppliers, manufacturing facilities, our apartment rental development operations, and our mortgage and title subsidiaries. 
 F-41 

Mid-Atlantic South Mountain Pacific Total consolidated Balances at October 31, 2023 North Mid-Atlantic South Mountain Pacific Total consolidated 
 Mid-Atlantic South Mountain Pacific Total consolidated 
 In the year ended October 31, 2024, we recognized million of land impairment charges included in land sales and other cost of revenues, of which million and million were in our Mid-Atlantic and Corporate and other segments, respectively. In the year ended October 31, 2023 we recognized million of land impairment charges included in land sales and other cost of revenues, of which million, million, million, and million were in our North, Mid-Atlantic, Pacific and Corporate and other segments, respectively. In the year ended October 31, 2022 we recognized million of land impairment charges included in land sales and other cost of revenues in our North segment. 
 F-42 

) Mid-Atlantic ) ) South Mountain ) Pacific ) ) Total home building Corporate and other ) Total consolidated ) 
 Corporate and other is comprised of our investments in the Rental Property Joint Ventures and Other Joint Ventures. 
 
 17. 
 Noncash activity: Cost of inventory acquired through seller financing, municipal bonds, or included in accrued expenses - net Transfer of inventory to investment in unconsolidated entities Transfer of investment in unconsolidated entities to inventory 
 Transfer of other assets to investment in unconsolidated entities, net Transfer of other assets to property, construction, and office equipment - net Income tax expense recognized in total comprehensive income Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives ) ) Accrued excise tax and other share repurchases Miscellaneous increases (decreases) to investments in unconsolidated entities ) At October 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in receivables, prepaid expenses, and other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-43 

18. 
 Land sales and other (1) 
 Gross profit (loss): Home sales Land sales and other (1) 
 ) Income before income taxes Net income Earnings per share (2) 
 Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of shares Basic Diluted Fiscal 2023: Revenue: Home sales Land sales and other Gross profit (loss): Home sales Land sales and other ) ) ) Income before income taxes Net income Earnings per share (2) 
 Basic Diluted Weighted-average number of shares Basic Diluted 
 (1) Land sales and other revenue and gross profit in the three months ended April 30, 2024 included million and million, respectively, related to the sale of a single parcel of land in northern Virginia to a commercial developer. 
 (2) Due to rounding, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share amounts may not equal the reported earnings per share for the year. 

F-44 

<EX-4.46>
 2
 tol-2024x1031x10kxex446.htm
 EX-4.46

Document 

Exhibit 4.46 
 THIS THIRTY-FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE , dated as of October 31, 2024, by and among TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP. (the Issuer ), the parties listed on Schedule A hereto (collectively, the Additional Guarantors and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as trustee (the Trustee ). Capitalized terms used in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and not otherwise defined herein (including terms used on Exhibit A attached hereto) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012, by and among the Issuer, Toll Brothers, Inc., as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee (as more fully described on Exhibit A attached hereto). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Section 4.04 of the Indenture provides that if in accordance with the provisions of the Revolving Credit Facility the Company adds, or causes to be added, any Subsidiary that was not a Guarantor at the time of execution of the Original Indenture as a guarantor under the Revolving Credit Facility, such Subsidiary shall contemporaneously become a Guarantor under the Indenture 
 WHEREAS, desiring to become a Guarantor under the Indenture, each of the Additional Guarantors is executing and delivering this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and 
 WHEREAS, the consent of Holders to the execution and delivery of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture is not required, and all other actions required to be taken under the Indenture with respect to this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture have been taken. 
 NOW, THEREFORE IT IS AGREED 
 Section 1. Joinder . Each of the Additional Guarantors agrees that by its entering into this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, it hereby unconditionally guarantees all of the Issuer s obligations under (i) the 4.875 Senior Notes due November 15, 2025, (ii) the 4.875 Senior Notes due March 15, 2027, (iii) the 4.350 Senior Notes due February 15, 2028 (iv) the 3.800 Senior Notes due November 1, 2029 (v) any other Securities of any Series that has the benefit of Guarantees of other Subsidiaries of the Company, and (vi) the Indenture (as it relates to all such Series) on the terms set forth in the Indenture, as if each of the Additional Guarantors was a party to the Original Indenture. 
 Section 2. Ratification of Indenture . This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture is executed and shall be construed as an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, and as supplemented and modified hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 
 Section 3. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 Section 4. Successors and Assigns . All covenants and agreements in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture by each of the Additional Guarantors shall bind each of the Additional Guarantor s successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 Section 5. Separability Clause . In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable 

in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Section 6. Governing Law . This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture is subject to the provisions of the TIA that are required to be part of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and shall, to the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions. 
 Section 7. Counterparts . This Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile, PDF and electronic signatures shall be deemed originals for the purposes of this instrument. 
 Section 8. Role of Trustee . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 TOLL BROTHERS FINANCE CORP., as Issuer By s Michael J. Grubb Name Michael J. Grubb Title Senior Vice President THE ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR NAMED ON SCHEDULE A HERETO, as Guarantor 
 By s Michael J. Grubb Name Michael J. Grubb Title Designated Officer THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, as Trustee By s Stacey B. Poindexter Name Stacey B. Poindexter Title Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRTY-FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 TO INDENTURE DATED AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2024 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 Additional Guarantors as of October 31, 2024 

TB Realty Las Vegas LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 
 TB Realty North Carolina LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company 
 TB Realty Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 For purposes of this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, the term Indenture shall mean that certain Indenture, dated as of February 7, 2012 (the Original Indenture by and among Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. as Guarantor, the other Guarantors identified therein and the Trustee, as supplemented by (i) the Authorizing Resolutions, related to the issuance of 300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2022 (the 5.875 Senior Notes by Toll Brothers Finance Corp. (the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of January 31, 2012 (ii) the issuance of 119,876,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.875 Senior Notes issued by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors in an exchange for a portion of the Issuer s outstanding 6.875 Senior Notes due 2012 and 5.95 Senior Notes due 2013 (iii) the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2012 (the First Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (iv) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the 300,000,000 principal amount of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2023 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of April 3, 2013 (v) the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2013 (the Second Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (vi) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the 100,000,000 principal amount of 4.375 Senior Notes due 2023 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of May 8, 2013 (vii) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the 350,000,000 principal amount of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2018 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013 (viii) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of November 21, 2013, relating to the 250,000,000 principal amount of 5.625 Senior Notes due 2024 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of November 21, 2013 (ix) the Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2014 (the Third Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (x) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2014 (the Fourth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xi) the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2014 (the Fifth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xii) the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 (the Sixth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xiii) the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015 (the Seventh Supplemental Indenture ), by and 

among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xiv) the Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 (the Eighth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligation as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xv) the Authorizing Resolutions, dated as of October 30, 2015, relating to the 350,000,000 principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2025 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of October 30, 2015 and (xvi) the Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2016 (the Ninth Supplemental Indenture ), by and between the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligation as a Guarantor) and the Trustee (xvii) the Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2016 (the Tenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Tenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xviii) the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016 (the Eleventh Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xix) the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2016 (the Twelfth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xx) the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2017 (the Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxi) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the 300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 of the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities Listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of March 10, 2017 (xxii) the Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2017 (the Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as a Guarantor) and the Trustee (xxiii) the Authorizing Resolutions relating to the add-on offering of 150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.875 Senior Notes due 2027 of the Issuer and the issuance of the related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors, attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities Listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of June 12, 2017 (xxiv) the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 31, 2017 (the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxv) the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2017 (the Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxvi) the Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2017 (the Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxvii) the Authorizing Resolutions related to the issuance of 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.350 Senior Notes due 2028 by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of the Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of January 22, 2018 (xxviii) the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2018 (the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties 

listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxix) the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2018 (the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xxx) the Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2018 (the Twentieth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxxi) the Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2019 (the Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxxii) the Authorizing Resolutions related to the issuance of 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.800 Senior Notes due 2029 by the Issuer and the issuance of related guarantees by the Company and the other Guarantors attached as Exhibit A to the Joint Action of Persons Authorized to Act on Behalf of Each of Toll Brothers Finance Corp., Toll Brothers, Inc. and Each of the Entities listed on Schedule I thereto dated as of September 12, 2019 (xxxiii) the Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2019 (the Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxxiv) the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2019 (the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxxv) the Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2020 (the Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xxxvi) the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2020 (the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the parties listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed their obligations as Guarantors) and the Trustee (xxxvii) the Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2021 (the Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xxxviii) the Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2022 (the Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xxxix) the Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2022 (the Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xl) the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2023 (the Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xli) the Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2023 (the Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xlii) the Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated October 31, 2023 (the Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xliii) the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated April 30, 2024 (the Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee (xliv) the Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 31, 2024 (the Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture ), by and among the Issuer, the party 

listed on Schedule A thereto (who, pursuant to such Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, affirmed its obligations as Guarantor) and the Trustee and as may be further supplemented (including by this Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture) and or amended. 

</EX-4.46>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 directorrsuagreement_fy202.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

Exhibit 10.21 
 TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the RSU or RSU Agreement documents the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock at the date specified herein. This RSU relates to TOTAL shares of Common Stock (the Shares and is granted on this December 19, 2024 (the Date of Grant to NAME (the Grantee and is subject to all applicable terms and conditions set forth in the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 1. Definitions . All capitalized terms contained in this RSU Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan unless otherwise defined herein or as may be required by the context. 
 2. Non-Transferability of this RSU . Grantee shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise dispose of this RSU at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantee s death, this RSU may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 3. Vesting . Grantee s rights under this RSU shall, except to the extent accelerated vesting is provided for under the terms of the Plan or as set forth in this RSU Agreement, become vested with respect to 100 of the Shares on the first anniversary of the Date of Grant provided that Grantee continues service as a member of the Board of Directors (the Board of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Grantee shall become vested with respect to 100 of the Shares governed by this RSU if 
 (a) Grantee s service as a Board member with the Company terminates due to Grantee s death or by reason of Grantee s Disability 
 (b) Grantee s service as a Board member with the Company terminates on or after attainment of age 62 retirement 
 (c) There is a Change of Control and the Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board following such Change of Control or 
 (d) Grantee resigns to accept or pursue a Covered Government Office provided, that any such vesting shall be subject to (i) Grantee providing at least 30 days written notice of his or her intent to accept or pursue a Covered Government Office (which notice period may be shortened by the Company in its sole discretion), (ii) Grantee providing documentation satisfactory to the Company that such resignation is for such purpose, and (iii) confirmation, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that vesting pursuant to this provision would not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation, including all applicable government ethics rules. 
 A Covered Government Office means (i) a full-time position in an elected or appointed office in local, state, or federal government, not reasonably anticipated to be a full-career position, or (ii) conducting a bona fide full-time campaign for such an elective public office after formally filing for candidacy, where it is customary and reasonably necessary to campaign full-time for the office. 
 4. Dividends . Grantee shall not be entitled to any cash, securities or property that would have been paid or distributed as dividends with respect to the Shares subject to this RSU Agreement prior to the date the Shares are delivered to Grantee provided, however, that the Company shall keep a hypothetical account in which any such items shall be recorded, and shall pay to Grantee the amount of such dividends (in cash or in kind as determined by 

the Company) on the same date that the Shares to which such payments or distributions relate are delivered to Grantee. 
 5. Delivery of Shares . 
 (a) Full Vesting . Upon full vesting of this RSU, Shares shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), on or as soon as administratively practicable after, the first to occur of the following 
 (i) The date that is 30 days following the anniversary of the Date of Grant 
 (ii) The date that is 30 days following the date the Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board following the occurrence of a Change of Control 
 (iii) The date that is 30 days following the date the Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board due to Grantee s death or Disability or 
 (iv) The date that is six months and one day following the date the Grantee ceases to be a member of the Board due to the Grantee s retirement. 
 (b) Partial Vesting . If Grantee ceases being a member of the Board due to voluntary or involuntary termination prior to Grantee s rights under this RSU Agreement becoming fully vested, then Shares to the extent vested shall be delivered to Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution), on or as soon as administratively practicable after, 30 days following Grantee s last day as a member of the Board, provided, however, that delivery of such Shares by reason of Grantee s ceasing to be a member of the Board shall be delayed until the six (6) month anniversary of the date of Grantee s ceasing to be a member of the Board to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A(a)(B)(i), and the determination of whether or not Grantee has ceased to be a member of the Board shall be made by the Committee consistent with the definition of separation from service (as that phrase is used for purposes of Code Section 409A, and as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). 
 The Company shall, without payment from Grantee (or the person to whom ownership rights may have passed by will or the laws of descent and distribution) for the Shares (i) deliver to Grantee (or such other person) a certificate for the Shares being delivered or (ii) if consented to by Grantee (or such other person), deliver electronically to an account designated by Grantee (or such other person) the Shares being delivered, in either case without any legend or restrictions, except for such restrictions as may be imposed by the Committee, in its sole judgment, consistent with the terms of the Plan. The Company may condition delivery of the Shares upon the prior receipt from Grantee (or such other person) of any undertakings which it may determine are required to assure that the Shares being delivered are being issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws. The right to any fractional Shares shall be satisfied in cash, measured by the product of the fractional amount times the fair market value of a Share on the date the Share would otherwise have been delivered, as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event of a Change of Control, the Grantee shall receive, at the time that delivery of the Shares is provided for hereunder, the Shares and or such other property or other consideration as is appropriate so that the Grantee receives, as of such date of delivery, whatever the Grantee would have received had the Grantee held the Shares at the time of the Change of Control 
 6. Rights of Grantee . Grantee shall have none of the rights of a shareholder at any time prior to the delivery of the Shares subject to this RSU Agreement, except as expressly set forth in the Plan or herein. 
 7. Notices . Any notice to the Company under this Agreement shall be made in care of the Committee to the office of the General Counsel, at the Company s main offices. Any notice to be given to the Grantee shall be addressed to the Grantee at the address then appearing on the personnel records of the Company or the Affiliate of the Company by which he or she is employed, or at such other address as either party hereafter may 

designate in writing to the other. The Company may provide any notice hereunder through electronic means, including through the Company s equity plan administrator. 
 8. Legal Requirements . If the listing, registration or qualification of Shares deliverable in respect of an RSU upon any securities exchange or under any federal or state law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary as a condition of or in connection with the issuance of such Shares, the Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver such Shares unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained. If registration is considered unnecessary by the Company or its counsel, the Company may cause a legend to be placed on any Shares being issued calling attention to the fact that they have been acquired for investment and have not been registered. The Committee may from time to time impose any other conditions on the Shares it deems necessary or advisable to ensure that Shares are issued and resold in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Committee may from time to time impose any conditions on the Shares as it deems necessary or advisable to ensure that Shares are issued and resold in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 9. Acceleration . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Board shall have the authority to accelerate vesting in its own discretion in amounts and under circumstances where the Board deems it equitable to do so and on conditions reasonably imposed by the Board. 
 10. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. GRANTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY OR AGAINST GRANTEE IN RESPECT OF GRANTEE S RIGHT OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER. 
 11. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions. By physically or electronically acknowledging this Award, Grantee agrees to and acknowledges the following 
 (a) Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan prospectus, included in which is a summary of the terms of the Plan. The summary contained therein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the Plan, copies of which are available with the Company s public filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov, or by oral or written request directed to the Company. Grantee represents that Grantee is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan, and hereby accepts the RSUs, subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Grantee agrees to hereby accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee, or its designee, upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 (b) Grantee understands and agrees that this Agreement and the Plan constitute a binding agreement between Grantee and the Company and represent the entire understanding between Grantee and the Company regarding the Award, and that any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Award are replaced and superseded and 
 (c) Grantee acknowledges the authority of the Board and the Committee, or their designees, to administer and interpret the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 a2023-03_insidertradingpol.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Exhibit 19.1 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 March 2023 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy Policy applies to all employees, officers and members of the Board of Directors of Toll Brothers, Inc. and all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively called the Company and members of their immediate family and household, and provides guidelines for such persons with respect to transactions in the Company s securities. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this Policy, such as contractors or consultants, who have access to Material Nonpublic Information (as defined below). It is your personal obligation and responsibility to understand and comply with this Policy. 
 Background 
 Your purchase or sale of Company securities while aware of Material Nonpublic Information, or the disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information to others who then trade or cause others to trade in the Company s securities, is prohibited by the federal securities laws. Insider trading violations are pursued vigorously by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the Department of Justice and can have severe consequences for the individual insider, the Company and the Company s management, which can range from fines and penalties to incarceration. The Company has adopted this Policy to assist in preventing insider trading and to help you avoid the severe consequences associated with violations of the insider trading laws. 
 Applicability of Policy 
 This Policy applies to all trading and other dispositions of the Company s securities, including without limitation, the purchase or sale of (a) any Company common stock, including stock purchased or sold in the market, stock that may be held for your account in the Company s 401(k) plan (including any initial elections, changes in elections or reallocation of Company stock in such plan), stock acquired under any Company employee stock purchase plan, stock option plan or stock incentive plan, and restricted stock (upon vesting), and (b) any debt securities of the Company or any of its finance subsidiaries. This policy also applies to short-term trades, short sales, transactions in exchange-traded options, such as puts, calls or similar options, hedges, margin loans or pledges, gifts, and standing and limit orders on the Company s securities. It also applies to all trading and other dispositions of another company s securities if an Insider becomes aware of any material nonpublic information concerning another public company obtained in the course of such person s employment or other service with the Company. 
 General Policy 
 It is the policy of the Company to prohibit (a) the unauthorized disclosure of any Material Nonpublic Information and (b) the misuse of any Material Nonpublic Information in securities trading. 
 A. Specific Policies Applicable to all Employees, Officers and Directors 
 (1) Trading on Material Nonpublic Information. No employee, officer or member of the Board of Directors of the Company, no member of the immediate family or household of such person, and no entity controlled by such person (each of whom, for purposes of this Policy, is an Insider may trade the Company s securities while in possession of Material Nonpublic Information, until at least one full trading day has elapsed following the date on which full public disclosure of such information is made by the Company. As an example, if the Company makes an announcement during trading or after the close of trading on a Monday, Insiders may trade in Company securities starting on Wednesday of that week, one full trading day (Tuesday) after the announcement. The term trading day means a day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. 

No Insider may trade the securities of another company while in possession of material nonpublic information that was obtained in the course of such person s employment or other service with the Company. 
 The Company may not, directly or indirectly, trade Company securities while in possession of Material Nonpublic Information related to the Company unless such trading activity otherwise complies with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 
 (a) Definition of Material Nonpublic Information . It is not possible to define all categories of material information. In general, any information, positive or negative, that a reasonable investor would consider important in making a decision to purchase, sell or hold Company securities should be considered material. Nonpublic information is information that has not been previously disclosed by the Company to the general public and is not otherwise available to the general public. If uncertain whether information is nonpublic or material, one should request confirmation from a Legal Department Designee before trading. 
 There are certain categories of information that practitioners generally consider to be particularly sensitive. Depending on the facts and circumstances and the exact nature of the information, information that falls into any of these categories should be given special attention, as the information may be considered material for purposes of this Policy. These categories include 
 Sales, deposit and traffic information, be it for a specific community, division or region, or the Company as a whole 
 Guidance and projections, including with respect to deliveries, average sales price, revenues, gross margin, SG&A, joint venture and other income, pre-tax and net income, earnings per share, community count or other guidance 
 Information about guidance or projections or other aspects of performance that are inconsistent with the disclosure previously made by the Company or with the expectations of the investment community 
 A pending or proposed merger, acquisition, tender offer or joint venture 
 A pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a significant asset or business 
 A change in the Company s capital allocation policy, including dividends, share repurchases, or the declaration of a stock dividend or split 
 The possibility of a public or private offering of securities or other financing 
 Defaults under agreements or actions by creditors or others relating to the Company s credit standing 
 The existence of severe liquidity problems 
 Significant pending or threatened litigation 
 Important developments in existing disputes, claims or litigation 
 The existence of a data breach, ransomware or other cyber attack or 
 Changes in Company management or other personnel changes. 
 
 (2) Tipping. No Insider may disclose tip Material Nonpublic Information to any other person (including family members) where such information may be used by such person by trading in the securities of the Company or by passing the information on to others who may trade, whether or not such person intends to realize a profit from such tip. In addition, no Insider may make recommendations to others or express opinions on the basis of Material Nonpublic Information about trading in the Company s securities. 
 (3) Confidentiality Generally. Information that you obtain in connection with your role with the Company is the property of the Company and the unauthorized disclosure of such information is prohibited by the Company s Code of Ethics, and potentially by civil and criminal laws. Serious problems could be caused for the Company by the unauthorized disclosure of information about the Company (including confidential information about our competitors or other companies with which the Company has business dealings), whether or not for the purpose of facilitating improper trading in Company securities. 
 2 

Insiders should not discuss internal Company matters or developments with anyone outside of the Company, except as required in the performance of regular corporate duties. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, inquiries about the Company which may be made by the press and media. It is important that all such communications on behalf of the Company be made only through an appropriately designated officer under carefully controlled circumstances. Unless you are expressly authorized to the contrary, if you receive any inquiries of this nature, you should decline comment and refer the inquiring party to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations (for investor inquiries) or the Senior Vice President of Marketing (for media inquiries), or, if these individuals are unavailable, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, or other specifically designated representatives of the Company. 
 (4) Trading Windows and Restricted Periods. To ensure compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, it is the Company s policy to permit trading by certain Insiders (as designated from time to time and set forth on the Designated Insiders List (the Designated Insiders )) maintained by the Legal Department during specified open trading windows and to restrict trading for those Designated Insiders at all other times. Trading in Company securities by Designated Insiders outside of an open trading window is strictly prohibited, unless pursuant to an exception under subparagraph (7) below. The trading windows and restricted periods are determined as follows 
 (a) The trading window opens with the opening of the market one full trading day following the issuance of each quarterly earnings press release. Once open, the trading window will remain open until the opening of the market ten trading days immediately prior to the end of the fiscal quarter. 
 
 (b) The restricted period will begin with the opening of the market ten trading days immediately prior to the end of each fiscal quarter (which shall include the last day of the fiscal quarter if a trading day), and will last until the opening of the market one full trading day after the next issuance of our quarterly earnings press release. 
 
 Certain Insiders who may have access to potential Material Nonpublic Information outside the context of the quarterly earnings processes may be subject to additional trading restrictions from time to time, and the Company may recommend that these Insiders be prohibited from trading because of developments not yet disclosed to the public. In such event, such Insiders will be notified of the additional restrictions and will not be permitted to engage in any transaction involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities during such period. Insiders subject to an additional restricted period should not disclose to others (including other Insiders) the fact that they are prohibited from trading. 
 Even during an open trading window, any Insider possessing Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company may not engage in any transaction in the Company s securities until at least one full trading day has elapsed following public disclosure of such information, regardless of whether the Company has specifically recommended a suspension of trading to that person. Trading in Company securities during an open trading window should not be considered a safe harbor from insider trading liability, and all Insiders should use good judgment at all times. 
 (5) Margin Accounts and Pledges of Company Securities. Securities held in a margin account or otherwise pledged to a lender may be sold, in accordance with the margin or pledge agreement, by the broker or lender without your consent if you fail to meet required margin calls. Because such a sale may occur at a time when you have material inside information or are otherwise not permitted to trade in Company securities, all Insiders are prohibited from purchasing or holding Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities. 
 (6) Gifts of the Company Securities. Gifts of Company securities are prohibited by all Insiders when in possession of Material Nonpublic Information and, for Designated Insiders, during restricted periods. In each case, an exception may be made at the discretion of the Legal Department if the donee expressly agrees in writing that it will not transact in Company securities until permitted by a Legal Department Designee. All Designated 
 3 

Insiders are required to notify a Legal Department Designee in writing of any gift of Company securities in advance of the proposed gift. 
 (7) Exceptions. Insiders are or may be permitted to trade Company securities outside of the aforementioned trading windows in the following limited circumstances 
 (a) 401(k) Savings Plan. This Policy does not prohibit purchases of Company stock held in a Company sponsored 401(k) account (to the extent available as an investment option) resulting from periodic contributions of money pursuant to a payroll deduction election however, Designated Insiders may not make elections, including but not limited to elections relating to plan loans, which may impact the balance of Company stock held in their 401(k) accounts during a restricted period, and no Insider may trade in Company stock within their 401(k) if in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 
 (b) Financial Conditions or Needs. In certain cases of financial hardship, permission may be granted to Designated Insiders to sell shares resulting from the exercise of stock options outside of an open trading window (i.e., during a restricted period). Financial hardship, for purposes of this Policy, is an immediate and heavy financial need that cannot be satisfied through any other means. Financial hardship shall be determined in accordance with the IRS regulations governing a hardship withdrawal from a 401(k) plan. The following may be acceptable financial hardships under this Policy 
 Un-reimbursed medical expenses for the Designated Insider, the Designated Insider s spouse, or dependents 
 Purchase of the Designated Insider s principal residence 
 Payment of college tuition and related educational costs such as room and board for the next 12 months for the Designated Insider, the Designated Insider s spouse, dependents, or children who are no longer dependents 
 Payments necessary to prevent eviction from, or foreclosure on the mortgage of, the Designated Insider s principal residence 
 Funeral or burial expenses for the Designated Insider, Designated Insider s parent, spouse, dependents, or children and 
 Repair of the Designated Insider s primary residence following a casualty loss - any sudden, unexpected, and unusual event such as a flood, hurricane, tornado, fire or earthquake. 
 
 A Designated Insider wishing to exercise and sell stock options during a restricted period must deliver evidence of the financial conditions or need to the office of the Chief Accounting Officer and must obtain prior approval from a Legal Department Designee. There can be no assurance that permission will be granted notwithstanding the existence of financial hardship. In no event shall trading be permitted if the Designated Insider is in possession of Material Nonpublic Information, regardless of financial conditions or need. 
 (c) Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Designated Insiders may participate in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP and may direct future purchases of Company stock to be made on an ESPP purchase date that falls during a restricted period, provided that any such election by a Designated Insider may not be made during a restricted period however, no Designated Insider may make an election to purchase or sell Company stock under the ESPP if the Designated Insider is in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 
 (d) Estate Planning Transfers. Designated Insiders may participate in estate planning transfers, but only with prior approval from a Legal Department Designee and provided that the transferor continues to control and directly or indirectly own such transferred Company securities. 
 (e) Vesting. This policy does not prohibit the vesting of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance restricted stock units, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which the Company withholds shares of Company securities to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any such awards, provided that any securities acquired pursuant to the vesting of such award may not be sold or otherwise disposed of during a restricted period. 
 4 

(f) 10b5-1 Plans. Designated Insiders may trade in Company securities outside of an open trading window if such trade is executed pursuant to a valid contract, instruction or plan as described under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (a 10b5-1 Plan ). No 10b5-1 Plan may be entered into, adopted, modified or terminated by a Designated Insider outside of an open trading window, or when the Insider is in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 10b5-1 Plans must include a representation certifying that, on the date the 10b5-1 Plan is adopted, the Designated Insider is not in possession of Material Nonpublic Information and that the 10b5-1 Plan is adopted in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 and specify the number of shares or dollar value to be traded, a price and the date of the trade (or a formula for determining those items). Insiders require approval prior to entering into a 10b5-1 Plan, as described in subparagraph (10) below. 
 Any 10b5-1 Plan that a Designated Insider enters must provide that no purchases or sales shall occur until the expiration of a cooling-off period consisting of the later of (1) ninety days after the date the 10b5-1 Plan is adopted, or (2) two business days after the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the completed fiscal quarter in which the 10b5-1 Plan was adopted (but not to exceed 120 days following the adoption). 
 An individual may not enter into multiple 10b5-1 Plans providing for transactions during overlapping periods except with respect to 
 separate contracts with different broker-dealers or other agents acting on behalf of the Designated Insider that may be treated as a single 10b5-1 Plan 
 one later commencing 10b5-1 Plan under which trading is not authorized to begin until after all trades under the earlier commencing 10b5-1 Plan is completed or expire without execution and 
 a 10b5-1 Plan providing for an eligible sell-to-cover transaction as allowed under Rule 10b5-1. 
 If a proposed new 10b5-1 Plan is designed to effect an open-market purchase or sale of the total amount of securities subject to that plan in a single transaction Single-Trade Plan ), the proposed new Single-Trade Plan may not be entered into if the Designated Insider wishing to enter into the new Single-Trade Plan has, during the prior 12-months, previously adopted another Single-Trade Plan. However, the above limitation on multiple Single-Trade Plans in any 12-month period does not apply if a proposed new Single-Trade Plan is designed solely to execute an eligible sell-to-cover transaction. 
 Any modification to the amount, price or timing of the purchase or sale of the Company s securities underlying a 10b5-1 Plan is considered a termination of such 10b5-1 Plan and the adoption of a new 10b5-1 Plan. 
 This policy does not does not prohibit the purchase or sale of Company securities by the Company in accordance with a 10b5-1 Plan that complies with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 
 (g) Stock Options. Designated Insiders may exercise stock options outside an open trading window if no Company stock is sold in the market to fund the option exercise provided that such Designated Insider obtains the prior approval from a Legal Department Designee. 
 (8) Policy Subject to Change . The Company may announce other restrictions on trading in Company securities when such restrictions are determined to be necessary or appropriate to protect against violations of this Policy. 
 (9) Pre-clearance of Trades. All members of the Board of Directors, Executive Officers (as designated by the Board of Directors for purposes of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K), Regional Presidents, direct reports to the CEO or CFO, and any other individual or role that may be specified from time (the Pre-Clearance Insiders on the Preclearance Insiders List maintained by the Legal Department must obtain approval from a Legal 
 5 

Department Designee prior to trading in the Company s securities (other than pursuant to an approved 10b5-1 plan), even during an open trading window. 
 In order to obtain pre-approval, Pre-Clearance Insiders must, prior to entering any order related to a transaction, (i) obtain the approval of a Legal Department Designee, and (ii) be authorized to transact by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. Upon approval being granted, notice shall be delivered to the office of the Chief Accounting Officer in order to ensure that proper filings are made with the SEC. Insiders shall comply with, and arrange for the delivery of, any additional information required for SEC filing purposes, which Company employees may file on behalf of Insiders as an administrative convenience. 
 Notices required to be delivered to the office of the Chief Accounting Officer may be delivered to the individuals set forth on the Appendix to this Policy. A list of current Legal Department Designees is included in the Appendix to this Policy. Transactions by Pre-Clearance Insiders may be reported to the Chief Executive Officer and, if deemed appropriate, to investor and public relations staff. 
 Even if Pre-Clearance Insiders obtain pre-approval, such individual may not trade in Company securities while in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 
 Discretionary purchases or sales of Company securities by the Company require prior approval from a Legal Department Designee. 
 (10) Pre-clearance of 10b5-1 Plans. All Insiders must obtain approval from a Legal Department Designee before entering into a 10b5-1 Plan. In connection with this approval, a copy of the proposed 10b5-1 Plan must be provided and executed on behalf of the Company by a Legal Department Designee. Any proposed modification or termination of or deviation from an established 10b5-1 Plan will be treated as the adoption of a new plan, which must also be approved. Once such a plan is properly implemented, individual trades made under the 10b5-1 Plan will not require approval and, subject to the provisions in this Policy, may be made at any time, even outside of an open trading window, if the plan properly specifies the dates, prices and amounts of contemplated trades or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices and amounts. 
 
 B. Potential Criminal and Civil Liability and or Disciplinary Action 
 (1) Liability for Insider Trading. Under applicable law, Insiders may be subject to civil penalties of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, criminal fines of up to 1,000,000 and up to ten years in prison for trading in the Company s securities at a time when they have knowledge of Material Nonpublic Information. 
 (2) Liability for Tipping. Insiders may also be liable for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed or caused to be disclosed Material Nonpublic Information about the Company or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed opinions on the basis of such information as to trading in the Company s securities. The SEC has imposed large penalties even if the disclosing person did not trade themselves and did not profit from the tippee s trading. 
 (3) Possible Disciplinary Actions. The Company considers strict compliance with this Policy to be a matter of utmost importance. Knowing or willful violations of this Policy will be grounds for disciplinary action, including immediate dismissal from the Company. 
 C. Applicability of Policy to Inside Information about Other Companies 
 Insiders may obtain material nonpublic information about other public companies for example, competitors or other companies with which the Company has business dealings in the course of their employment with, or other services performed on behalf of, the Company. Insiders are prohibited from trading in the securities of any other public company at a time when they are in possession of material nonpublic information about such company. All Insiders should treat material nonpublic information about such other public companies with the same care required with respect to information related directly to the Company. 
 6 

D. Prohibition on Certain Trading Activities 
 Insiders may not engage in the following transactions 
 (1) Short-Term Trades. Any purchase and sale or sale and purchase of Company securities within thirty calendar days where such subsequent transaction results in an investment gain to the individual placing the transaction. 
 (2) Short Sales. Sales of securities that are not then owned, including a sale against the box (a sale with delayed delivery). 
 (3) Transactions in Exchange-Traded Options. Transactions in publicly traded options in Company securities, such as puts, calls or similar options on Company stock, or in any derivative equity securities of the Company on an exchange or in any other organized market. 
 (4) Hedging Transactions. Hedging or monetization transactions or similar arrangements designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market price of Company securities. 
 (5) Margin Loans and Pledging Securities. Holding Company securities in a margin account or pledging the Company securities as collateral for a loan. The foregoing restriction on purchasing Company securities on margin does not apply to the cashless exercise of stock options (i.e., the exercise of a stock option where the seller sells some of the shares underlying the option to pay the taxes required to be withheld, the exercise price of the options so exercised, and or broker commissions related to the transactions). 
 (6) Standing and Limit Orders. Standing or limit orders on Company securities (other than under an approved 10b5-1 Plan). If an Insider determines that they must use a standing order or limit order, the order must be limited to brief periods of time when the Insider can be reasonably certain the order will not execute at a time when the Insider may possess Material Nonpublic Information and, for Designated Insiders, during a restricted period (except that standing orders may be used for longer periods under 10b5-1 Plans that comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1) and must otherwise comply with the restrictions and procedures set forth in this Policy.. 
 Inquiries 
 If there are any questions relating to this Policy, please contact the Corporate Secretary at the number listed in the Appendix. 
 7 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21>
 5
 tol-20241031x10xkxex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF TOLL BROTHERS, INC. 
 As of October 31, 2024 
 
 A. Corporations 
 
 1. Dominion III Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 2. ESE Consultants, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 3. ESE Consultants, Inc., a Texas corporation. 
 4. ESE of North Carolina, PC, a North Carolina professional corporation. 
 5. First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV, a Delaware corporation. 
 6. First Huntingdon Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 7. GCAM Holding Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 8. Hampton Pointe Club, Inc., a South Carolina non-profit corporation. 
 9. HQZ Acquisitions, Inc., a Michigan corporation. 
 10. Jupiter Country Club, Inc., a Florida non-profit corporation. 
 11. Philmont Insurance Company, a Vermont corporation. 
 12. PRD Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 13. Shapell Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 14. Shapell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 15. TB Proprietary Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 16. The Silverman Building Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation. 
 17. TIS Logistics, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 18. Toll Apartments LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 19. Toll Architecture, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 20. Toll Architecture I, P.A., a Delaware professional corporation. 
 21. Toll Bros. of Arizona, Inc., an Arizona corporation. 
 22. Toll Bros. of North Carolina, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 
 23. Toll Bros. of North Carolina II, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 
 24. Toll Bros., Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 25. Toll Bros., Inc., a Texas corporation. 
 26. Toll Brothers AZ Construction Company, an Arizona corporation. 
 27. Toll Brothers Canada USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 28. Toll Brothers Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 29. Toll Brothers International Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 30. Toll Brothers Mortgage Company, a Delaware corporation. 
 31. Toll Brothers Real Estate, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 32. Toll Brothers Smart Home Technologies, Inc., a New Jersey corporation. 
 33. Toll CA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 34. Toll Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 35. Toll DC GP Corp., a District of Columbia corporation. 
 36. Toll Golden Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 37. Toll Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 38. Toll Land Corp. No. 6, a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 39. Toll Mid-Atlantic V Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 40. Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 41. Toll MI VII Corp., a Michigan corporation. 
 42. Toll NJX-I Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 43. Toll Northeast V Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 44. Toll Northeast Building Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 45. Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 46. Toll Northeast Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 47. Toll NV GP Corp., a Nevada corporation. 
 48. Toll Realty Holdings Corp. I, a Delaware corporation. 
 49. Toll Realty Holdings Corp. II, a Delaware corporation. 
 50. Toll Rental Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 51. Toll Southeast Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 52. Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

53. Toll SW Holding I Corp., a Nevada corporation. 
 54. Toll VA GP Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 55. Toll West Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 56. Toll WV GP Corp., a West Virginia corporation. 
 57. Upper K Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 58. Valeria Sewerage Works Corporation, a New York corporation. 
 59. Westminster Abstract Company, a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 60. Westminster Insurance Agency, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 61. Westminster Title Company, Inc., a California corporation. 
 
 B. Partnerships 
 
 1. Ashford Land Company, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 2. Audubon Ridge, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 3. BelmontLand, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 4. Binks Estates Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 5. Broad Run Associates, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 6. Broad Washington, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 7. Byers Commercial LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 8. CC Estates Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 9. Cold Spring Hunt, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 10. Coleman-Toll Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership. 
 11. Dominion Country Club, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 12. Estates at Princeton Junction, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 13. Fairfax Investment, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 14. First Brandywine Partners, L.P., a Delaware partnership. 
 15. Gibraltar Road LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 16. Greens at Waynesborough, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 17. Hoboken Land LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 18. Hockessin Chase, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 19. Laurel Creek, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 20. Loudoun Valley Associates, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 21. NC Country Club Estates Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 22. Plymouth Apartments Management LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 23. Sorrento at Dublin Ranch I LP, a California limited partnership. 
 24. Sorrento at Dublin Ranch III LP, a California limited partnership. 
 25. South Riding, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 26. Southport Landing Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 27. Springton Pointe, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 28. Stone Mill Estates, L.P. a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 29. Swedesford Chase, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 30. TBI Palm Beach Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 31. The Bird Estate Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 32. Toll Apartments, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 33. Toll at Brier Creek Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 34. Toll at Westlake, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 35. Toll at Whippoorwill, L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 36. Toll Brooklyn L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 37. Toll Brooklyn Pier GP L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 38. Toll Brooklyn Pier L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 39. Toll Brothers AZ Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership. 
 40. TollCA, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 41. TollCA II, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 42. TollCAIII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 43. TollCA IV, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 44. TollCA V, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 45. TollCA VI, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 46. TollCAVII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 

47. TollCA VIII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 48. TollCA IX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 49. TollCA X, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 50. TollCA XI, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 51. TollCA XII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 52. TollCA XIX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 53. Toll CA XX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 54. TollCO, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 55. Toll CO II, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 56. Toll CO III, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 57. Toll CP Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 58. Toll CT Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 59. Toll CT II Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 60. Toll CT III Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 61. Toll CT IV Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 62. Toll DE LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 63. TollDE II LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 64. Toll District 7 LP, a California limited partnership. 
 65. Toll Dolington LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 66. Toll Estero Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 67. Toll FL Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 68. Toll FL II Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 69. Toll FL III Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 70. Toll FL IV Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 71. Toll FL V Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 72. Toll FL VI Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 73. Toll FL VII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 74. Toll FL VIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 75. Toll FL X Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 76. Toll FL XI Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 77. Toll FL XII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 78. Toll FL XIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 79. Toll French Creek LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 80. Toll GA LP, a Georgia limited partnership. 
 81. Toll Gibraltar LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 82. Toll Grove LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 83. Toll Hudson LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 84. TollILHWCC, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 85. TollIL, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 86. TollIL II, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 87. TollILIII, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 88. TollIL IV, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 89. TollILWSB, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 90. Toll Jacksonville Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 91. Toll Land IV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 92. Toll Land V Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership. 
 93. Toll Land VI Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership. 
 94. Toll Land X Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership. 
 95. Toll Land XI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 96. Toll Land XV Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership. 
 97. Toll Land XVI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 98. Toll Land XVIII Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 99. Toll Land XIX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 100. Toll Land XX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 101. Toll Land XXII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 102. Toll Land XXIII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 103. Toll Land XXV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 104. Toll MA Land Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 

105. Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 106. Toll MD AF Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 107. Toll MD Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 108. Toll MD II Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 109. Toll MD III Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 110. Toll MD IV Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 111. Toll MD V Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 112. Toll MD VI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 113. Toll MD VII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 114. Toll MD VIII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 115. Toll MD X Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 116. Toll MD XI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 117. Toll MI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 118. Toll MI II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 119. Toll MI III Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 120. Toll MI IV Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 121. Toll MI V Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 122. Toll MI VI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 123. TollMN, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership. 
 124. TollMN II, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership. 
 125. Toll Naval Associates, a Pennsylvania general partnership. 
 126. TollNC, L.P., a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 127. TollNC II LP, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 128. TollNCIII LP, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 129. Toll NJ, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 130. TollNJ II, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 131. TollNJIII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 132. TollNJ IV, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 133. Toll NJ VI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 134. TollNJVII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 135. TollNJ VIII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 136. TollNJ IX, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 137. TollNJ XI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 138. Toll NJ XII LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 139. Toll NV Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership. 
 140. TollNY L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 141. Toll NYIII L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 142. TollNY IV L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 143. Toll NY V L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 144. Toll Orlando Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 145. Toll PA, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 146. Toll PA II, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 147. Toll PA III, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 148. Toll PA IV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 149. Toll PA V, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 150. Toll PA VI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 151. Toll PA VIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 152. Toll PA IX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 153. Toll PA X, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 154. Toll PA XI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 155. Toll PA XII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 156. Toll PA XIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 157. Toll PA XIV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 158. Toll PA XV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 159. Toll PA XVI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 160. Toll PA XVII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 161. Toll PA XVIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 162. Toll PA XIX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 

163. Toll PA Development LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 164. Toll PA Management LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 165. TollPlaza, LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 166. Toll Realty Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 167. TollRI, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership. 
 168. TollRI II, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership. 
 169. TollSC, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 170. TollSC II, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 171. TollSCIII, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 172. TollSC IV, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 173. Toll Stonebrae LP, a California limited partnership. 
 174. TollVA, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 175. TollVA II, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 176. TollVAIII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 177. TollVA IV, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 178. TollVA V, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 179. TollVA VI, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 180. TollVAVII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 181. Toll VA VIII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 182. Toll WV, L.P., a West Virginia limited partnership. 
 183. Toll YL II, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 184. Toll Washington Square LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 185. Toll-Dublin, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 186. Dolington Land LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership (66.6 owned by Toll Dolington LP) 
 
 C. Joint Venture (Wholly-Owned) 
 
 1. Porter Ranch Development Co., a California joint venture. 
 
 D. Limited Liability Companies 
 
 1. 31 E. Thomas Road LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 
 2. 55 West 17 th Street Partners LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 3. 89 Park Avenue LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 4. 100 Barrow Street LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 5. 100 Barrow Street Member LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 6. 122-130 East 23 rd Street Owner LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 7. 122-130 East 23 rd Street Owner Member LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 8. 126-142 Morgan Street Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 9. 352 Marin LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 10. 353-357 Broadway LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 11. 353-357 Broadway Member LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 12. 353-357 Broadway Owner LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 13. 353-357 Broadway Owner Member LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 14. 700 Grove Street Urban Renewal, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 15. 777 Summer Bank Building LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company. 
 16. 1400 Hudson LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 17. 1450 Washington LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 18. 1451 Hudson LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 19. 1500 Garden St. LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 20. Approvals Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 21. Approvals Management Member LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 22. Arbor Hills Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company. 
 23. Arbors Porter Ranch, LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 24. Belmont Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 25. Belmont Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 26. Block 255 LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 27. Block 268 LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 

28. Brier Creek Country Club I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 29. Brier Creek Country Club II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 30. Broad Washington GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 31. Byers Commercial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 32. Component Systems I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 33. Component Systems II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 34. Corporate Drive Apartments LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 35. CWG Construction Company LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 36. CWG Management LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 37. Dominion Valley Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 38. Dominion Valley Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 39. East Windsor Investments I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 40. East Windsor Investments II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 41. Enclave at Long Valley I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 42. Enclave at Long Valley II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 43. First Avenue Sutton Member LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 44. French Creek Acquisition GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 45. Frenchman s Reserve Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 46. GCAM REO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 47. Gibraltar AB Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 48. Gibraltar Asset Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 49. Gibraltar BBI Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 50. Gibraltar BMI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 51. Gibraltar Capital and Asset Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 52. Gibraltar Real Estate Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 53. Golden Triangle Financial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 54. Goshen Road Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 55. Riverton Pointe Country Club LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company. 
 56. Hasentree Country Club I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 57. Hasentree Country Club II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 58. Hatboro Road Associates LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 59. HBNE Real Estate Investments I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 60. HBNE Real Estate Investments II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 61. HBSE Real Estate Investments I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 62. HBSE Real Estate Investments II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 63. HBWC Real Estate Investments I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 64. HBWC Real Estate Investments II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 65. Heritage Manor Development, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 66. Hoboken Cove LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 67. Hoboken Land I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 68. HSRE-Toll II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 69. Idaho TradeUp LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 70. Jacksonville TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 71. Liseter Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 72. Liseter, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 73. LL Parcel E, LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 74. LL Parcel I Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 75. LL Parcel I, LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 76. Long Meadows TBI, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 77. Mizner Realty, L.L.C., a Florida limited liability company. 
 78. Morgan Street JV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 79. Naples TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 80. Northville Lake Village Apartments Limited Liability Company, a Michigan limited liability company. 
 81. Orlando TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 82. Peachtree Kinetic Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 83. Peachtree Kinetic Owner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 84. Placentia Development Company, LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 85. Plum Canyon Master LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

86. Port Imperial Parcel H, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 87. PRD Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 88. PT Maxwell Holdings, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 89. P.T. Maxwell, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 90. QOF IA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 91. QOF II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 92. QOF III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 93. QOF IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 94. QOF V, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 95. QOF VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 96. QOZB VI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 97. Rancho Costera LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 98. Regency at Denville, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 99. Regency at Dominion Valley LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 100. Regency at Washington I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 101. Regency at Washington II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 102. Regency at Waterside LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 103. Reynoldstown Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 104. Ridge at Alta Vista Investments I LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 105. Ridge at Alta Vista Investments II LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 106. Ridge Residential LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 107. Scituate Residential LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 108. Shapell Hold Properties No. 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 109. Shapell Land Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 110. Snowmass Club I LLC, a Colorado limited liability company. 
 111. Snowmass Club II LLC, a Colorado limited liability company. 
 112. SRLP II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 113. Sterling Grove Country Club LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 
 114. Tampa TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 115. TB 4200 S. Tryon LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 116. TB 19 th Happy Valley LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 117. TB Angeline LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 118. TB Ardmore LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 119. TB Barbee Chapel LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 120. TB Canoga LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 121. TBCH LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 122. TB Choate Circle LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 123. TB Frisco Square LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 124. TB Grace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 125. TB Germantown LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 126. TB Harden Rd LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 127. TB Irish LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 128. TBH Radnor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 129. TBI Insurance Agency LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 130. TB Kent Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 131. TB Knights LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 132. TB Love Drive LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 133. TB Midnight Rodeo LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 134. TB Miller Plaza LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 135. TB Piedmont Park LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 136. TB Point Two Welborn LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 137. TB Port Liberte LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 138. TB Public Ledger LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 139. TB Realty Idaho LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 140. TB Realty Las Vegas LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 141. TB Realty North Carolina LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 142. TB Realty Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 143. TB Realty Utah LLC, a Utah limited liability company. 

144. TB Roy St. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 145. TB Summit LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 146. TB Valley View 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 147. TB Valley View 4 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 148. TB Van Buren LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 149. TB Warm Springs LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 150. TB West Commerce LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 151. TB West Peachtree LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 152. TB White Plains Apartments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 153. The Regency Golf Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 154. The Regency Golf Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 155. TL Oil & Gas LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 156. Toll 7 th Terrace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 157. Toll Amalyn LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 158. Toll Apartments Construction Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 159. Toll Apartments Development LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 160. Toll Apartments GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 161. Toll Apartments Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 162. Toll Asbury Park III LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 163. Toll Asbury Park IV LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 164. Toll Asbury Park Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 165. Toll Aster CA LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 166. Toll Austin TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 167. Toll Austin TX II LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 168. Toll Austin TX III LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 169. Toll BBC LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 170. Toll BBC II LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 171. Toll BCCC, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company. 
 172. Toll-Belpointe LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 173. Toll Brothers Barrow Street LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 174. Toll Brothers Fort Monmouth LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 175. Toll Byline LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 176. Toll CA I LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 177. Toll CA III LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 178. Toll CA Note II LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 179. Toll Canter Square Rentals LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 180. Toll CO I LLC, a Colorado limited liability company. 
 181. Toll College Park LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 182. Toll Commerce LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 183. Toll Corners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 184. Toll Dallas TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 185. Toll Damonte LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 186. Toll DC IV LLC, a District of Columbia limited liability company. 
 187. Toll DC Development LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 188. Toll DC Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 189. Toll DC Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 190. Toll-Dublin, LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 191. Toll East 23 rd Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 192. Toll E. 33 rd Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 193. Toll EB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 194. Toll Ennis LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 195. Toll Equipment, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 196. Toll Estrella LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 197. Toll Etiwanda LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 198. Toll First Avenue LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 199. Toll FL I, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 200. Toll FL II LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 201. Toll FL III LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 

202. Toll FL IV LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 203. Toll FL V LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 204. Toll GC LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 205. Toll GC II LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 206. Toll Gibraltar I LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 207. Toll Gibraltar II LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 208. Toll Glastonbury LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company. 
 209. Toll Hamilton LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 210. Toll Hatcher LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 211. Toll HBL LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 212. Toll Henderson LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 213. Toll Henderson II LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 214. Toll Hoboken LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 215. Toll Holmdel Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 216. Toll House Hahl LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 217. Toll Houston Land LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 218. Toll Houston TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 219. Toll Huntington LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 220. Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 221. Toll IN LLC, an Indiana limited liability company. 
 222. Toll Inspirada LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 223. Toll Jupiter LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 224. Toll Lakes at Creekside GP LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 225. Toll Land VII LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 226. Toll Landscape, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 227. Toll Landscape II, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 228. Toll Landscape NY LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 229. Toll Lexington LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 230. Toll Lexington GC LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 231. Toll MA I LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 232. Toll MA II LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 233. Toll MA III LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 234. Toll MA IV LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 235. Toll MA Development LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 236. Toll MA Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 237. Toll MA Land II GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 238. Toll MA Management LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 239. Toll Matawan LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 240. Toll Maxwell LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 241. Toll MD I, L.L.C., a Maryland limited liability company. 
 242. Toll MD II LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 243. Toll MD III LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 244. Toll MD IV LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 245. Toll MD Realty LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 246. Toll Medway Apartments Holdings GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 247. Toll Mid-Atlantic II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 248. Toll Midwest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 249. Toll Milano LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 250. Toll Moonlite LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 251. Toll Morgan Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 252. Toll Navona LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 253. Toll NC I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 254. Toll NC IV LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 255. Toll NC Note LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 256. Toll NC Note II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 257. Toll Needham LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 258. TollNJ I, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 259. TollNJ II, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 

260. TollNJIII, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 261. Toll NJ IV LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 262. Toll NJ Apartments Management LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 263. Toll Northeast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 264. Toll Northeast VIII LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 265. Toll North LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 266. Toll North Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 267. Toll NV GP I LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 268. Toll NV Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 269. Toll NY II LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 270. Toll Oak Creek Golf LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 271. Toll Orange Terrace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 272. Toll Parcel F Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 273. Toll Parcel H Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 274. Toll Paramus LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 275. Toll Park AvenueSouth LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 276. Toll Parkland GSC LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 277. Toll Parkland LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 278. Toll PA Twin Lakes LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 279. TollPlaza, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 280. Toll Plymouth LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 281. Toll Port Imperial LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 282. Toll Prasada LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 
 283. Toll Provost Square I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 284. Toll Remy LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 285. Toll Rivercrest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 286. Toll Rogers LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 287. Toll San Antonio TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 288. Toll Sea Bright Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 289. Toll Sienna Member LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 290. Toll Southeast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 291. Toll Southeast FL LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 292. Toll South LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 293. Toll South Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 294. Toll Southwest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 295. Toll Southwest II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 296. Toll Sparks LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 297. Toll SW Holding LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 298. Toll Sutton Member Holdings LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 299. Toll Technology Investments, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 300. Toll TS Venture I Member LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 301. Toll TX Note LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 302. Toll Union Place GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 303. Toll VA III L.L.C., a Virginia limited liability company. 
 304. Toll Van Wyck, LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 305. Toll Vanderbilt II LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company. 
 306. Toll Warren Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 307. Toll Warren 25 Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 308. Toll Washington Square GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 309. Toll WBLH Member LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 310. Toll West Coast LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 311. Toll West Coast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 312. Toll Wheeler LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 313. Toll WR2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 314. Tysons West Block C, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 315. Upper K Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 316. Upper K-Shapell, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 317. Vanderbilt Capital LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company. 

318. Van Wyck Residential I LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 319. Van Wyck Residential II LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 320. West Chester Partners Apartments LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 321. Westminster Escrow Company LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 322. Westminster Title Agency, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 323. WR Parcel L LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 324. Byline Property Owner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 100 by Byline Investors LLC) 
 325. Byline Investors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 100 by TB-CBR Byline Venture LLC) 
 326. TB-CBR Byline Venture LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 75 by Toll Byline LLC) 
 327. Huntington GP Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 98.11 by Toll Huntington LLC) 
 328. TB-CDG Orange Terrace, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 86.7 by Toll Orange Terrace LLC) 
 329. TB-CC II 7 th Terrace LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 71 by Toll 7 th Terrace LLC) 
 330. TB-CCF Commerce LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 85 by Toll Commerce LLC) 
 331. TB Milano Apartments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 100 by TB Milano Holdings LLC) 
 332. TB Milano Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 100 by TB-MBPA Milano LLC) 
 333. TB-MBPA Milano LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 97.7 by Toll Milano LLC) 
 334. Toll Brothers Insurance Agency LLC, a Texas limited liability company (owned 80 by TBI Insurance Agency LLC) 
 335. Veranda at TPWR, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (owned 80 by Toll WR2 LLC) 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 6
 tol-20241031x10kxex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 As of October 31, 2024 
 
 Each of the following subsidiaries of Toll Brothers, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has fully guaranteed on an unsecured, joint and several basis each of the debt securities of the Company listed below 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 Dominion III Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 ESE Consultants, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 First Brandywine Investment Corp. IV, a Delaware corporation. 
 First Huntingdon Finance Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 HQZ Acquisitions, Inc., a Michigan corporation. 
 PRD Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Shapell Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Shapell Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 TB Proprietary Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 The Silverman Building Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation. 
 Toll Architecture I, P.A., a Delaware professional corporation. 
 Toll Architecture, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Bros. of Arizona, Inc., an Arizona corporation. 
 Toll Bros. of North Carolina, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 
 Toll Bros. of North Carolina II, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 
 Toll Bros., Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 Toll Brothers AZ Construction Company, an Arizona corporation. 
 Toll Brothers Canada USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Brothers Real Estate, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation. 
 Toll CA Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Golden Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll MI VII Corp., a Michigan corporation. 
 Toll Mid-Atlantic V Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Mid-Atlantic LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll NJX-I Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Northeast V Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Northeast Building Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Northeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Northeast Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll NV GP Corp., a Nevada corporation. 
 Toll Realty Holdings Corp. I, a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Realty Holdings Corp. II, a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Southeast Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll Southeast LP Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll SW Holding I Corp., a Nevada corporation. 
 Toll VA GP Corp., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll West Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Toll WV GP Corp., a West Virginia corporation. 
 Upper K Investors, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Ashford Land Company, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 Audubon Ridge, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Belmont Land, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Binks Estates Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Broad Run Associates, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Byers Commercial LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 CC Estates Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 Coleman-Toll Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership. 
 Dominion Country Club, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Estates at Princeton Junction, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Fairfax Investment, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 First Brandywine Partners, L.P., a Delaware partnership. 
 Hoboken Land LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Hockessin Chase, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 

Laurel Creek, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Loudoun Valley Associates, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 NC Country Club Estates Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 Porter Ranch Development Co., a California joint venture. 
 Sorrento at Dublin Ranch I LP, a California limited partnership. 
 Sorrento at Dublin Ranch III LP, a California limited partnership. 
 South Riding, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Southport Landing Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Stone Mill Estates, L.P. a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Swedesford Chase, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 TBI Palm Beach Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 The Bird Estate Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 Toll at Brier Creek Limited Partnership, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll at Westlake, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll at Whippoorwill, L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll Brooklyn L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll Brothers AZ Limited Partnership, an Arizona limited partnership. 
 Toll CA, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA II, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA III, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA IV, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA V, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA VI, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA VII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA VIII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA IX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA X, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA XI, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA XII, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA XIX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CA XX, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll CO, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 Toll CO II, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 Toll CO III, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership. 
 Toll CT Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Toll CT II Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Toll CT III Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Toll CT IV Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Toll DE LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 Toll DE II LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 Toll-Dublin, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 Toll Estero Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL II Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL III Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL IV Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL V Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL VI Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL VII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL VIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL X Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL XII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll FL XIII Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll GA LP, a Georgia limited partnership. 
 Toll Grove LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll Hudson LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll IL, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll IL II, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll IL III, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll IL IV, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll IL HWCC, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll IL WSB, L.P., an Illinois limited partnership. 
 Toll Jacksonville Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll Land IV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 

Toll Land V Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll Land VI Limited Partnership, a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll Land X Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XV Limited Partnership, a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XVI Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XVIII Limited Partnership, a Connecticut limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XIX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XX Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XXII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XXIII Limited Partnership, a California limited partnership. 
 Toll Land XXV Limited Partnership, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll MA Land Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 Toll MA Land III Limited Partnership, a Massachusetts limited partnership. 
 Toll MD AF Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD II Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD III Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD IV Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD V Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD VI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD VII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD VIII Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD X Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MD XI Limited Partnership, a Maryland limited partnership. 
 Toll MI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MI II Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MI III Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MI IV Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MI V Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MI VI Limited Partnership, a Michigan limited partnership. 
 Toll MN, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership. 
 Toll MN II, L.P., a Minnesota limited partnership. 
 Toll Naval Associates, a Pennsylvania general partnership. 
 Toll NC, L.P., a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll NC II LP, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll NC III LP, a North Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ II, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ III, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ IV, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ VI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ VII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ VIII, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ XI, L.P., a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NJ XII LP, a New Jersey limited partnership. 
 Toll NV Limited Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership. 
 Toll NY L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll NY III L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll NY IV L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll NY V L.P., a New York limited partnership. 
 Toll Orlando Limited Partnership, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Toll PA Development LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA Management LP, a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA II, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA III, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA IV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA VI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA VIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA IX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA X, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 

Toll PA XIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XIV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XV, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XVI, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XVII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XVIII, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll PA XIX, L.P., a Pennsylvania limited partnership. 
 Toll Realty Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 Toll RI, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership. 
 Toll RI II, L.P., a Rhode Island limited partnership. 
 Toll SC, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll SC II, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll SC III, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll SC IV, L.P., a South Carolina limited partnership. 
 Toll Stonebrae LP, a California limited partnership. 
 Toll VA, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA II, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA III, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA IV, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA V, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA VI, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA VII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll VA VIII, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll WV, L.P., a West Virginia limited partnership. 
 Toll YL II, L.P., a California limited partnership. 
 89 Park Avenue LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 126-142 Morgan Street Urban Renewal LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 352 Marin LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 700 Grove Street Urban Renewal, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 1400 Hudson LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 1450 Washington LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 1451 Hudson LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 1500 Garden St. LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Arbor Hills Development LLC, a Michigan limited liability company. 
 Arbors Porter Ranch, LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Belmont Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Belmont Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Block 255 LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Block 268 LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Brier Creek Country Club I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Brier Creek Country Club II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Byers Commercial LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Component Systems I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Component Systems II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 CWG Construction Company LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Dominion Valley Country Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Dominion Valley Country Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Enclave at Long Valley I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Enclave at Long Valley II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Frenchman s Reserve Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Goshen Road Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 Hatboro Road Associates LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 Hoboken Cove LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Hoboken Land I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Jacksonville TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Liseter Land Company LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 Liseter, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 LL Parcel E, LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Long Meadows TBI, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 Mizner Realty, L.L.C., a Florida limited liability company. 
 Morgan Street JV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Naples TBI Realty, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Orlando TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Placentia Development Company, LLC, a California limited liability company. 

Plum Canyon Master LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 PRD Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 PT Maxwell Holdings, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 P.T. Maxwell, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Rancho Costera LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Regency at Denville, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Regency at Dominion Valley LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Regency at Washington I LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Regency at Washington II LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Shapell Hold Properties No. 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Shapell Land Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 SRLP II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Tampa TBI Realty LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 TB Kent Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 TB Realty Idaho LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 TB Realty Las Vegas LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 TB Realty North Carolina LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 TB Realty Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 TB Realty Utah LLC, a Utah limited liability company. 
 The Regency Golf Club I LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 The Regency Golf Club II LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Toll Aster CA LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll Austin TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll Austin TX II LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll Austin TX III LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll BBC LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll BBC II LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll CA I LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll CA III LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll CA Note II LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll CO I LLC, a Colorado limited liability company. 
 Toll Corners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Dallas TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll-Dublin, LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll EB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Equipment, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Etiwanda LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll FL I, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Toll FL IV LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Toll FL V LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Toll Glastonbury LLC, a Connecticut limited liability company. 
 Toll Hamilton LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll Henderson LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll Hoboken LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Houston Land LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll Houston TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll ID I LLC, an Idaho limited liability company. 
 Toll IN LLC, an Indiana limited liability company. 
 Toll Jupiter LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 Toll Land VII LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Toll Lexington LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Toll MA Development LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll MA Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll MA Land II GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll MA Management LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll Matawan LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll MA I LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll MA II LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll MA III LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll MA IV LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company. 
 Toll MD I, L.L.C., a Maryland limited liability company. 
 Toll MD II LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 Toll MD III LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 
 Toll MD IV LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. 

Toll Mid-Atlantic II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Midwest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Moonlite LLC, a California limited liability company. 
 Toll Morgan Street LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll NC I LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Toll NC IV LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Toll NC Note LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Toll NC Note II LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company. 
 Toll NJ I, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll NJ II, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll NJ III, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll NJ IV LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company. 
 Toll Northeast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Northeast VIII LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll North LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll North Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll NV GP I LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll NV Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll NY II LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Toll PA Twin Lakes LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company. 
 Toll Prasada LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 
 Toll San Antonio TX LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll Southeast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll South LV LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll South Reno LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll Southwest LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Southwest II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll Sparks LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll SW Holding LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 
 Toll TX Note LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 
 Toll VA III L.L.C., a Virginia limited liability company. 
 Toll Van Wyck, LLC, a New York limited liability company. 
 Toll Vanderbilt II LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company. 
 Toll West Coast LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Toll West Coast II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Upper K Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Upper K-Shapell, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Vanderbilt Capital LLC, a Rhode Island limited liability company. 
 
 Debt Securities of the Company Guaranteed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 4.875 Senior Notes due November 2025 
 4.875 Senior Notes due March 2027 
 4.350 Senior Notes due February 2028 
 3.800 Senior Notes due November 2029 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 7
 tol-20241031x10kxex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-144230) pertaining to the Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (2007) of Toll Brothers, Inc., as amended, 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-194533) pertaining to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Employees (2014), 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211918) pertaining to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan for Non-Executive Directors (2016), 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217628) pertaining to the Toll Brothers, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2017), 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232005) pertaining to the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and 
 6. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-277928) of Toll Brothers, Inc., Toll Corp., First Huntingdon Finance Corp., Toll Brothers Finance Corp., and the additional registrants named therein, and in the related Prospectus 
 
 of our reports dated December 20, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Toll Brothers, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Toll Brothers, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Toll Brothers, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 December 20, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 tol-20241031x10qxex3101.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Douglas C. Yearley Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Signed s Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Name Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Date December 20, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 tol-20241031x10qxex3102.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Martin P. Connor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Signed s Martin P. Connor Name Martin P. Connor Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Date December 20, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 tol-20241031x10qxex3201.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company for the year ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Douglas C. Yearley Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Douglas C. Yearley Jr. Name Douglas C. Yearley, Jr. 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date December 20, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 tol-20241031x10qxex3202.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Toll Brothers, Inc. (the Company for the year ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Martin P. Connor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Martin P. Connor Name Martin P. Connor Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Date December 20, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 12
 ex97tbclawbackpolicy_10-20.htm
 EX-97

Document 

Exhibit 97 
 
 COMPENSATION CLAWBACK POLICY 
 I. Purpose 
 Toll Brothers, Inc., on behalf of it and each of its subsidiaries (the Company ), is establishing this clawback policy to appropriately align the interests of those employees of the Company who are subject to this policy, including employees that have been designated as Executive Officers or Designated Officers (each, as defined below), with the interest of the Company. 
 At the recommendation of its Executive Compensation Committee , this policy has been approved by the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company and is effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). This policy supersedes the Policy Regarding Executive Compensation Recoupment adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on January 20, 2016. 
 II. Administration 
 This policy shall be administered by the Executive Compensation Committee, which shall have the authority to (i) exercise all of the powers granted to it under the policy, (ii) construe, interpret, and implement this policy, (iii) make all determinations necessary or advisable in administering this policy, (iv) amend this policy, including to reflect changes in applicable law, and (iv) delegate such matters as it deems fit under this policy. This policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue other remedies that the Company may deem appropriate under the circumstances and under applicable law. This policy and determinations and decisions made by the Executive Compensation Committee pursuant to this policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and Designated Officers, and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 III. Mandatory Recoupment 
 1. The Company will recover reasonably promptly the amount of any erroneously awarded Incentive Based Compensation Received by its Executive Officers in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 2. Incentive Based Compensation that is subject to this Section III of the policy consists of all Incentive Based Compensation Received during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in paragraph 1. Recovery is applicable to any person who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for any such Incentive Based Compensation (regardless of whether such person is a current or former employee or Executive Officer of the Company). Only Incentive Based Compensation that is Received (i) on or after the Effective Date, (ii) by a person after beginning service as an Executive Officer and (iii) while the 
 
 Adopted November 2023 

Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association is subject to recovery under this Section III. 
 3. For purposes of determining the relevant recovery period, the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement is the earlier to occur of 
 a. The date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in paragraph 1 above or 
 b. The date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an accounting restatement as described in paragraph 1 above. 
 4. The amount of Incentive Based Compensation that must be recovered erroneously awarded compensation is the amount of Incentive Based Compensation Received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, and must be computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement, the amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Based Compensation was received. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). The Executive Compensation Committee shall have discretion to determine the method by which any erroneously awarded compensation is to be recovered. 
 5. Incentive Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. Financial Reporting Measures are measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return are also Financial Reporting Measures. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 6. Incentive Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the Incentive Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment, grant or certification of achievement of the Incentive Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 7. An Executive Officer of the Company is the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Executive Officers of the Company s subsidiaries may be deemed Executive Officers of the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. The Board shall annually designate those employees of the Company that it deems to be executive officers for purposes of this policy, which officers shall exclusively comprise the pool of Executive Officers of the Company. 
 2 

8. The Company may not indemnify any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of any erroneously awarded compensation. 
 9. The Company must recover erroneously awarded compensation in compliance with this Section III of the policy except to the extent that the Executive Compensation Committee has determined that at least one of the conditions set forth in Section 303A.14(c)(iv) of the NYSE s Listed Company Manual is met. 
 10. The provisions of this Section III of the policy are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Executive Compensation Committee shall construe any ambiguity in this policy in such a manner as, in its judgment, comports with the provisions of such Section 303A.14. 
 IV. Recoupment at the Board s Discretion Applicable to Certain Non-Executive Officers 
 1. In the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (any such event, a Clawback Event ), then the Executive Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by applicable law, seek to recover all or any portion of Recoverable Amounts awarded or received by any Designated Officer on or after the Effective Date. 
 2. In determining the appropriate action to take, the Executive Compensation Committee may consider such factors as it deems appropriate, including 
 the associated costs and benefits of seeking the Recoverable Amounts, 
 the requirements of applicable law and contracts, 
 the extent to which the Designated Officer participated or otherwise bore responsibility for the Clawback Event, and 
 the extent to which the Designated Officer s current compensation may or may not have been impacted had the Board, or the Executive Compensation Committee, known about the Clawback Event. 
 3. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Executive Compensation Committee may seek to recoup Recoverable Amounts by all legal means available, including but not limited to, by requiring any affected Designated Officer to repay such amount to the Company, by set-off, by reducing future compensation of the affected Designated Officer, or by such other means or combination of means as the Executive Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, determines to be appropriate. 
 V. General 
 1. Nothing in this policy will limit in any respect (i) the Company s right to take or not to take any action with respect to any Executive Officer, Designated Officer or any other person s employment or (ii) the obligation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer or Chief 
 3 

Financial Officer to reimburse the Company in accordance with Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. 
 2. Any determination regarding this policy and any application and implementation thereof need not be uniform with respect to each person subject to this policy or payment recovered or forfeited under this policy. 
 3. This policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of law thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 4. Terms not otherwise defined in this policy have the following meanings 
 Designated Officer means each employee of the Company who receives an equity award under the Toll Brothers, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) on or after the Effective Date of this policy, other than employees who are, or were, Executive Officers and therefore subject to the mandatory recoupment provisions set forth in Section III. 
 Recoverable Amounts means (i) any equity compensation (including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units (whether or not performance-based), and any other equity awards) or (ii) any severance or cash incentive-based compensation (other than base salary), in each case, to the extent permitted under applicable law. 
 
 4 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tol-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tol-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tol-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tol-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tol-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

