<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K_edgar_data_1397016_0001493152-24-050771.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21991253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>218909</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15192262</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2786716</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1615382</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1968650</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-050771.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241219160052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-050771
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Optex Systems Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPTICAL INSTRUMENTS & LENSES [3827]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0929

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41644
		FILM NUMBER:		241563246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 PRESIDENTIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-764-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1420 PRESIDENTIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sustut Exploration Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070419

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-050771.txt : 20241219

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ until ___ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
Registered under Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The

Securities
Registered under Section 12(g) of the Act 

 Common
Stock, par value .001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the 4,732,068 shares of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the Nasdaq closing price
on March 31, 2024 was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Shares
 Outstanding 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 December
 19, 2024 
 
 Common
 Stock 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 18 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 26 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 26 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 58 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 58 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 58 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 58 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 58 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K by Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. Optex Systems Holdings, the Company, we, 
 us, or our ), in particular Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical
fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10- K and other reports, statements, and
information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission or SEC ), in our press releases,
presentations to securities analysts or investors, or in oral statements made by or with the approval of an executive officer, the words
or phrases believes, may, will, expects, should, continue, 
 anticipates, intends, will likely result, estimates, projects or
similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events, including, but not
limited to, any statements regarding our growth strategy; product and development programs; financial performance and financial condition
(including revenue, net income, profit margins and working capital); orders and backlog; expected timing of contract deliveries to customers
and corresponding revenue recognition; increases in the cost of materials and labor; costs remaining to fulfill contracts; contract loss
reserves; labor shortages; follow-on orders; supply chain challenges; the continuation of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash
balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies on our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; and the economy in general or the future
of the defense industry. 

We
caution that these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results
may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, continued
funding of defense programs and military spending, the timing of such funding, general economic and business conditions, including unforeseen
weakness in the Company s markets, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology
and methods of marketing, delays in completing engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in
product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, changes in the U.S. Government s
interpretation of federal procurement rules and regulations, changes in spending due to policy changes in any new federal presidential
administration, market acceptance of the Company s products, shortages in components, production delays due to performance quality
issues with outsourced components, inability to fully realize the expected benefits from acquisitions and restructurings or delays in
realizing such benefits, challenges in integrating acquired businesses and achieving anticipated synergies, changes to export regulations,
increases in tax rates, changes to generally accepted accounting principles, difficulties in retaining key employees and customers, unanticipated
costs under fixed-price service and system integration engagements, changes in the market for microcap stocks regardless of growth and
value and various other factors beyond our control. Some of these risks and uncertainties are identified in this Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the section Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and you are urged to review that section. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all
such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete list of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

We
do not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. You should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors
described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Current
Lines of Business 

We manufacture optical sighting systems and assemblies for the U.S. Department
of Defense, foreign military applications, commercial markets, and consumer markets with the recent acquisition of the Speedtracker Mach
product line. Our products are installed on a variety of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams and Bradley fighting vehicles,
light armored and advanced security vehicles and the Stryker family of vehicles. We also manufacture and deliver numerous periscope configurations,
rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. Our products consist primarily of build-to-customer print products
that are delivered both directly to the armed services and to other defense prime contractors. Less than 1 of our revenue is related
to the resale of products substantially manufactured by others. In this case, the product would likely be a simple replacement part of
a larger system previously produced by us. 

We
continue to field new product opportunities from both domestic and international customers. We believe that given continuing unrest in
multiple global hot spots , the need for precision optics continues to increase. Most of these requirements are for observation and situational
awareness applications; however, we continue to see requests for higher magnification and custom reticles in various product modifications.
The basic need to protect the soldier while providing information about the mission environment continues to be the primary driver for
these requirements. 

Recent
Events 

January
2024 Asset Acquisition 

On
January 18, 2024, we entered into an asset purchase agreement and a contract
manufacturing agreement with RUB Aluminium s.r.o. RUB ). Under the agreements, the Company acquired certain intellectual
property and technical and marketing information relating to the Speedtracker Mach product line, which is primarily used for firearm projectile
speed detection, measuring and tracking. The Company acquired the assets using 1 million cash on hand, with potential additional future
cash payments based on successful completion of defined milestones. After the acquisition, the Company determined it would be more economical
to move the manufacturing operations in house and is no longer ordering assembled units under the original contract manufacturing agreement.
RUB will continue to provide the Company with purchased kit parts for the manufacture of the Speedtracker Mach products. 

The
acquisition included transaction costs of 30 thousand for legal fees and a contingent liability for payment against an earnout
based on meeting certain revenue milestones. As of September 29, 2024, the fair value of the contingent liability was zero. Pursuant
to the asset purchase agreement, the total earnout payment will be 238 thousand only if the earnout revenue milestone is achieved
during the earnout period, otherwise the earnout will be zero. As of September 29, 2024, the Company determined the likelihood of
achieving the revenue milestone during the earnout period was highly unlikely. The intangible asset will be amortized on a
straight-line basis over a seven-year period. 

Recent
Orders 

On
 December 11, 2024, the Company announced it had been awarded a three-year, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract
 for Optically Improved Periscopes from DLA Land and Marine with a maximum potential value of 6.5 million and two additional option
 years. Production will be completed at our Optex Division of Optex Systems, Inc. in Richardson. 

On
 December 10, 2024, the Company announced it had been awarded a new contract for Laser Filter Units and Window Assemblies supporting
 Night Vision devices utilized by the U.S. Armed Forces. The order value is 2.0 million with deliveries covering March
 2025 through February 2026. Production will be completed at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

On
 September 23, 2024, the Company announced it had been awarded contracts from two domestic customers for laser protected periscopes
 in support of ongoing armored vehicle production. The total value is 2.1 million with expected deliveries covering May 2025 through
 April 2026. Production will be completed at our Optex Division of Optex Systems, Inc. in Richardson. 

On
 July 8, 2024, the Company announced an award for a new contract for laser filter units supporting the XM-157 NGWS Scope. The order
 value is 2.5 million with deliveries covering August 2024 through July 2025. The products for this contract will be manufactured
 at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

On
 May 6, 2024, the Company announced it had been awarded a new contract from a U.S. government prime contractor, for laser protected
 periscopes in support of the Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV). The order value is 3.8 million with deliveries covering November 2024 through March 2026. Production will be completed at our Optex Division of Optex Systems, Inc. in Richardson. 

4 

On
 May 1, 2024, the Company announced a new contract from a U.S. government prime contractor, in support of a Night Vision Goggle
 Binocular program. The order value is 1.5 million with deliveries covering most of fiscal 2025. The products for this contract will be
 manufactured at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

On
 April 16, 2024, the Company announced it had received an initial purchase order of 0.2 million for Laser Filter Assemblies
 supporting the new U.S. Military IVAS Program. The products for this contract will be manufactured at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. with deliveries from April through October of 2024. 

On
 February 5, 2024, the Company announced a new five-year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract from the United States
 Defense Logistics Agency Land and Maritime for Sighting Systems for laser protected periscopes and vision blocks. The maximum value
 for the five-year IDIQ is estimated at 2.8 million. The award includes three base year, and two option years and will be completed
 at our Optex Division of Optex Systems, Inc. in Richardson. 

On
 November 14, 2023, the Company announced the award of a new contract from a U.S. Government Prime Contractor for Sighting Systems
 for 2.9 million. The Sighting Systems are critical in protecting armored vehicles fielded by the U.S. Military. These units will
 be manufactured at our Optex Division of Optex Systems, Inc. in Richardson. 

On
 November 13, 2023, the Company announced it was awarded a new laser filter unit contract from a U.S. Government Prime Contractor,
 in support of a visible sighting system. The order value is 1.3 million and the products for this contract will be manufactured
 at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

On
 October 18, 2023, the Company announced it was awarded a new laser filter unit contract from
 a U.S. Government Prime Contractor, in support of a visible sighting system. The order value
 is 1.1 million and the products for this contract will be manufactured at the Applied Optics Center Division of Optex Systems, Inc. 

Products 

Our
products are installed on various types of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams, and Bradley and Stryker families of fighting
vehicles, as well as light armored and armored security vehicles. We also manufacture and deliver numerous periscope configurations,
rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. We deliver our products both directly to the federal government and
to prime contractors. 

In
addition, the Company offers military specification mil-spec quality High Efficiency Anti-Reflective Coatings for Infrared
applications in both the military and commercial markets. These coatings are manufactured at the Applied Optics Center AOC Division
of the Company in Dallas, Texas. 

We
deliver high volume products, under multi-year contracts, to large defense contractors and government customers. Increased emphasis in
the past several years has been on new opportunities to promote and deliver our products in foreign military sales, where U.S.-manufactured
combat and wheeled vehicles are supplied (and upgraded) in cooperation with the U.S. Department of Defense. We have a reputation for
quality and credibility with our customers as a strategic supplier. We also anticipate the opportunity to integrate some of our night
vision and optical sights products into commercial applications. 

Specific
product categories by product line include: 

Product
 Line 
 
 Product
 Category 
 
 Periscopes

Laser
 Non-Laser Protected Plastic Glass Periscopes, Electronic M17 Day/Thermal Periscopes, Vision Blocks 

Sighting
 Systems 
 
 Back
 Up Sights, Digital Day and Night Sighting Systems DDAN ), M36 Thermal Periscope, Unity Mirrors, Optical Weapon System Support and
 Maintenance OWSS ), Commander Weapon Station Sight CWSS ), Sight Assembly Refurbishment GOI MOD/Aquila 

Howitzers

M137
 Telescope, M187 Mount, M119 Aiming Device, XM10 Aiming Circle 

5 

Other

Muzzle
 Reference Systems MRS ), Binoculars, Collimators, Speedtracker, Optical Lenses Elements, Windows 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 Laser
 Interference Filter LIF ), Optical Assemblies, Laser Filter Units LFU ), Reticles, Day Windows, Binoculars, Specialty Thin
 Film Coatings. 

Contracts 

Some
of our contracts may allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to Federal
Acquisition Regulation FAR 52.232-16, Progress Payments . Subject to certain limitations, this clause
provides for government payment of up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To
the extent any contracts allow for progress payments and the respective contracts would result in significant preproduction cash
requirements for design, process development, tooling, material or other resources which could exceed our current working capital or
line of credit availability, we intend to utilize this benefit to minimize any potential negative impact on working capital prior to
receipt of payment for the associated contract deliveries. 

Our
government contracts allow for FAR 52.243-1 which entitles the contractor to an equitable adjustment 
for contract or statement of work changes affecting cost or time of performance. In essence, an equitable price adjustment request is
a request for a contract price modification (generally an increase) that allows for the contractor to be made whole for
additional costs incurred which were necessitated by some modification of the contract effort. This modification may come from an overt
change in U.S. Government requirements or scope, or it may come from a change in the conditions surrounding the contract (e.g., differing
site conditions or late delivery of U.S. Government-furnished property) which result in statement of work additions, deletions, part
substitutions, schedule or other changes to the contract which impact the contractor s overall cost to complete. 

Each
contract with our customers has specific quantities of material that need to be purchased, assembled, and then shipped. Prior to bidding
for a contract, we contact potential sources of material and receive qualified quotations for each material. In some cases, the entire
volume is given to a single supplier and in other cases, the volume might be split between several suppliers. If a contract has a single
source supplier and that supplier fails to meet their obligations (e.g., quality, delivery), then we would attempt to find an acceptable
alternate supplier, and if successful, we would then renegotiate contractual deliverables (e.g., specifications, delivery or price).
As of December 10, 2024, approximately 7 of our material requirements are single-sourced across 10 suppliers representing approximately
15 of our active supplier order values. Single-sourced component requirements span across all of our major product lines. Of these single-sourced
components, we have material contracts (purchase orders) with firm pricing and delivery schedules in place with each of the suppliers
to supply the parts necessary to satisfy our current contractual needs. See Item 1.A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to
Our Business Certain of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could
have a material, adverse impact on our business for a description of certain supplier risks we face, which description is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Approximately
96 of our contracts contain termination clauses for convenience. In the event these clauses should be invoked by our customer, future
revenues against these contracts could be affected. However, these clauses allow for a full recovery of any incurred contract costs plus
a reasonable fee up through and as a result of the contract termination. We are currently unaware of any pending terminations on our
existing contracts. 

In
some cases, contract awards may be issued that are subject to renegotiation at a date (up to 180 days) subsequent to the initial award
date. Generally, these subsequent negotiations have had an immaterial impact (0 to 5 on the contract price of the affected contracts.
Currently, none of our awarded contracts are subject to renegotiation. 

We
are subject to, and must comply with, various laws and governmental regulations that impact, among other things, our revenue, operating
costs, profit margins and the internal organization and operation of our business. The material laws and regulations affecting our U.S.
government business are summarized in the table below. 

6 

Law/Regulation 
 
 Summary 

Federal
 Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 
 
 The
 principal set of rules is the Federal Acquisition Regulation System. This system consists of sets of regulations issued by agencies
 of the federal government of the United States to govern what is called the acquisition process, which is the process
 through which the government acquires goods and services. That process consists of three phases: (1) need recognition and acquisition
 planning, (2) contract formation, and (3) contract administration. This system regulates the activities of government personnel in
 carrying out that process. It does not regulate the purchasing activities of private sector firms, except to the extent that those
 activities involve government solicitations and contracts by reference. 

International
 Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) 
 
 United
 States government regulations that control the export and import of defense-related articles and services on the United States Munitions
 List. These regulations implement the provisions of the Arms Export Control Act. 

Truth
 in Negotiations Act (TINA) 
 
 A
 public law enacted for the purpose of providing for full and fair disclosure by contractors in the conduct of negotiations with the
 government. The most significant provision included is the requirement that contractors submit certified cost and pricing data for
 negotiated procurements above a defined threshold of 2 million for contracts entered into after June 30, 2018. The law requires
 contractors to provide the government with an extremely broad range of cost or pricing information relevant to the expected costs
 of contract performance, and it requires contractors and subcontractors to submit cost or pricing data to the government and to certify
 that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the data are current, accurate, and complete. A contracting officer may still request
 cost or price data, if necessary, without certification, to determine whether the proposed cost or price is fair and reasonable for
 contracts which are below the threshold. 

We
are responsible for full compliance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). Upon award, the contract may identify certain regulations
that we need to meet. For example, a contract may allow progress billing pursuant to specific FAR clauses incorporated into the contract.
Other contracts may call for specific first article acceptance and testing requirements. The FAR will identify the specific regulations
that we must follow based on the type of contract awarded and contains guidelines and regulations for managing a contract after award,
including conditions under which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, at the government s convenience or for default.
These regulations also subject us to financial audits and other reviews by the government of our costs, performance, accounting and general
business practices relating to our government contracts, which may result in adjustment of our contract-related costs and fees and, among
other things and impose accounting rules that define allowable and unallowable costs governing our right to reimbursement under certain
contracts. 

First
Article Acceptance and Testing requirements consist of specific steps which could be comprehensive and time consuming. The dimensions
and material specifications of each piece of the assembly must be verified, and some products may have in excess of 100 assembled parts.
Once the individual piece parts are verified to be compliant to the specification, the assembly processes are documented and verified.
A sample of the production (typically three units) is verified to meet final performance specifications. Once the units meet the final
performance specification, they are then subjected to accelerated life testing, a series of tests which simulate the lifetime use of
the product in the field. This consists of exposing the units to thermal extremes, humidity, mechanical shock, vibration, and other physical
exposure tests. Once completed, the units undergo a final verification process to ensure that no damage has occurred as a result of the
testing and that they continue to meet the performance specification. All of the information and data is recorded into a final first
article inspection and test report and submitted to the customer along with the test units for final approval. First Article Acceptance
and Testing is generally required on new contracts/product awards but may also be required on existing products or contracts where there
has been a significant gap in production, or where the product has undergone significant manufacturing process, material, tooling, equipment
or product configuration changes. 

We
are also subject to laws, regulations and executive orders restricting the use and dissemination of information deemed classified for
national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data as covered by the International Traffic in Arms
Regulation (ITAR). In order to import or export items listed on the United States Munitions List, we are required to be registered with
the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls office. The registration is valid for one year, and the registration fees are established based
on the number of license applications submitted the previous year. We currently have an approved and current registration on file with
the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls office. Once the registration is approved, each import/export license must be filed separately.
License approval requires the company to provide proof of need, such as a valid contract or purchase order requirement for the specific
product or technical data requested on the license and requires a detailed listing of the items requested for export/import, the end-user,
the end-user statement, the value of the items, consignees/freight forwarders and a copy of a valid contract or purchase order from the
end-user. The approval process for the license can vary from several weeks to six months or more. The licenses we currently use are the
Department of State licenses: DSP-5 (permanent export), DSP-6 (license revisions) and DSP-73 (temporary export) and Department of Commerce:
BIS-711 (export). 

7 

The
above licenses are valid for 48 months from date that each license is issued. A summary of our active ITAR licenses is presented below
(updated as of November 15, 2024): 

Fiscal
 Year 
 Number of 
 Total
 Contract Value
 of 
 
 Active
 ITAR Licenses 
 of
 Expiration 
 Licenses 
 Licenses 

DSP-5 

Issued 2021 
 2025 
 3 
 232,630 
 
 Issued 2022 
 2026 
 4 
 321,722 
 
 Issued 2023 (none issued) 
 N/A 

Issues 2024 
 2028 
 3 
 125,577 
 
 Total
 DSP-5 Licenses 
 
 10 
 679,929 

DSP-6 (no active licenses) 
 N/A 

DSP-73 (no active licenses) 
 N/A 

BIS-711 

Issued 2020 (expires December 31, 2024) 
 2024 
 2 
 15,016 
 
 Issued 2021 
 2025 
 4 
 323,911 
 
 Issued 2022 
 2026 
 1 
 9,372 
 
 Issued 2023 
 2027 
 10 
 1,359,344 
 
 Issued 2024 
 2028 
 7 
 1,270,327 
 
 Total
 BIS-711 Licenses 
 
 24 
 2,977,970 

Total
 All Licenses 
 
 34 
 3,657,899 

These
licenses are subject to termination if a licensee is found to be in violation of the Arms Export Control Act or the ITAR requirements.
If a licensee is found to be in violation, in addition to a termination of its licenses, it can be subject to fines and penalties by
the government. 

Our
contracts may also be governed by the Truth in Negotiation Act (TINA) requirements where certain of our contracts or proposals exceed
the TINA threshold 2 million for awards after June 30, 2018), and/or are deemed as sole source, or non-competitive awards, covered
under this act. For these contracts, we must provide a vast array of cost and pricing data in addition to certification that our pricing
data and disclosure materials are current, accurate and complete upon conclusion of the negotiation. Due to the additional disclosure
and certification requirements, if a post contract award audit were to uncover that the pricing data provided was in any way not current,
accurate or complete as of the certification date, we could be subjected to a defective pricing claim adjustment with accrued interest.
We have no history of defective pricing claim adjustments and have no outstanding defective pricing claims pending. Additionally, as
a result of this requirement, contract price negotiations may span from two to six months and can result in undefinitized or not to exceed
ceiling priced contracts subject to future downward negotiations and price adjustments. Currently, we do not have any undefinitized contracts
subject to further price negotiation. 

Our
failure to comply with applicable regulations, rules and approvals or misconduct by any of our employees could result in the imposition
of fines and penalties, the loss of security clearances, the loss of our U.S. government contracts or our suspension or debarment from
contracting with the U.S. government generally, any of which could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. We are currently in compliance with all applicable regulations and do not have any pending claims
as a result of noncompliance. 

8 

The
terms of our significant contracts with a total award value of more than 1.0 million as of December 9, 2024, are as follows: 

in millions) 

Location 
 Customer 
 Contract/PO 
 Product 
 Type 
 Award 
 Backlog 
 Delivery
 Period 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (1) 
 PO 35515590 
 Sighting Systems 
 FFPQ 
 4.6 
 1.3 
 Dec 2024 - Mar 2027 

OPX 
 DLA Land and Maritime (2) 
 SPE7LX19D0089 
 Periscopes 
 IDIQ 
 1.7 
 0.7 
 Dec 2024 - Nov 2025 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (3) 
 PO 63659 
 XM10 Aiming Circles 
 FFPQ 
 2.3 
 2.3 
 Estimated 2026 

OPX 
 DLA Land and Maritime (4) 
 SPE7LX21D0057 
 Periscopes 
 IDIQ 
 7.4 
 2.5 
 Dec 2024 - Jun 2025 

OPX 
 Government of Israel MOD (5) 
 PO 40385578 
 Refurbish Night Vision Equipment 
 FFPQ 
 3.1 
 2.3 
 2025 - 2026 

OPX 
 DLA Land and Maritime (6) 
 SPE7LX23D0092 
 Periscopes 
 IDIQ 
 2.0 
 1.1 
 Dec 2024 - Oct 2025 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (7) 
 PO 40431189 
 Periscopes 
 FFPQ 
 1.9 
 1.3 
 Dec 2024 - Nov 2025 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (8) 
 PO 40431702 
 Collimators 
 FFPQ 
 1.3 
 1.3 
 Jul 2025 - Mar 2027 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (9) 
 PO 363920 
 Periscopes 
 FFPQ 
 3.7 
 3.6 
 Dec 2024 - Mar 2026 

OPX 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (10) 
 PO 1402471 
 Periscopes 
 FFPQ 
 1.2 
 1.2 
 Mar 2025 

AOC 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (11) 
 PO 40385578 
 Day Windows 
 IDIQ 
 2.9 
 1.0 
 Dec 2024 - Nov 2025 

AOC 
 DLA Land at Aberdeen (12) 
 SPRBL123D0001 
 Light Interference Filters 
 IDIQ 
 4.2 
 2.2 
 Dec 2024 - Dec 2025 

AOC 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (13) 
 PO 4500045346 
 Laser Filter Units 
 FFPQ 
 1.1 
 0.5 
 Dec 2024 - June 2025 

AOC 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (14) 
 PO 921424 
 Light Interference Filters 
 FFPQ 
 1.1 
 1.1 
 Dec 2024 - Sept 2025 

AOC 
 U.S. Prime Contractor (15) 
 PO 244 
 Laser Filter Units 
 FFPQ 
 2.5 
 1.7 
 Dec 2024 - Jul 2025 

(1) 
 The original three-year
 subcontract was awarded on September 11, 2017 to provide LAV 6.0 optimized weapon system support for Optex s Commander Sighting
 System. The contract includes option years to extend the period of performance through 2035 if awarded. The current contract option
 extends the in-service support through March 2027 for their existing fleet of Light Armored Vehicles. 

(2) 
 Prime contract awarded
 March 4, 2019. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for the duration
 of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five years. On February
 27, 2023, the customer exercised the second of two option years extending the ordering period of the contract through March 3, 2024.

(3) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of government contract W15QKN-16-D-0055 for Aiming Circle optical subassemblies. The purchase
 order was awarded on July 30, 2020 for 2 million and amended to 2.3 million on September 14, 2020 and includes non-recurring engineering,
 first article testing and production deliveries. Contract has been delayed pending receipt of customer furnished material and is pending
 changes to the contract delivery schedule. 

(4) 
 Prime contract awarded
 on January 6, 2021. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for the duration
 of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five years for periscopes
 valued up to 14.4 million. On October 7, 2024, option two was exercised by DLA, extending the ordering period from January 6,
 2025 through January 5, 2026. 

9 

(5) 
 Foreign Military Sales
 purchase orders awarded October 27, 2022 to repair and refurbish night vision equipment for the Government of Israel which includes
 an option for an additional quantity up to 100 . Deliveries began December 2023 and are expected to continue through 2026 pending receipt
 of customer units for refurbishment. 

(6) 
 Prime contract awarded
 on June 27, 2023. This is a long-term, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for the duration
 of a base period of three (3) years plus two (2) firm fixed priced option years for a potential total of (5) five years for periscopes.
 The award has a maximum order value of 2.1 million. 

(7) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on November 10, 2023 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(8) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on November 6, 2023 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(9) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on April 24, 2024 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(10) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on September 20, 2024 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(11) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 originally awarded August 29, 2021 with multiple revisions and additions through November 15, 2024. 

(12) 
 Prime contract awarded
 on November 2, 2022 for spare Light Interference Filters associated with various Night Vision Goggle systems. This is a five-year Indefinite
 Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract with firm fixed pricing for the duration of the contract. The award has a maximum order
 value of 7.5 million. 

(13) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on October 16, 2023 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(14) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on April 30, 2024 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

(15) 
 Subcontract purchase order
 awarded on July 8, 2024 by a U.S. prime contractor in support of U.S. government contracts. 

Market
Opportunity U.S. Military 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, approximately 84 of our business was in support of U.S. military products. The chart below
was derived from public government spending sources and depicts total U.S. military spending from 2020 through 2023 and estimated spending
through 2029. The purpose of including this chart is to provide the reader with historical trend data and projected U.S. military defense
and procurement spending over time. However, the Company cannot provide any assurances that the historical trend data is predictive of
future spending. 

For
fiscal year 2025, the Government Publishing Office (GPO) projects total military spending at 878.5 billion, an overall increase of 2.2 
over estimated 2024 spending. The chart below also depicts the GPO s projection of increased spending through 2029 of 6.4 from
the 2025 plan level, reflecting an average increase of 1.6 per year for years 2026 through 2029. For military procurement spending,
a subset of total military spending, the GPO projects an overall increase of 18.6 billion, or 12.6 , in fiscal year 2025 as compared
to the estimated spending in fiscal year 2024. 

The
National Defense Authorization Act NDAA for Fiscal Year 2025 current request of 895 billion has not yet been enacted by Congress
in 2024. The 2025 fiscal year request represents an increase of 11.3 billion, or 1.3 over the prior year NDAA of 883.7 billion.
The chart below depicts the original estimated funding levels from the U.S. Department of Defense based on the Fiscal Year 2025
budget request. 

10 

Source:
Government Publishing Office, U.S. Budget Historical Tables, FY 2025, Table 3.2 Outlays by function and sub function, 1962-2029. 

The
table below depicts the U.S. Department of Defense DoD budget request for fiscal year 2025 for major ground system
programs. The last five years have experienced a significant reduction in spending for U.S ground system military programs, and more
specifically on the Abrams Tank Modifications/Upgrades, which has a direct impact on the Optex Systems Richardson segment revenue.
The total fiscal year 2025 budget request for major ground system programs decreased by 4.7 from the fiscal year 2024 levels and by
27.2 from the fiscal year 2023 levels. Although it is difficult to directly tie the budget request to specific components provided
by Optex Systems, we provide periscopes, collimator assemblies, vision blocks and laser interface filters to the U.S. armed forces
on almost all of the ground system platforms categorized below. 

in Millions) 
 FY2021 
 FY2022 
 FY2023 
 FY2024 
 FY2025 
 
 Joint Light Tactical Vehicle 
 1,408.3 
 1,046.6 
 1,429.7 
 1,191.8 
 1,179.5 
 
 ARMY 

Abrams Tank Modification/Upgrade 
 1,404.2 
 1,264.3 
 1,297.7 
 896.5 
 1,020.2 
 
 Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle 
 132.1 
 984.6 
 1,237.0 
 567.1 
 527.7 
 
 Paladin Integrated Management 
 681.4 
 662.9 
 1,026.8 
 511.6 
 460.2 
 
 Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles 
 211.2 
 144.4 
 233.9 
 142.9 
 153.5 
 
 Family Of Heavy Tactical Vehicles 
 28.8 
 214.0 
 326.3 
 110.6 
 148.9 
 
 Next Generation Squad Weapon 
 125.3 
 127.6 
 199.6 
 328.1 
 389.4 
 
 XM30 Combat Vehicle 
 - 
 194.9 
 519.1 
 996.7 
 504.8 
 
 M10 Booker (Mobile Protected Firepower) 
 - 
 - 
 410.5 
 496.8 
 508.7 
 
 Stryker 
 1,186.3 
 1,112.7 
 1,275.0 
 639.1 
 469.4 
 
 USMC 

Amphibious Combat Vehicle 
 478.1 
 591.9 
 605.4 
 660.8 
 870.5 
 
 Total
 Ground Systems Vehicles (millions) 
 5,655.7 
 6,343.9 
 8,561.0 
 6,542.0 
 6,232.8 

Source:
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller)/Chief Financial Officer, Program Acquisition Cost by Weapon System, United
States Department of Defense, Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request , March 2024 and Program Acquisition Cost by Weapon System,
United States Department of Defense, Fiscal Year 2024 Budget Request , April 2023 and Program Acquisition Cost by Weapon
System, United States Department of Defense, Fiscal Year 2023 Budget Request , May 2022. 

11 

The
2025 Department of Defense Budget indicates an overall decrease in ground system vehicle program spending in the fiscal year 2024 and
2025 appropriation budget years from fiscal year 2023. There is generally a six- to eighteen-month delay between U.S. defense budget
requests and program delivery orders related to our products from government agencies and our prime defense customers. In addition, DoD
budget requests are often changed throughout the congressional NDAA Budgeting and Budget appropriations process. The DoD budget requests
exclude any foreign military sales as they are funded separately from the annual NDAA budgets. We are carefully watching the projected
trends in both DoD military spending and FMS as defense allocation priorities change, as well as challenges which are presented from
the global recession and changes in political climate to ascertain any potential impact to the Company s future revenue. 

The
Applied Optics Center supports numerous other military platforms outside of the ground system vehicles budget, such as infantry rifle
scopes, night vision monoculars, infantry and navy binoculars, night goggles, and infrared aircraft filters. The Applied Optics Center
has seen a substantial increase in orders from new and existing customers in support of the other platforms, which we expect to offset
the impact of the ground systems reductions to their base revenue. 

Market
Opportunity Foreign Military 

Our
products directly support FMS combat vehicles globally, including Canada, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Morocco, Egypt, South
America, and Israel. We have increased efforts to promote our proven military products, as well as newly improved product solutions directly
to foreign military representatives and domestic defense contractors supporting the FMS initiatives. 

We
were successful with the Israeli Ministry of Defense IMOD in refurbishing a small quantity of their Night Vision Rifle Scopes.
Given this success, in November 2022, the IMOD awarded us a 3.4 million follow on contract to continue this activity through 2026. We began
deliveries against the contract during the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. If we successfully execute this contract, we would
expect another contract award of similar size and duration. 

We
are also exploring possibilities to adapt some of our products for commercial use in those markets that demonstrate potential for solid
revenue growth, both domestically and internationally. 

Market
Opportunity Commercial 

Our
products are currently sold to military and related government markets. We believe there may be opportunities to commercialize various
products we presently manufacture to address other markets. Our initial focus will be directed in four product areas. 

Big
 Eye Binoculars While the military application we produce is based on mature military designs, we own all castings, tooling
 and glass technology. These large fixed mount binoculars could be sold to cruise ships, personal yachts and cities/municipalities.
 The binoculars are also applicable to fixed, land-based outposts for private commercial security as well as border patrols and regional
 law enforcement. 

Thin
 Film Coatings The acquisition of the Applied Optics Center also creates a new
 sector of opportunity for commercial products for us. Globally, commercial optical products
 use thin film coatings to create product differentiation. These coatings can be used for
 redirecting light (mirrors), blocking light (laser protection), absorbing select light (desired
 wavelengths), and many other combinations. They are used in telescopes, rifle scopes, binoculars,
 microscopes, range finders, protective eyewear, photography, etc. Given this broad potential,
 the commercial applications are a key opportunity going forward. 

Optical
 Assemblies Through the Applied Optics Center, we are utilizing our experience in
 military sighting systems to pursue commercial opportunities associated with products that
 incorporate multi-lens optical cell assemblies, bonded optical elements and mechanical assemblies.
 There are a wide variety of products in the medical, machine vision, automotive and outdoor
 recreation fields that can benefit from our capabilities. Support to domestic customers for
 these type products has driven significant increases in Applied Optics Segment sales during
 the last five years. 

Optex
 Outdoors This launch brings military-grade optical technology directly to civilian
 marksmen and extreme long-range competitors, expanding Optex s reach beyond its
 traditional military market. The Optex Outdoors webstore offers a curated selection of advanced
 optical products, including riflescope prisms, chronographs, and stabilized viewing products designed
 specifically for the needs of elite shooters and outdoor enthusiasts. Each product is engineered
 and built in Richardson, Texas. 

12 

Customer
Base 

We
serve customers in four primary categories: as prime defense contractor (Defense Logistics Agency DLA Land and Maritime, DLA Warren,
DLA Aviation, U.S. Army, Navy and Marine Corps), as defense subcontractor (General Dynamics, L-3 Communications, Elbit Systems, BAE,
Sig Sauer, Enterprise Cabling and Vortex Optics), as a military supplier to foreign governments (Israel, Australia, South America and
Canada) and as a commercial optical assembly supplier (Nightforce Optics, Gables Engineering). During the twelve months ended
September 29, 2024, we derived approximately 77 of our gross business revenue from six major customers: U.S. government agencies (20 ),
four U.S. defense contractors (25 , 7 , 6 and 6 and one major commercial customer (13 ). We have approximately 150 discrete contracts
for items that are utilized in vehicles, optical product lines and as spare parts. Due to the high percentage of prime and subcontracted
U.S. defense revenues, large customer size and the fact that there are multiple contracts with each entity, which are not interdependent,
we are of the opinion that this provides us with a fairly well diversified revenue pool. 

Marketing
Plan 

We
believe we are well positioned to service both U.S. and foreign military needs by our focus on delivering products that satisfy the following
factors important to the U.S. military : 

Product
 reliability failure can cost lives 

Speed
 to delivery and adherence to delivery schedule 

System
 life cycle extension 

Low
 cost/best value 

Visual
 aids for successful execution of mission objectives 

Mission
 critical products specifically related to soldier safety. 

13 

Potential
Entrants Low Risk to us. In order to enter this market, potential competitors must overcome several barriers to entry. The first
hurdle is that an entrant would need to prove to the government agency in question the existence of a government approved accounting
system for larger contracts. Second, the entrant would need to develop the processes required to produce the product. Third, the entrant
would then need to produce the product and submit successful test requirements (many of which require lengthy government consultation
for completion). Finally, in many cases, the customer has an immediate need and therefore cannot wait for this qualification cycle and
therefore must issue the contracts to existing suppliers. Given the expense and time commitment of development and qualification testing,
the barrier to entry is high for new competitors. 

Buyers
 Medium Risk to us. In most cases the buyers (usually government agencies or defense contractors) have two fairly strong suppliers.
It is in their best interest to keep at least two, and therefore, in some cases, the contracts are split between suppliers. In the case
of larger contracts, the customer can request an open book policy on costs and expects a reasonable margin to have been applied. 

Substitutes
 Low Risk to us. We have both new vehicle contracts and replacement part contracts for the same product. Three combat vehicles
have a long history of service in the U.S. Army. The first M-1 Abrams Tank entered service with the Army in 1980; the M-2/M-3 Bradley
Fighting Vehicle in 1981; and the Stryker Combat Vehicle in 2001. Since it was first fielded in 1980, the Abrams tank has undergone near-continuous
upgrades and improvements and is the principal battle tank of the United States Army and Marine Corps, and the armies of Egypt, Kuwait,
Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Australia. On average, there has been a new improvement package every seven years. The XM30 Mechanized Infantry
Combat Vehicle, formerly known as the Optionally Manned Combat Vehicle, is the U.S. Army s sixth attempt to replace
the Bradley fighting vehicle. The latest Army light tank is the M10 Booker Combat Vehicle, formerly known as the Mobile
Protected Firepower System, and is much smaller than the Abrams main battle tank. The Abrams, XM30, M10 Booker and Stryker vehicles are
the only tanks currently in production by the government. Optex Systems provides periscopes and optical sighting systems in support of
all four vehicle platforms. We expect that these tanks will
continue to be used through approximately 2040. 

Suppliers
 Low to Medium Risk to Optex Systems Holdings. The suppliers of standard processes (e.g., casting, machining and plating) need
to be very competitive to gain and/or maintain contracts. Those suppliers of products that use top secret clearance processes have a
slight advantage; however, there continues to be multiple avenues of supply and therefore only moderate power. 

Consistent
with our marketing plan and business model, the AOC acquisition strengthened our overall position by decreasing the bargaining power
of their suppliers through the backwards integration of a key supplier and created additional barriers of entry for potential competitors. 

The
following matrix reflects the current focus of our four basic approaches for sales and development: 

1) 
 Sell existing products to
 existing customers. 

2) 
 Sell existing products to
 new customers. 

3) 
 Develop new products to meet
 the needs of our existing customers. 

4) 
 Develop new products to meet
 the needs of new customers. 

Existing
 Customers 
 
 New
 Customers 

New
 Products 
 
 US
Army Central Command - Binoculars 
 GDLS
 - DDAN, OWSS 
 
 Israel
 - GOI MOD/Aquila 
 U.S.
 Prime Contractor - XM10 Aiming Circle 

Commercial 
 - Optical Lens 
 Reticles 
 
 Commercial 
 - Optical Lens, Spotting Scopes, Monocular Lens, Chronographs, Optical Wedges 

Existing
 Products 
 
 US
Army Central Command - Periscopes, Back Up Sights, 
 
 Commercial 
 - Optical Lens, Spotting Scopes Monocular Lens 

Binoculars,
 Vision Blocks, 

Laser
 Filter Units 
 
 U.S.
 Prime Contractor Laser Filter Units 

GDLS 
 - Periscopes, Collimators 

BAE 
 - Periscopes 

L3 
 - Laser Interface Filters 

DLA 
 - Optical Elements 

14 

Operations
Plan 

Our
operations plan can be broken down into three distinct areas: material management, manufacturing space planning and efficiencies associated
with economies of scale. 

Materials
Management 

The
largest portion of our costs is materials. Our continuous improvements to effectively manage material costs include the following activities: 

- 
 Successful
 completion of annual surveillance audit for ISO 9001:2008 certificate, with no major nonconformance issues 

- 
 Weekly
 cycle counts on inventory items 

- 
 Weekly
 material review board meeting on non-moving piece parts 

- 
 Kanban
 kitting on products with consistent ship weekly ship quantities 

- 
 Daily
 cross functional floor meetings focused on delivery, yields and labor savings 

- 
 Redesigned
 floor layout using tenant improvement funds 

- 
 Daily
 review of yields and product velocity 

- 
 Bill
 of material reviews prior to work order release 

- 
 Supplier
 management and notification tools for on time delivery and quality tracking 

Future
continuous improvement opportunities include the full implementation and training of the shop floor control module within our ERP system.
We have begun testing and implementation within selected process. 

Manufacturing
Space Planning 

We
currently lease 93,967 square feet of manufacturing space (see Properties ). Our current facilities are sufficient to meet
our immediate production needs without excess capacity. As our processes are primarily labor driven, we are able to easily adapt to changes
in customer demand by adjusting headcounts, overtime schedules and shifts in line with production needs. In the event additional floor
space is required to accommodate new contracts, Optex has the option to lease adjacent floor space at the current negotiated lease cost
per square foot. Consistent with the space planning, we will drive economies of scale to reduce support costs on a percentage of sales
basis. These cost reductions can then be either passed through directly to the bottom line or used for business investment. 

Our
manufacturing process is driven by the use of six sigma techniques and process standardization. Our activities in this area have included
the use of six sigma projects in several production areas which has led to improved output and customer approval on the aesthetics of
the work environment. In addition, we use many tools including 5S programs, six sigma processes, and define, measure, analyze, improve,
control (DMAIC) problem solving techniques, to identify bottlenecks within the process flow, reduce cost and improve product yields.
Successful results can then be replicated across the production floor and drive operational improvements. 

15 

Economies
of Scale 

Plant
efficiencies fluctuate as a function of program longevity, complexity and overall production volume. Our internal processes are primarily
direct labor intensive and can be more easily adapted to meet fluctuations in customer demand; however, our material purchases, subcontracted
operations and manufacturing support costs are extremely sensitive to changes in volume. As our volume increases, our support labor,
material and scrap costs decline as a percentage of revenue as we are able to obtain better material pricing, and scrap, start up and
support labor (fixed) costs and they are spread across a higher volume base. Conversely, as production volumes decline, our labor and
material costs per unit of production generally increase. Additional factors that contribute to economies of scale relate to the longevity
of the program. Long running, less complex programs (e.g., periscopes) do not experience as significant of an impact on labor costs as
production volumes change, as the associated workforce is generally less specialized and can be ramped quickly as headcounts shift. Our more
complex thin laser filter coatings, Howitzer and thermal day/night programs are more significantly impacted by volume changes as they
require a highly specialized workforce and ramp time is longer as the training is more complex. We continually monitor customer demand
over a rolling twelve-month window and in order to anticipate any changes in necessary manpower and material which allows us to capitalize
on any benefits associated with increased volume and minimize any negative impact associated with potential declines in product quantities. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

Disclosure
responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Certain
of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material, adverse
impact on our business. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trade
Secrets and Know-How 

We
utilize several highly specialized and unique processes in the manufacture of our products. While we believe that these trade secrets
have value, it is probable that our future success will depend primarily on the innovation, technical expertise, manufacturing and marketing
abilities of our personnel. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our
non-disclosure agreements will provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event
of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or other disclosure. The confidentiality agreements that are designed to protect our trade
secrets could be breached, and we might not have adequate remedies for the breach. Additionally, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how
might otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. 

Patents 

We
possess three utility patents and three design patents. We have filed two new patent applications which are currently under review at
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. These are for an Improved Next Shot Compensation System for Weapons (patent application number
18651580) and a Laser Filter Antenna (patent application number 18809740). 

The
following patents generally expire 20 years after issuance. 

On
April 4, 2023, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 11,619,824 B2 titled Selectable Offset Image Wedge which is a mechanical
wedge used to offset the image anywhere in the selectable range of circular travel within the defined offset field of view. This application
is a continuation-in-part of U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 and claims priority to U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298, issued on June 18, 2019. 

On
November 4, 2021 we were issued U.S. Patent No. 2021/0341746A1 titled Selectable Offset Image Wedge which is a mechanical
wedge used to offset the image anywhere in the selectable range of circular travel within the defined offset field of view. This application
is a continuation-in-part of U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 and claims priority to U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298, issued on June 18, 2019. 

On
June 18, 2019 we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,324,298 titled Offset Image Wedge with Dual Capability and Alignment Technique .
The invention relates to an offset image wedge for use on a bore-sighted rifle mounted directly onto the scope via a clamp mounting device.
The wedge allows for a dual image which can be aligned in the field and provides the user with a choice of either a bore-sighted image
or an offset image without removing the wedge. 

On
July 11, 2017, we were issued U.S. Patent No. D791,852 S, for our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scope. We have a retail sales relationship
with Cabela s Inc. and Amazon, to distribute these scopes. They are currently the only digital spotting scope offered by Cabela s.
Our Red Tail Digital Spotting Scopes also received a favorable review from Trigger Magazine in 2017. 

In
May 2015, we announced the issuance to us of U.S. Patent No. 13,792,297 titled ICWS Periscope . This invention improves
previously accepted levels of periscope performance that, in turn, improve soldier s safety. 

16 

In
December 2013, Optex Systems, Inc. was issued U.S. Patent No. 23,357,802 titled Multiple Spectral Single Image Sighting System
Using Single Objective Lens Set. The technology platform, designed for our DDAN program, is applicable to all ground combat vehicles
used by the US and foreign militaries. This invention presents a single image to both day and night sensors using precision optics, which
in turn allows the user to individually observe day, night, or day and night simultaneously. In addition, it has proven to be especially
useful in light transition points experienced at dusk and dawn. We are in production and currently delivering sighting systems with this
advanced technology, a significant upgrade in the goal of supporting our customers as they modernize the worldwide inventory of aging
armored vehicles. This technology is applicable to many sighting systems, and it has already been designed for implementation on the
Light Armored Vehicles, the Armored Security Vehicle, the Amphibious Assault Vehicle, and the M60 Main Battle Tank. DDAN
technology has advanced the capabilities of these installed weapon systems and is the first in a series of patents we have applied for
to protect our Intellectual Property portfolio in support of the warfighters who use these systems. 

Licenses 

In
May 2012, we purchased a perpetual, non-exclusive license, with a single up-front license fee of 200,000 to use Patent 7,880,792 Optical
and Infrared Periscope with Display Monitor (issued in 2011 and owned by Synergy International Optronics, LLC). We believe the
purchase of the license agreement may allow us to extend and expand our market potential for the M113APC vehicle type which has the highest
number of commonly used armored vehicles in the world. The current estimated active M113 APC worldwide inventory is over 80,000 units.
This licensing of this patent allows us to develop additional products for this vehicle type, including the M17 Day/Thermal and M17 Day/Night
periscopes. We are actively marketing the new periscopes internationally and completed our first international shipment utilizing this
technology in March 2014. We continue to prototype these products and demonstrate them to potential customers. 

Our
competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for and
obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make and sell some of our products. Although we believe that
our products do not infringe on the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties, we cannot assure you that third parties will
not assert infringement claims against us or that such claims will not be successful. 

Competition 

The
markets for our products are competitive. We compete primarily on the basis of our ability to design and engineer products to meet performance
specifications set by our customers. Our customers include military and government end users as well as prime contractors that purchase
component parts or subassemblies, which they incorporate into their end products. Product pricing, quality, customer support, experience,
reputation and financial stability are also important competitive factors. 

There
are a limited number of competitors in each of the markets for the various types of products that we design, manufacture and sell. At
this time, we consider our primary competitors for the Optex Systems Richardson site to be Gus Periscopes. The Applied Optics Center
thin film and laser coatings products compete primarily with Materion-Barr, Artemis and Alluxa. 

Our
competitors are often well entrenched, particularly in the defense markets. While we believe that the quality of our technologies and
product offerings provides us with a competitive advantage over certain manufacturers, some of our competitors have substantially greater
financial and other resources than we do to spend on the research and development of their technologies and for funding the construction
and operation of commercial scale plants. 

We
expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products. We cannot assure investors that our competitors
will not develop enhancements to, or future generations of, competitive products that will offer superior price or performance features,
or that new technology or processes will not emerge that render our products less competitive or obsolete. Increased competitive pressure
could lead to lower prices for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Also, competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost, and we may not be able to successfully
develop or expend the financial resources necessary to acquire new technology. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
in the future. 

17 

Employees
and Human Capital 

We
had 128 full time equivalent employees as of September 29, 2024, which include a small temporary work force to handle peak loads as needed.
We are in compliance with local prevailing wage, contractor licensing and insurance regulations, and have good relations with our employees,
who are not currently unionized. We use outside consultants for various services. We have not experienced any work stoppages and are
not a party to a collective bargaining agreement. Management considers labor relations to be good. 

We
are dedicated to preserving operational excellence and remaining an employer of choice. We provide and maintain a work environment that
is designed to attract, develop and retain top talent through offering our employees an engaging work experience that contributes to
their career development. We recognize that our success is based on the collective talents and dedication of those we employ, and we
are highly invested in their success. We value our employees and believe that employee loyalty and enthusiasm are key elements of our
operating performance. 

Corporate
History 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation originally organized in Delaware as Sustut Exploration, Inc. in April 2006. Optex Systems,
Inc. is a Delaware corporation organized in September 2008. In March 2009, Optex Systems, Inc. engaged in a reverse merger with Sustut
Exploration, Inc., in connection with which the latter was renamed Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. and the former became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. 

Internet
Address 

The
Company maintains an internet website at the following address: www.optexsys.com . The information on the Company s website
is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks described below, together
with all of the other information included or referred to in this Annual Report, before purchasing shares of our common stock. There
are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. The risks described below are not the
only risks we face. If any of these risks actually materializes, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially
adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors in our common stock could lose all
or part of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exclusive and are intended to reflect the material risks
that are specific to us, our industry and companies that have securities trading on an over-the-counter market. 

Risks
Related to our Business 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by economic and political conditions globally and the effects of these conditions on
our customers businesses and levels of business activity. 

Economic
and political events in the past few years have altered the landscape in which we and other U.S. companies operate in a variety of ways.
In response to inflationary pressures, between January 2022 and July 2023, the U.S. Federal Reserve incrementally raised interest rates,
resulting in an increase in the cost of borrowing for us, our customers, our suppliers, and other companies relying on debt financing.
World events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting economic sanctions, have impacted the global economy, including
by exacerbating inflationary and other pressures linked to COVID-related supply chain disruptions. In addition, the threat of a larger
war in the Middle East after the Hamas terrorist attacks on Israel could affect oil prices and have other, potentially recessionary,
effects on the global economy. Prolonged inflationary conditions and prolonged periods of high interest rates could further negatively
affect U.S. and international commerce and exacerbate or prolong the period of high energy prices and supply chain constraints. At this
time, the extent and duration of these economic and political events and their effects on the economy and the Company are impossible
to predict. 

18 

Our
historical operations depend on government contracts and subcontracts. We face risks related to contracting with the federal government,
including federal budget issues and fixed price contracts. 

Future
general political and economic conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may directly and indirectly affect the quantity and
allocation of expenditures by federal agencies and foreign governments. Even the timing of incremental funding commitments to existing,
but partially funded, contracts can be affected by these factors. Therefore, cutbacks or re-allocations in the federal or foreign government
budgets could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Obtaining government contracts may also involve long purchase
and payment cycles, competitive bidding, qualification requirements, delays or changes in funding, budgetary constraints, political agendas,
extensive specification development, price negotiations and milestone requirements. In addition, our government contracts are primarily
fixed price contracts, which may prevent us from recovering costs incurred in excess of budgeted costs. Fixed price contracts require
us to estimate the total project cost based on preliminary projections of the project s requirements. The financial viability of
any given project depends in large part on our ability to estimate such costs accurately and complete the project on a timely basis.
Some of those contracts are for products that are new to our business and are thus subject to unanticipated impacts to manufacturing
costs. Even if our estimates are reasonable at the time made, prices of materials are subject to unanticipated adverse fluctuation, and
are affected by inflationary pressures. In the event our actual costs exceed the fixed costs determined under our product contracts,
we will not be able to recover the excess costs which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We examine these contracts on a regular basis and accrue for anticipated losses on these contracts, if necessary. 

We
have several multiyear IDIQ contracts at fixed prices which have open ordering periods and are currently at low profit rates or in a
loss condition. These contracts are typically three-year IDIQ contracts with two optional award years, and as such, we are obligated
to accept new task awards against these contracts until the contract expiration. Should contract costs continue to increase above the
negotiated selling price, or in the event the customer should release substantial quantities against these existing loss contracts, the
losses could be material. For contracts currently in a loss status based on the estimated per unit contract costs, losses are booked
immediately on new task order awards. As of September 29, 2024, there was 259 thousand in accrued loss provisions for loss contracts
or cost overruns. 

Approximately
96 of our contracts contain termination clauses for convenience. In the event these clauses should be invoked by our customer, future
revenues against these contracts could be affected. However these clauses allow for a full recovery of any incurred contract costs plus
a reasonable fee up through and as a result of the contract termination. We are currently unaware of any pending terminations on our
existing contracts. 

In
some cases, contract awards may be issued that are subject to renegotiation at a date (up to 180 days) subsequent to the initial award
date. Generally, these subsequent negotiations have had an immaterial impact (zero to 5 on the contract price of the affected contracts.
Currently, none of our awarded contracts are subject to renegotiation. 

We
have sought to minimize the adverse impact from the slower pace of U.S. military orders on our results of operations by seeking to obtain
foreign military orders, expanding our customer base as well as seeking new commercial business. We do not expect these markets to completely
mitigate the negative impact of lower U.S. defense spending. 

If
we fail to scale our operations appropriately in response to changes in demand, we may be unable to meet competitive challenges or
exploit potential market opportunities, and our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Significant
fluctuations in customer demand place a significant strain on our management personnel, infrastructure and resources. To implement our
current business and product plans, we need to appropriately manage our cost base, as well as train, manage and motivate our workforce,
while continuing to maintain our critical operational and financial systems and our manufacturing and service capabilities. All of these
endeavors require substantial management effort and potential capital. If we are unable to effectively manage our operations to our customer
demand levels, we may be unable to scale our business quickly enough to meet competitive challenges or exploit potential market opportunities,
and our current or future business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Low
unemployment and tight labor markets may adversely affect our labor costs and our ability to hire and retain a sufficient workforce required
to meet the backlog and customer demands. If we are not able to maintain a sufficient workforce and attract and retain additional personnel
as required, we may not be able to implement our business plan and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
compete with several other large defense contractors, as well as homebuilding, industrial manufacturing and warehousing industries within
the immediate area of our manufacturing facilities for both lower and higher skill level manufacturing employees. The limited supply
of available workers for hire, combined with increasing competition among other local industries, may result in increased production
costs associated with higher wages, employee bonuses, overtime premiums and enhanced employee benefits in addition to cost increases
associated with employee recruitment, employee turnover, training and learning curve inefficiencies. We may be unable to fill the labor
positions required to meet our customer demands in a timely or cost-effective manner, which would impede our ability to meet current
or increasing production levels in line with our customer expectations and adversely affect our ability to grow revenue or maintain our
current margin levels. 

19 

Our
ability to fulfill our backlog may have an effect on our long-term ability to procure contracts and fulfill current contracts. 

Our
ability to fulfill our backlog may be limited by our ability obtain material supplies and to devote sufficient financial and human capital
resources. Disruptions in our supply chain and transportation delays, combined with inflationary pressures and tight labor market conditions
could impede our ability to meet customer requirements. If we do not fulfill our backlog in a timely manner, we may experience delays
in product delivery which would postpone receipt of revenue from those delayed deliveries. Additionally, if we are consistently unable
to fulfill our backlog, this may be a disincentive to customers to award large contracts to us in the future until they are comfortable
that we can effectively manage our backlog. 

We
do not have employment agreements with our key personnel, other than our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and our
management has minimal unencumbered equity ownership in us. If we are not able to retain our key personnel or attract additional key
personnel as required, we may not be able to implement our business plan and our results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
depend to a large extent on the abilities and continued participation of our executive officers and other key employees. The loss of
either executive officer or any other key employee could have a material adverse effect on our business. We currently have only two employment
agreements. We presently maintain key man insurance on the Chief Executive Officer. We believe that experienced personnel
will continue to be required to implement our business plan. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that
they will be available when required, or that we will have the ability to attract and retain them. In addition, due to our small size,
we do not presently have depth of staffing in our executive, operational and financial management areas in order to have an effective
succession plan should the need arise. Thus, in the event of the loss of one or more of our management employees, our results of operations
could be vulnerable to challenges associated with recruiting additional key personnel. 

Certain
of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material, adverse
impact on our business. 

We
expect recent supply chain disruptions driven by Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the related sanctions, combined with raw material
shortages, labor shortages, and transportation delays, to continue for the foreseeable future. These conditions have strained our suppliers
and extended supplier delivery lead times, affecting their ability to sustain operations. Further, a dockworker strike on the east coast
which has been suspended until January 15, 2025, pending negotiations, could have a negative impact on our ability to obtain key manufacturing
materials such as adhesives and epoxies should the strike ensue and continue for a sustained period of time beyond our safety stock levels.
We have experienced market wide material shortages for paint and resin products as well as critical epoxies and chemicals used in our
manufacturing process. In addition, we have seen substantial increases in the costs of aluminum, steel and acrylic commodities and experienced
supplier schedule delays for other key components which were driven by supplier labor and material shortages. In several cases, spotty
supply and material shortages have resulted in stocking higher inventory safety stock levels to ensure adequate lead time
to replenish critical supplies. 

We
have selectively single-sourced some of our material components in order to mitigate excess procurement costs associated with significant
tooling and startup costs. Furthermore, because of the nature of government contracts, we are often required to purchase selected items
from U.S. government approved suppliers, which may further limit our ability to utilize multiple supply sources for these key components. 

To
the extent any of these single sourced or government approved suppliers may have disruptions in deliveries due to production, quality,
or other issues, we may also experience related production delays or unfavorable cost increases associated with retooling and qualifying
alternate suppliers. The impact of delays resulting from disruptions in supply for these items could negatively impact our revenue, our
reputation with our customers, and our results of operations. In addition, significant price increases from single-source suppliers could
have a negative impact on our profitability to the extent that we are unable to recover these cost increases on our fixed price contracts. 

Each
contract has a specific quantity of material which needs to be purchased, assembled, and shipped. Prior to bidding on a contract, we
contact potential sources of material and receive qualified quotations for this material. In some cases, the entire volume is given to
a single supplier and in other cases, the volume might be split between several suppliers. If a contract has a single source supplier
and that supplier fails to meet their obligations (e.g., quality, delivery), then we would seek to find an alternate supplier and bring
this information back to the final customer. Contractual deliverables would then generally be re-negotiated (e.g., specifications, delivery,
price). As of September 29, 2024, approximately 7 of our material requirements were single-sourced across 10 suppliers representing
approximately 15 of our active supplier order value. Single-sourced component requirements span across all of our major product lines. 

20 

We
consider it a material financial or schedule risk if we believe it will take us at least three months to identify and qualify a suitable
replacement for specialized single source suppliers. In the table below, we identify those specialized single source suppliers with respect
to which we face such a material risk and the product lines supported by those materials utilized by us as of September 29, 2024. 

Product
 Line 
 
 Supply
 Item 
 
 Risk 
 
 Purchase
 Orders 

Sighting
 Systems DDAN 
 
 Digital
 camera system 
 
 Alternative
 source would take in excess of six months to qualify 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Periscopes 
 
 Die-cast
 housings 
 
 All
 die cast tooling is consolidated at this supplier. It would take approximately six months to move tooling and re-qualify a new supplier. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is
 on schedule. 

Periscopes 
 
 Steel
 castings 
 
 Alternative
 supplier source would take six months to qualify. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Vision
 Blocks 
 
 Military
 Spec welded housings for vision blocks 
 
 Would
 take approximately 8-10 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently
 working with current vendor to keep supply of these parts 

Vision
 Blocks 
 
 Large/Small/Customs
 Blocks 
 
 Would
 take approximately 4-6 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently
 working with single source for purchasing material on a forecast projection basis 

MRS 
 
 Aluminum
 Castings for Housing 
 
 Would
 take approximately 8-12 months to re-qualify a new supplier source. 
 
 Currently,
 ordering for a single source, new casting tool and FAT will be required to qualify a new source 

Big
 Eye 
 
 Sand
 castings for big eye binocular parts 
 
 Would
 take approximately 4-6 months to re-qualify a new supplier source 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Beamsplitter 
 
 Glass
 tight dimensions and Special Coating 
 
 Limited
 number of suppliers that can meet tight customer specifications without deviation 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 M22/M24
 Binocular 
 
 Spare
 Components 
 
 Only
 approved source due to proprietary rights. Alternate source cannot be developed. 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price and quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is on
 schedule. 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 LIF
 Assembly 
 
 Container
 Wrench and Retaining Ring 
 
 Mold
 tooling was manufactured by and used by one source. Tooling would not fit other potential supplier s equipment. Finding another
 source would be very expensive and take approximately 1 year to transition 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price and quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is on
 schedule. 

21 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 LIF
 Assembly 
 
 Rubber
 Seal 
 
 Mold
 tooling was manufactured by and used by one source. Tooling would not fit other potential supplier s equipment. Finding another
 source would be very expensive and take approximately 1 year to transition 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price and quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is on
 schedule. 

Applied
 Optics Center 
 
 Assorted
 LFU Assemblies 
 
 Anti-Reflective Device 
 
 Only
 one approved government source of supply at this time 
 
 Current
 firm fixed price and quantity purchase orders are in place with the supplier to meet all contractual requirements. Supplier is on
 schedule. 

The
defense technology supply industry is subject to technological change and if we are not able to keep up with our competitors and/or they
develop advanced technology as response to our products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. 

The
market for our products is generally characterized by technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements,
frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product life cycles and severe price competition. Our competitors could also
develop new, more advanced technologies in reaction to our products. Currently accepted industry standards may change. Our success depends
substantially on our ability, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce
new products that take advantage of technological advances and adhere to evolving industry standards. An unexpected change in one or
more of the technologies related to our products, in market demand for products based on a particular technology or of accepted industry
standards could materially and adversely affect our business. We may or may not be able to develop new products in a timely and satisfactory
manner to address new industry standards and technological changes, or to respond to new product announcements by others. In addition,
new products may or may not achieve market acceptance. 

Unexpected
warranty and product liability claims could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
possibility of future product failures could cause us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective products. We warrant
the quality of our products to meet customer requirements and be free of defects for twelve months subsequent to delivery. We establish
reserves for warranty claims based on our historical rate of returned shipments against these contracts. There can be no assurance that
this reserve will be sufficient if we were to experience an unexpectedly high incidence of problems with our products. Significant increases
in the incidence of such claims may adversely affect our sales and our reputation with consumers. Costs associated with warranty and
product liability claims could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or
other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Similar to
other companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion,
breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment
of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes
in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards. 

On
July 13, 2021, we experienced a ransomware attack. While that attack did not have material adverse consequences, similar
attacks, if not caught and effectively addressed in a timely manner, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Any
failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions
or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or
other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Any
of these events may cause us to have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, be subject to legal claims and liability,
have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of
a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

22 

We
derive almost all of our revenue from a small number of customers and the loss of any of these customers could have a material adverse
effect on our revenues. 

The
Company s revenues for fiscal year ended September 29, 2024 were derived from sales to U.S. government agencies (20 ), four major
U.S. defense contractors (25 , 7 , 6 and 6 ), one major commercial customer (13 and all other customers (23 ). Approximately 94 of
total Company revenue is generated from domestic customers and 6 is derived from foreign customers. In particular, a decision by one
of our major defense contract customers, U.S. government agencies or other major customers to cease issuing contracts to us could have
a significant material impact on our business and results of operations given that they represent over 77 of our gross business revenue.
There can be no assurance that we could replace these customers on a timely basis or at all. 

We
have approximately 150 discrete contracts with major defense contractors, the U.S. Government (primarily Defense Logistics Agencies (DLA)),
and other prime U.S. defense contractors. If they choose to terminate these contracts, we are entitled to fully recover all contractual
costs and reasonable profits incurred up to or as a result of the terminated contract. 

We
possess only six patents and rely primarily on trade secrets to protect our intellectual property. 

We
utilize several highly specialized and unique processes in the manufacture of our products, for which we rely solely on trade secrets
to protect our innovations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our
non-disclosure agreements will provide meaningful protection of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event
of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or other disclosure. The non-disclosure agreements that are designed to protect our trade secrets
could be breached, and we might not have adequate remedies for the breach. It is also possible that our trade secrets will otherwise
become known or independently developed by our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than us, and these competitors
may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for or obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability
to make and sell some of our products. Although based upon our general knowledge (and we have not conducted patent searches), we believe
that our products do not infringe on the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties; however, we cannot assure you that third
parties will not assert infringement claims against us or that such claims will not be successful. 

We
may need to raise additional capital in the future beyond any cash flow from our existing business; additional funds may not be available
on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

We
may need to raise additional capital in the future to finance our future working capital needs. We cannot assure you that any additional
capital will be available on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Future equity or debt financings may be difficult to obtain.
If we are not able to obtain additional capital as may be required, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. 

We
anticipate that our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our
 ability to fulfill backlog; 

our
 ability to procure additional production contracts; 

our
 ability to control costs; 

the
 timing of payments and reimbursements from government and other contracts, including but not limited to changes in federal government
 military spending and the federal government procurement process; 

increased
 sales and marketing expenses; 

technological
 advancements and competitors response to our products; 

capital
 improvements to new and existing facilities; 

our
 relationships with customers and suppliers; and 

general
 economic conditions including the effects of future economic slowdowns, acts of war or terrorism and the current international conflicts. 

23 

Even
if available, financings may involve significant costs and expenses, such as legal and accounting fees, diversion of management s
time and efforts, and substantial transaction costs. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable
to finance our operations, develop or enhance our products, expand our sales and marketing programs, take advantage of future opportunities
or respond to competitive pressures. 

Risks
Related to our Credit Facility and Liquidity 

Our
level of debt and restrictions in our credit agreement could negatively affect our operations and limit our liquidity and our ability
to react to changes in the economy. 

Our
Loan Agreement with Texas Capital Bank contains restrictive covenants that require us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at
least 1.25:1 and a total leverage ratio of 3.00:1, which we may fail to meet if there is a material decrease in our profitability or
liquidity. In addition, the Loan Agreement contains restrictive covenants governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes (including
changes in management), investments, and restricted payments (including cash dividends). The borrowings under the Loan Agreement are
secured by substantially all of our operating assets as collateral. 

A
breach of any of the restrictions and covenants could result in a default under our Loan Agreement, which, if not cured or waived, could
cause any outstanding indebtedness under the agreement (or under any future financing arrangements) to become immediately due and payable,
and result in the termination of commitments to extend further credit. We may not have sufficient funds on hand to repay the loan, and
if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, or are unable to refinance at all, our results of operations
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by increased costs and rates. 

If
our debt level significantly increases in the future, it could have significant consequences on our ongoing operations including requiring
us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing debt rather than using it to execute our strategic
initiatives; limiting our ability to obtain additional debt financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, or other worthwhile
endeavors; and limiting our ability to react to changes in the market. 

Risks
Related to Our Stock 

Our
stock typically trades in low volumes daily which could lead to illiquidity, volatility, or depressed stock price. 

Our
stock is listed on Nasdaq, but typically trades in low daily volumes. Because of a history of low trading volume, our stock is relatively
illiquid and its price may be volatile. This may make it more difficult for our stockholders to resell shares when desired or at attractive
prices. Some investors view low-volume stocks as unduly speculative and therefore not appropriate candidates for investment. Also, due
to the low volume of shares traded on any trading day, persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities may easily influence
prices of our stock. 

Any
analysts covering our stock could negatively impact the stock price. 

The
trading market for our common stock will likely be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any such analysts downgrade their evaluation of our stock, the price of our
stock could decline. Furthermore, if our operating results fail to meet analysts expectations, our stock price would likely decline. 

Our
stock price has been and will likely continue to be extremely volatile, and, as a result, stockholders may not be able to resell shares
at or above their purchase price, and we may be more vulnerable to securities class action litigation. 

Since
our common stock was listed on Nasdaq in March 2023, our stock price, as reported by Nasdaq, has ranged from a low of 2.87 to a high
of 10.30. As a result, the market price and trading volume of our common stock is likely to be similarly volatile in the future, and
investors in our common stock may experience a decrease, which could be substantial, in the value of their stock, including decreases
unrelated to our results of operations or prospects, and could lose part or all of their investment. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities
litigation in the future. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could result in substantial costs, divert management s
attention and resources from our business and adversely affect our business. 

24 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in SEC regulations, and the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined under SEC regulations and we may, and do, take advantage of certain exemptions
from reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies including, among other
things, reduced financial disclosure requirements including being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements
and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information
that they may deem important. We could remain a smaller reporting company indefinitely. As a smaller reporting company, investors may
deem our stock less attractive and, as a result, there may be less active trading of our common stock, and our stock price may be more
volatile. 

General
Risk Factors 

Changes
in current economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to continue operations. 

Changes
in current economic conditions may cause a decline in business, consumer and defense spending and capital market performance, which could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our ability to raise funds, which could be required for business continuity
or expansion of our operations, may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as a reduction in the availability
of credit, financial market volatility and economic recession. 

In
the future, we may look to acquire other businesses in our industry and the acquisitions will require us to use substantial resources. 

In
the future, we may decide to pursue acquisitions of other businesses in our industry. In order to successfully acquire other businesses,
we would be forced to spend significant resources for both acquisition and transactional costs, which could divert substantial resources
in terms of both financial and personnel capital from our current operations. Additionally, we might assume liabilities of the acquired
business, and the repayment of those liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our cash flow. Furthermore, when a new business
is integrated into our ongoing business, it is possible that there would be a period of integration and adjustment required which could
divert resources from ongoing business operations. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification
rights to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our
directors, officers and employees . 

We
provide indemnification to our directors and officers to the extent provided by Delaware law. The foregoing indemnification obligation
could result in our incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers,
which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors
and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders
against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Our
stock price is speculative, and there is a risk of litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock has in the past and may in the future be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as
the following: 

revenue
 or results of operations in any quarter failing to meet the expectations, published or otherwise, of the investment community; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

wide
 fluctuations in stock prices, particularly with respect to the stock prices for other defense industry companies; 

announcements
 of technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

new
 products or the acquisition of significant customers by us or our competitors; 

changes
 in investors beliefs as to the appropriate price-earnings ratios for us and our competitors; 

changes
 in management; 

sales
 of common stock by directors and executive officers; 

rumors
 or dissemination of false or misleading information, particularly through Internet chat rooms, instant messaging, and other rapid-dissemination
 methods; 

conditions
 and trends in the defense industry generally; 

the
 announcement of acquisitions or other significant transactions by us or our competitors; 

adoption
 of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

general
 market conditions; 

domestic
 or international terrorism and other factors; and 

other
 factors as described in this section. 

25 

Fluctuations
in the price of our common stock may expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits. Although no such lawsuits are currently
pending against us and we are not aware that any such lawsuit is threatened to be filed in the future, there is no assurance that we
will not be sued based on fluctuations in the price of our common stock. Defending against such suits could result in substantial cost
and divert management s attention and resources. In addition, any settlement or adverse determination of such lawsuits could subject
us to significant liability. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy 

We
recognize the increasing volume and sophistication of cyber threats and take our responsibility to protect the information and systems
under our purview seriously. We consider cybersecurity threat risks alongside other Company risks as part of our overall risk assessment
process. Our cybersecurity processes aim to provide a comprehensive approach to assess, identify, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity
threats. 

We
maintain a cybersecurity risk program predicated on a risk-based approach. We use cost-effective controls that are commensurate with
the risk and sensitivity of our specific information systems, control systems and enterprise data. Our cybersecurity program incorporates
best practices and industry standards from multiple sources and is designed to comply with applicable regulations. The cybersecurity
program includes, but is not limited to, the following elements: risk assessment, policies and procedures, training and awareness, auditing,
log collection and analysis, threat hunting and intelligence surveillance, compliance monitoring and testing, and incident response. 

Our
internal professionals collaborate with external subject matter specialists, as necessary. All third parties engaged for such matters
are subjected to scrutiny to ensure they satisfy our security standards. We periodically review our third-party engagements to ensure
that the providers maintain the necessary levels of protection and competency, as well as to oversee and identify potential cybersecurity
risks and/or threats from such engagements. 

We
describe how risks from cybersecurity threats could materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or
financial condition, as part of our risk factor disclosures at Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Cybersecurity
Governance 

Cybersecurity
is an important part of our risk management processes and an area of focus for our Board and management. Our Board is responsible for
oversight of our cybersecurity risk, including the effectiveness of cybersecurity risk management policies and protocols, while our Facilities
Security Officer FSO ), and IT Manager are responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risk. We use a third-party
service which monitors the Company s security threats twenty-four hours each day throughout the year. Any detected deviation from
the expected operating parameters will initiate a communication to our IT Manager for investigation and remediation of the detected deviation
in a timely manner. 

Our
IT Manager provides timely reports on cyber security incidents to the FSO, Danny Schoening, who also serves as the CEO and as Chairman
of the board of directors. These reports may in turn be presented to the full board depending on the severity of the incident. In the
event of a major incident, the Company s Incident Response policy will be executed and the appropriate parties notified. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
are headquartered in Richardson, TX and lease approximately 93,967 combined square feet of facilities between Richardson, Texas and Dallas,
Texas. We operate with a single shift, and capacity could be expanded by adding a second shift. 

We
renewed the lease on our 49,100 square foot, Richardson, Texas facility, effective as of January 11, 2021, for eighty-six (86) months,
commencing on April 1, 2021 and ending on May 31, 2028. Our Applied Optics Center, is located in Dallas, Texas with leased premises consisting
of approximately 44,867 square feet of space. The Applied Optics Center lease was renewed on January 11, 2021 for eighty-six (86) months,
commencing on November 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2028. The Applied Optics Center amendment provides for a five-year renewal
option at the end of the lease term at the greater of the then prevailing rental rate or the then current base rent rate. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including pending opposition proceedings involving
patents that arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we expect to have a material adverse impact
on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

26 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
information 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OPXS . 

On
December 18, 2024, the closing price for our common stock was 8.91 per share. 

Securities
outstanding and holders of record 

On
December 18, 2024, there were approximately 87 shareholders of record for our common stock and 6,896,738 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have in the past paid dividends but we have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
were no purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of its
common stock under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 29, 2024. 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes that are set forth
in our financial statements elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

This
management s discussion and analysis reflects information known to management as of our fiscal year end, September 29, 2024, and
the date of filing. This MD A is intended to supplement and complement our audited financial statements and notes thereto for the
year ended September 29, 2024, prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). You are encouraged to
read our financial statements in conjunction with this MD A. The financial information in this MD A has been prepared in accordance
with GAAP, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, we use non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental indicators of our operating performance
and financial position. We use these non-GAAP financial measures internally for comparing actual results from one period to another,
as well as for planning purposes. We will also report non-GAAP financial results as supplemental information, as we believe their use
provides more insight into our performance. When a non-GAAP measure is used in this MD A, it is clearly identified as a non-GAAP
measures and reconciled to the most closely corresponding GAAP measure. 

The
following discussion highlights the principal factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as
our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see Special
cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements and Risk factors for a discussion of the uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements. The operating results for the periods presented were not significantly
affected by inflation. 

All
references in the following section to 2023 or 2024 with respect to our financial position and results of operations are to our fiscal
years ended October 1, 2023 or September 29, 2024, respectively. 

Background 

Optex
Systems, Inc. manufactures optical sighting systems and assemblies for the U.S. Department of Defense, foreign military applications
and commercial markets. Its products are installed on a variety of U.S. military land vehicles, such as the Abrams and Bradley fighting
vehicles, light armored and advanced security vehicles and the Stryker family of vehicles. Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware) also manufactures
and delivers numerous periscope configurations, rifle and surveillance sights and night vision optical assemblies. Optex Systems, Inc.
(Delaware) products consist primarily of build-to-customer print products that are delivered both directly to the armed services and
to other defense prime contractors. Less than 1 of our revenue is related to the resale of products substantially manufactured by others.
In this case, the product would likely be a simple replacement part of a larger system previously produced by Optex Systems, Inc. (Delaware). 

We
are both a prime and sub-prime contractor to the Department of Defense. Sub-prime contracts are typically issued through major defense
contractors such as General Dynamics Land Systems, Raytheon Corp., BAE, ADS Inc. and others. We are also a military supplier to foreign
governments such as Israel, Australia and the NATO Support and Procurement Agency and South American countries, and as a subcontractor for several large U.S. defense companies
serving foreign governments. 

27 

By
way of background, the Federal Acquisition Regulation FAR is the principal set of regulations that govern the
acquisition process of government agencies and contracts with the U.S. government. In general, parts of the FAR are incorporated into government solicitations and contracts by reference as terms and conditions effecting contract
awards and pricing solicitations . 

Many
of our contracts are prime or subcontracted directly with the Federal government and, as such, are subject to FAR
Subpart 49.5, Contract Termination Clauses and more specifically Federal Acquisition Regulation clauses 52.249-2 Termination
for Convenience of the Government Fixed-Price) , and 49.504 Termination of fixed-price contracts for default . These
clauses are standard clauses on our prime military contracts and generally apply to us as subcontractors. It has been our experience
that the termination for convenience is rarely invoked, except where it is mutually beneficial for both parties. We are currently not
aware of any material pending terminations for convenience or for default on our existing contracts. 

In
the event a termination for convenience were to occur, FAR clause 52.249-2 provides for full recovery of all
contractual costs and profits reasonably occurred up to and as a result of the terminated contract. In the event a termination for default
were to occur, we could be liable for any excess cost incurred by the government to acquire supplies from another supplier similar to
those terminated from us. We would not be liable for any excess costs if the failure to perform the contract arises from causes beyond
the control and without the fault or negligence of the Company as defined by FAR clause 52.249-8. 

In
addition, some of our contracts allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to FAR 52.232-16, Progress Payments . Subject to certain limitations, this clause provides for government
payment of up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To the extent our contracts allow
for progress payments, we intend to utilize this benefit, thereby minimizing the working capital impact on Optex Systems Holdings for
materials and labor required to complete the contracts. 

Material
Trends and Recent Developments 

We
have experienced substantial increases in the costs of aluminum, steel and acrylic commodities, which has affected our net income in
the year ended September 29, 2024 and is expected to continue to have a negative effect on the margins generated under several of our
long-term fixed contracts over the next two years. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business 
- Certain of our products are dependent on specialized sources of supply potentially subject to disruption which could have a material,
adverse impact on our business. 

We
have experienced significant material shortages during the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023 and the first half of fiscal year ended
September 29, 2024 from several significant suppliers of our periscope covers and housings. These shortages affect several of our
periscope products at the Optex Richardson segment. The delays in key components, combined with labor shortages during the first
half of the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, have negatively impacted our production levels and have pushed back expected
delivery dates. We have obtained an alternative source for one of our key components and are expediting our other suppliers to
support the increased production levels. 

We
have seen improvements in the local labor market since 2023 and increased our direct labor force and employee overtime in concert with
improvements in our supplier delivery performance. Further, we have invested in additional machinery and equipment and other process
improvements to increase production capacity and alleviate process bottlenecks. While we are encouraged by improvements in supplier performance
and available manpower for the Optex Richardson segment periscope line which yielded increased revenue performance during fiscal year
2024, we have yet to ramp up deliveries sufficiently to keep pace with our current customer demands. As such, we cannot give any assurances
that expected customer delivery dates for our periscope products will not experience further delays. 

We
refer also to Item 1. Business Market Opportunity: U.S. Military for a description of current trends in
U.S. government military spending and its potential impact on Optex, which may be material, including particularly the tables included
in that section and disclosure on the significant reduction in spending for U.S ground system military programs, which has a direct impact
on the Optex Systems Richardson segment revenue, all of which is incorporated herein by reference. 

We
refer to Item 1. Business Recent Events of this report for recent developments affecting the Company. 

28 

Results
of Operations by Segment 

We
have presented the operating results by segment to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results. Management
of Optex Systems Holdings uses the selected financial measures by segment internally to evaluate its ongoing segment operations and to
allocate resources within the organization accordingly. Segments are determined based on differences in products, location, internal
reporting and how operational decisions are made. Management has determined that the Optex Systems, Richardson plant (to which we refer
below as the Optex Systems segment or Optex Systems), and the Applied Optics Center, Dallas plant, which was acquired on November 3,
2014 (to which we refer below as the Applied Optics Center segment or Applied Optics Center), are separately managed, organized, and
internally reported as separate business segments. The table below provides a summary of selective statement of operations data by operating
segment for the years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 reconciled to the Audited Consolidated Results of Operations as presented
in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Results
of Operations Selective Financial Info 

 (Thousands) 

Twelve
 months ended 

September
 29, 2024 
 October
 1, 2023 

Optex Systems Richardson 
 Applied 
 Optics 
 Center Dallas 
 Other (non- 
 allocated 
 costs and 
 eliminations) 
 Consolidated 
 Optex Systems Richardson 
 Applied
 Optics 
 Center Dallas 
 Other (non- 
 allocated 
 costs and 
 eliminations) 
 Consolidated 

Revenue from External Customers 
 18,171 
 15,824 
 - 
 33,995 
 12,120 
 13,539 
 - 
 25,659 
 
 Intersegment Revenues 
 - 
 1,042 
 (1,042 
 - 
 - 
 893 
 (893 
 - 
 
 Total Segment Revenue 
 18,171 
 16,866 
 (1,042 
 33,995 
 12,120 
 14,432 
 (893 
 25,659 

Total Cost of Sales 
 14,401 
 11,107 
 (1,042 
 24,466 
 9,729 
 10,204 
 (893 
 19,040 

Gross Profit 
 3,770 
 5,759 
 - 
 9,529 
 2,391 
 4,228 
 - 
 6,619 
 
 Gross
 Margin 
 20.7 
 34.1 
 - 
 28.0 
 19.7 
 29.3 
 - 
 25.8 

General and Administrative Expense 
 3,630 
 653 
 425 
 4,708 
 3,121 
 464 
 247 
 3,832 
 
 Segment Allocated G A
 Expense 
 (1,486 
 1,486 
 - 
 - 
 (1,338 
 1,338 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net General Administrative Expense 
 2,144 
 2,139 
 425 
 4,708 
 1,783 
 1,802 
 247 
 3,832 

Operating Income (Loss) 
 1,626 
 3,620 
 (425 
 4,821 
 608 
 2,426 
 (247 
 2,787 
 
 Operating
 Income (Loss) 
 8.9 
 21.5 
 - 
 14.2 
 5.0 
 16.8 
 - 
 10.9 

Interest Expense 
 - 
 - 
 (47 
 (47 
 - 
 - 
 (55 
 (55 

Income (Loss) before taxes 
 1,626 
 3,620 
 (472 
 4,774 
 608 
 2,426 
 (302 
 2,732 
 
 Income
 (loss) before taxes 
 8.9 
 21.5 
 - 
 14.0 
 5.0 
 16.8 
 - 
 10.6 

Our
total external sales revenues increased by 8.3 million in the fiscal year 2024, or 32.5 compared to the 2023 fiscal year. The Optex
Systems segment realized a 6.1 million, or 49.9 increase, and the Applied Optics Center segment realized an increase of 2.3 million,
or 16.9 , in external revenue compared to the prior year period. Intersegment revenues were 1.0 million for 2024 and 0.9 million in
2023. Intersegment revenues relate primarily to coated filters provided by the Applied Optics Center to Optex Systems in support of the
Optex Systems periscope line. 

29 

Gross
profit increased 2.9 million and the gross margin percentage increased by 2.2 points from 25.8 in the 2023 fiscal year to 28.0 in
the 2024 fiscal year. Optex Systems gross profit increased by 1.4 million and the gross margin percentage increased to 20.7 as compared
to 19.7 in the prior year period. Applied Optics Center gross profit increased by 1.5 million and the gross margin percentage increased
to 34.1 as compared to 29.3 in the prior year period. The increase in each segment and consolidated gross profit is primarily attributable
to higher revenue and increased absorption of fixed cost. 

Consolidated
general and administrative costs increased from 3.8 million for the twelve months ended October 1, 2023 to 4.7 million for the twelve
months ended September 29, 2024. General and administrative costs increased 0.9 million due to increased
royalties and selling expenses of 0.4 million, increased stock compensation expenses of 0.2 million, increased labor and fringe costs
of 0.2 million and increased information technology costs of 0.1 million. During the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, Applied Optics Center
absorbed 1.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively, of fixed general and administrative costs incurred by Optex Systems for support
services. The increase in allocated general and administrative expenses during the 2024 year is directly attributable to increased general
and administrative costs during the current year period as compared to the prior year. These expenses cover accounting, executive, human
resources, information technology, board fees and other corporate expenses paid by Optex Systems and shared across both operating segments. 

Consolidated
operating income increased by 2.0 million in the year ended September 29, 2024 to 4.8 million as compared to the prior
year operating income of 2.8 million. The increase in operating income is primarily attributable to higher revenue and gross profit, partially
offset by increases in general and administrative costs. The operating income increased across both segments as compared to the prior
year on higher revenue and gross profit. 

Income
before taxes increased 2.0 million, to 4.8 million in the 2024 fiscal year from a prior year income before taxes of 2.7 million.
The increase in income before taxes year over year is primarily due to higher revenue and gross profit, partially offset by
increased general and administrative costs. 

New
Orders and Backlog 

Product
backlog represents the value of unfulfilled customer manufacturing orders yet to be recognized as revenue. While backlog is not a non-GAAP
financial measure, it is also not defined by GAAP. Therefore, our methodology for calculating backlog may not be consistent with methodologies
used by other companies. The booked backlog by period may also not be fully indicative of the predicted revenues for those periods as
many of our orders provide for accelerated delivery without penalty and may additionally provide customers the option to adjust schedules
to meet their most recent projected demand quantities. However, we provide customer order and backlog information as we believe it provides
significant insight into forward demand, with some predictive power to short term future revenues. 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, the Company booked 36.4 million in new orders, representing a 5.2 increase from the prior
year period orders of 34.6 million. The orders for the most recently completed twelve months consist of 23.5 million for our Optex
Richardson segment and 12.9 million attributable to the Applied Optics Center segment. 

The
following table depicts the new customer orders for the twelve months ending September 29, 2024 as compared to the prior year period
in millions of dollars: 

(Millions) 
 
 Product
 Line 
 Twelve
 months 
 ended September
 29, 
 2024 
 Twelve months 
 ended October
 1, 
 2023 
 Variance 
 
 Chg 
 
 Periscopes 
 19.9 
 15.9 
 4.0 
 25.2 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 0.4 
 4.0 
 (3.6 
 (90.0 
 
 Howitzer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 
 3.2 
 3.4 
 (0.2 
 (5.9 
 
 Optex
 Systems Richardson 
 23.5 
 23.3 
 0.2 
 0.9 
 
 Optical Assemblies 
 1.8 
 1.9 
 (0.1 
 (5.3 
 
 Laser Filters 
 9.2 
 7.6 
 1.6 
 21.1 
 
 Day Windows 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 (0.2 
 (66.7 
 
 Other 
 1.8 
 1.5 
 0.3 
 20.0 
 
 Applied
 Optics Center Dallas 
 12.9 
 11.3 
 1.6 
 14.2 
 
 Total
 Customer Orders 
 36.4 
 34.6 
 1.8 
 5.2 

30 

During
the year ended September 29, 2024, orders in the Company s Optex Richardson segment increased by 0.2 million, or 0.9 , as compared
to the prior year. The primary reason for the increase relates to a prior year award for 3.4 million in sighting systems to repair and
refurbish night vision equipment for the Government of Israel. We began shipments against the contract in December 2023. The decrease
in orders for sighting systems and other products was offset by a significant increase in periscope orders in the year ended September
29, 2024. The Applied Optics Center orders increased 1.6 million, or 14.2 , as we continue to see increases in orders for laser filter
units for several prime government contractors, in addition to an increase in customer orders for other products driven by our new program
of Infrared (IR) Signature Reduction Coatings used on aircraft. 

The
Optex Richardson segment currently has five open US Government IDIQ type military contracts for periscopes, collimators, and big eye
assemblies with unspent funding which covers base year and option year requirement ordering periods into January 2029. During the year,
approximately 20 of Optex Richardson s segment orders, or 4.8 million, were awards against active IDIQ contracts. The Applied
Optics Center has two open US Government IDIQ orders. During the year, approximately 22 of Applied Optics Center segment orders, or
 2.8 million, were awards against active IDIQ contracts. We anticipate additional orders throughout the next five years for these ongoing
contracts. In addition, the Company has several open bid requests for new multi-year IDIQ contracts pending with the U.S. Government
and other prime contractors for additional periscopes, and unity mirrors that are expected to be awarded in the next three to six months. 

Backlog
as of September 29, 2024 was 44.2 million as compared to a backlog of 41.8 million as of October 1, 2023, representing an increase
of 5.7 . The following table depicts the current expected delivery by quarter of all contracts awarded as of September 29, 2024, as well
as the September 29, 2024 backlog as compared to the backlog on October 1, 2023. 

(Millions) 

Product
 Line 
 Q1 2025 
 Q2 2025 
 Q3 2025 
 Q4 2025 
 2025 Delivery 
 2026+ Delivery 
 Total 
 Backlog 9/29/2024 
 Total 
 Backlog 10/1/2023 
 Variance 
 
 Chg 
 
 Periscopes 
 3.6 
 5.7 
 5.6 
 4.7 
 19.6 
 3.1 
 22.7 
 14.9 
 7.8 
 52.3 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 0.4 
 0.4 
 0.3 
 0.4 
 1.5 
 2.3 
 3.8 
 4.7 
 (0.9 
 (19.1 
 
 Howitzer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2.3 
 2.3 
 2.3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 0.9 
 - 
 1.8 
 1.2 
 3.0 
 4.6 
 (1.6 
 (34.8 
 
 Optex
 Systems Richardson 
 4.4 
 6.6 
 6.8 
 5.1 
 22.9 
 8.9 
 31.8 
 26.5 
 5.3 
 20.0 
 
 Optical Assemblies 
 0.5 
 0.2 
 - 
 - 
 0.7 
 - 
 0.7 
 2.8 
 (2.1 
 (75.0 
 
 Laser Filters 
 3.3 
 2.7 
 1.8 
 0.9 
 8.7 
 0.8 
 9.5 
 9.9 
 (0.4 
 (4.0 
 
 Day Windows 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 0.8 
 0.3 
 1.1 
 1.7 
 (0.6 
 (35.3 
 
 Other 
 0.4 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 0.3 
 1.1 
 - 
 1.1 
 0.9 
 0.2 
 22.2 
 
 Applied
 Optics Center Dallas 
 4.4 
 3.3 
 2.2 
 1.4 
 11.3 
 1.1 
 12.4 
 15.3 
 (2.9 
 (19.0 
 
 Total
 Backlog 
 8.8 
 9.9 
 9.0 
 6.5 
 34.2 
 10.0 
 44.2 
 41.8 
 2.4 
 5.7 

Optex
Systems - Richardson 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, backlog for our Optex Richardson segment increased by 20.0 , or 5.3 million to 31.8 million,
as compared to the prior year ending backlog of 26.5 million. 

Backlog
for our periscope product line has increased 52.3 or 7.8 million to 22.7 million, from our 2023 fiscal year end level of 14.9 million,
primarily on increased orders above our delivery capacity during the 2024 year. With the majority of material shortages behind us, we
have substantially increased the headcount and overtime hours in addition to the purchase of machinery and equipment to eliminate process
bottlenecks and increase periscope throughput up to 60-75 over the next year in line with our customer demands. We are anticipating
an increase of approximately 60 in periscope revenue in fiscal year 2025 as compared to 2024. 

Sighting
Systems product line backlog decreased 19.1 , or 0.9 million, to 3.8 million, from our 2023 fiscal year end level of 4.7 million.
The decreased backlog is primarily driven by deliveries of 0.7 million against our 2023 order for sighting systems to repair and refurbish
night vision equipment for the Government of Israel combined with revenues of 0.2 million recognized against our long term OWSS maintenance
contract. 

The
Howitzer contract awarded in July 2020 continues to experience customer driven delays related to customer furnished materials. This program
is currently on hold pending statement of work changes and materials furnished by the customer. We anticipate deliveries against the
Howitzer contract to begin in fiscal year 2026. 

31 

Our
backlog in other product groups decreased by 1.6 million or 34.8 from 4.6 million in 2023 to 3.0 million in 2024 on shipments against
a long-term collimator IDIQ of 1.3 million and commercial wedge assemblies of 0.3 million. 

Applied
Optics Center Dallas 

The
Applied Optics Center backlog decreased by 2.9 million, or 19.0 , for the year ended September 29, 2024, from 15.3 million in 2023
to 12.4 million in 2024. 

Backlog
for our optical assemblies decreased by 2.1 million, or 75.0 , as compared to the prior year on lower customer demand. We anticipate
new orders during the next three to six months for deliveries in 2025. 

Laser
filter backlog decreased by 0.4 million, or 4.0 , during the year due to increased shipments against our laser interface filter and
laser filter units during the year. We are anticipating additional orders for shipment during the 2025 year. 

Day
window backlog decreased by 0.6 million, or 35.3 , during the period as compared to the prior year primarily due to shipments against
a long-term IDIQ contract with deliveries scheduled into 2026. We anticipate additional orders in the next three months. 

Other
Applied Optics backlog increased by 0.2 million, or 22.2 for the year ended September 29, 2024, on an
increase in customer orders for Infrared (IR) Signature Reduction Coatings used on aircraft. 

Please
refer to Material Trends and Recent Events above or Liquidity and Capital Resources below for
more information on recent developments and trends with respect to our orders and backlog, which information is incorporated herein by
reference. 

The
Company continues to pursue domestic, international and commercial opportunities in addition to maintaining its current footprint with
U.S. vehicle manufactures, with existing as well as new product lines. We are also reviewing potential products outside our traditional
product lines. Further, we continue to look for strategic businesses to acquire that will strengthen our existing product line, expand
our operations, offer operational scale and enter new markets. 

Twelve
months ended September 29, 2024 compared to the twelve months ended October 1, 2023 

Revenues 

The
table below details the revenue changes by segment and product line for the year ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the year ended
October 1, 2023. 

Twelve
months ended 

 (Millions) 

Product Line 
 September 29,
 2024 
 October 1,
 2023 
 Variance 
 Chg 
 
 Periscopes 
 12.1 
 8.6 
 3.5 
 40.7 
 
 Sighting Systems 
 1.4 
 1.0 
 0.4 
 40.0 
 
 Howitzers 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 
 4.7 
 2.5 
 2.2 
 88.0 
 
 Optex Systems Richardson 
 18.2 
 12.1 
 6.1 
 50.4 
 
 Optical Assemblies 
 3.9 
 5.6 
 (1.7 
 (30.4 
 
 Laser Filters 
 9.6 
 6.4 
 3.2 
 50.0 
 
 Day Windows 
 0.7 
 0.6 
 0.1 
 16.7 
 
 Other 
 1.6 
 1.0 
 0.6 
 60.0 
 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 15.8 
 13.6 
 2.2 
 16.2 
 
 Total Revenue 
 34.0 
 25.7 
 8.3 
 32.3 

Our
total revenues increased by 8.3 million, or 32.3 in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023. The Optex Systems Richardson segment
realized a 6.1 million, or 50.4 , increase in revenue and the Applied Optics Center segment realized an increase of 2.2 million, or
16.2 , in revenue compared to the prior year. 

32 

Optex
Systems - Richardson 

Revenues
on our periscope line increased 3.5 million, or 40.7 , during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 on increased
customer demand and higher production throughput during the year. 

Revenues
on sighting systems increased by 0.4 million, or 40.0 from the prior year period due to deliveries against the 2023 order for repair
and refurbishment of night vision equipment to the Government of Israel. 

Optex
Systems-Richardson revenue on other product lines increased by 2.2 million, or 88.0 , compared to revenues in the prior year due to
increased orders for collimators, windows, beamsplitters, cell assemblies and other spares. 

Applied
Optics Center - Dallas 

Revenue
on optical assemblies decreased by 1.7 million, or 30.4 , during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the prior
twelve-month period on lower customer demand. We are anticipating revenue over the next twelve months to approximate the 2024 revenue
level pending new customer orders in the next three to six months. 

Laser
filter revenue increased by 3.2 million, or 50.0 , during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the prior twelve-month
period on increased customer demand. We anticipate revenue to continue at the higher levels throughout 2025. 

Revenues
on our day windows increased by 0.1 million, or 16.7 , during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to October 1, 2023
as we continue to ship against the long-term IDIQ contract for these units. We anticipate revenues to continue at this, or a slightly
increased, level through 2025. 

Applied
Optics Center revenue for other product lines increased by 0.6 million, or 60.0 , during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024
as compared to the prior twelve-month period on increased deliveries in products for Infrared (IR)
Signature Reduction Coatings used on aircraft. We anticipate these delivery levels to continue into 2025 combined with additional
increases for shipments against our current binocular contract. 

Gross
Margin . The gross margin for the year ended September 29, 2024 was 28.0 of revenue as compared to a gross margin of 25.8 of revenue
for the year ended October 1, 2023. Cost of sales increased by 5.4 million to 24.5 million for 2024 compared to 19.0 million for 2023.
The gross profit increased by 2.9 million to 9.5 million in 2024 as compared to 6.6 million in 2023. The increase is primarily due
to increased revenue, and higher absorption of fixed cost and changes in product mix between the segments. 

G A
Expenses . For the years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, we recorded operating expenses of 4.7 million and 3.8
million, respectively. General and administrative cost increased 0.9 million, or 22.9 , for fiscal year 2024 as compared to the
prior year due to increased royalties and selling expenses of 0.4 million, increased stock compensation expenses of 0.2 million,
increased labor and fringe costs of 0.2 million and increased information technology costs of 0.1 million. The selling expenses
are directly related to new products including the Speedtracker acquisition and the Government of Israel repair and refurbishment on
night vision products and the royalties are related to the new Infrared (IR) Signature
Reduction Coatings product. 

Operating
Income . For the year ended September 29, 2024, we recorded operating income of 4.8 million as compared to operating income of 2.8
million during the year ended October 1, 2023. The 2.0 million increase in operating income is primarily due to increased revenue and
gross profit, offset by higher general and administrative costs. 

Net
income applicable to common shareholders . During the year ended September 29, 2024, we recorded net income applicable to common
shareholders of 3.8 million as compared to net income applicable to common shareholders of 2.3 million during the year ended
October 1, 2023. The increase of net income of 1.5 million is primarily attributable to increased revenue and gross profit, offset
by higher general and administrative costs and increased federal income taxes of 0.5 million. 

33 

Non
GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 

We
use adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as an additional measure for evaluating the performance
of our business as net income includes the significant impact of noncash compensation expenses related to equity stock issues, as well as depreciation, amortization, interest expenses and federal income
taxes. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a meaningful indicator of our operating performance because it permits period-over-period comparisons
of our ongoing core operations before the excluded items, which we do not consider relevant to our operations. Adjusted EBITDA is a financial
measure not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 

Adjusted
EBITDA has limitations and should not be considered in isolation or a substitute for performance measures calculated under GAAP. This
non-GAAP measure excludes certain cash expenses that we are obligated to make. In addition, other companies in our industry may calculate
Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do or may not calculate it at all, which limits the usefulness of Adjusted EBITDA as a comparative
measure. 

The
table below summarizes our twelve-month operating results for the periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, in terms of both
the GAAP net income measure and the non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA measure. 

(Thousands) Twelve
 months ended 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

Net Income GAAP 
 3,768 
 2,263 
 
 Add: 

Federal Income Tax Expense 
 1,006 
 469 
 
 Depreciation Amortization 
 487 
 345 
 
 Stock Compensation 
 425 
 247 
 
 Interest Expense 
 47 
 55 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA - Non GAAP 
 5,733 
 3,379 

Our Adjusted EBITDA increased by 2.4 million to 5.7 million during the
twelve months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 3.4 million during the twelve months ended October 1, 2023. The increase in EBITDA
is primarily driven by increased net income, offset by increased taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock compensation. Operating
segment performance is discussed in greater detail throughout the previous sections. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of September 29, 2024, Optex Systems Holdings had working capital of 15.1 million, as compared to 13.5 million as of October 1,
2023. During the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, we generated operating cash of 1.8 million, primarily driven by increased
revenue and net income. As of September 29, 2024, there was no net change against the outstanding credit
facility balance of 1.0 million. 

The
Company has capital commitments of 0.3 million for the purchase of property and equipment consisting of a significant coating chamber
upgrade, a black bond dispensing machine, an air compressor, and an Opotek tunable laser system. 

Backlog
as of September 29, 2024 was 44.2 million as compared to a backlog of 41.8 million as of October 1, 2023, representing an increase
of 5.7 . For further details, see Results of Operations New Orders and Backlog 
above. 

The
Company has historically funded its operations through cash from operations, convertible notes, common and preferred stock offerings
and bank debt. The Company s ability to generate positive cash flows depends on a variety of factors, including the continued development
and successful marketing of the Company s products. 

At
September 29, 2024, the Company had approximately 1.0 million in cash and an outstanding payable balance of 1.0 against its 3.0 million
line of credit. As of September 29, 2024, our outstanding accounts receivable balance was 3.8 million, which has been collected during
the first quarter of fiscal 2025. During the first quarter of 2025, we paid down our credit facility to zero. 

We
refer to the disclosure above under Material Trends and Recent Developments with respect to recent supply chain
disruptions and material shortages, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. 

34 

In
the short term, the Company plans to utilize its current cash, available line of credit and operating cash flow to fund inventory
purchases in support of the backlog growth and higher anticipated revenue during the next twelve months. Short term cash in excess
of our working capital needs may be also be used to fund the purchase of product lines and other assets. We may also repurchase
common stock against our current stock repurchase plan. Longer term, excess cash beyond our operating needs may be used to fund new
product development, company, product line or other asset acquisitions, or additional stock purchases as attractive opportunities
present themselves. 

On
January 18, 2024, the Company acquired certain intellectual property and technical and marketing information relating to the Speedtracker
Mach product line and entered into an asset purchase agreement and a contract manufacturing agreement with RUB Aluminium s.r.o. RUB ).
The Company acquired the assets using 1 million cash on hand, with potential additional future cash payments based on successful
completion of defined milestones. The initial term of the contract manufacturing agreement is one year, subject to additional one-year
renewal terms. After the acquisition, the Company determined it would be more economical to move the manufacturing operations in
house and is no longer ordering assembled units under the original contract manufacturing agreement. RUB will continue to provide the
Company with purchased kit parts for the manufacture of the Speedtracker Mach products. 

The
acquisition included transaction costs of 30 thousand for legal fees. Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, the total earnout payment
will be 238 thousand only if the earnout revenue milestone is achieved during the earnout period, otherwise the earnout will be zero.
As of September 29, 2024, it was determined that the earnout revenue milestone was unlikely to be achieved during the earnout period and the
fair value of the contingent liability was zero. The asset will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a seven-year period. 

In
some instances, new contract awards may allow for government contract financing in the form of contract progress payments pursuant to
FAR 52.232-16, Progress Payments. Subject to certain limitations, this clause provides for government
payment of up to 90 of incurred program costs prior to product delivery for small businesses like us. To the extent any contracts allow
for progress payments and the respective contracts would result in significant preproduction cash requirements for design, process development,
tooling, material or other resources which could exceed our current working capital or line of credit availability, we intend to utilize
this benefit to minimize any potential negative impact on working capital prior to receipt of payment for the associated contract deliveries.
Currently none of our existing contracts allow for progress payments. 

We
refer to Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Rental Payments under Non-cancellable Operating Leases 
for a tabular depiction of our remaining minimum lease and estimated C ommon Area Maintenance C AM payments under such leases as of September 29, 2024, which disclosure
is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
Company expects to generate net income and positive cash flow from operating activities over the next twelve months. To remain profitable,
we need to maintain a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure. Management intends to manage operations commensurate with
its level of working capital and line of credit facility during the next twelve months and beyond; however, uneven revenue levels driven
by changes in customer delivery demands, first article inspection requirements or other program delays associated with the pandemic could
create a working capital shortfall. In the event the Company does not successfully implement its ultimate business plan, certain assets
may not be recoverable. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Company and its subsidiary, Optex Systems, Inc. Optex , and with the Company, the Borrowers ),
entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Texas Capital Bank (the Lender ), pursuant
to which the Lender will make available to the Borrowers a revolving line of credit in the principal amount of 3 million (the Credit
Facility ). The commitment period for advances under the Credit Facility is twenty-six months expiring on May 22, 2025. We refer
to the expiration of that time period as the Maturity Date. Outstanding advances under the Credit Facility will accrue
interest at a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus a specified margin, subject to a specified floor interest
rate. The interest rate is currently at 7.509 per annum. As of September 29, 2024, the interest rate was 7.67 per annum. 

The
Loan Agreement contains customary events of default (including a 25 change in ownership) and negative covenants, including but not limited
to those governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes (including changes in management), investments, and restricted payments (including
cash dividends). The Loan Agreement also requires the Borrowers to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25:1 and a total
leverage ratio of 3.00:1. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the operating assets of the Borrowers as collateral.
The Borrowers obligations under the Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default as
defined in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement further provides for a 125,000 Letter of Credit sublimit. As of September 29, 2024,
there was 1.0 million borrowed under the Credit Facility. As of September 29, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants
under the Credit Facility. 

The
Credit Facility replaced the prior 2 million line of credit with PNC Bank, National Association. 

35 

On
September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for an additional 1 million stock repurchase program. As of September 29, 2024,
there was an authorized balance of 560 thousand remaining to be spent against the repurchase program. During the years ended September 29,2024 and October
1, 2023, there were no stock repurchases against the plan. 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 the Company declared and paid no dividends. As of September 29, 2024, there are no outstanding
declared and unpaid dividends. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

A
critical accounting estimate is an estimate that: 

is
 made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 

involves
 a significant level of estimation uncertainty, and 

has
 had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on the company s financial condition or results of operation. 

Our
significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition. Some accounting policies
require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. These policies
are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this report. 

Our
critical accounting estimates include warranty costs, contract losses and the deferred tax asset valuation. Future warranty costs are
based on the estimated cost of replacement for expected returns based upon our most recent experience rate of defects as a percentage
of warranty covered sales. Our warranty covered sales primarily include the Applied Optics Center optical assemblies. While our warranty
period is 12 months, our reserve balances assume a general 90-day return period for optical assemblies previously delivered plus any
returned backlog in-house that has not yet been repaired or replaced to our customer. If our actual warranty returns should significantly
exceed our historical rates on new customer products, significant production changes, or substantial customer changes to the 90-day turn-around
times on returned goods, the impact could be material to our operating profit. We have not experienced any significant changes to our
warranty trends in the preceding three years and do not anticipate any significant impacts in the near term. We monitor the actual warranty
costs incurred to the expected values on a quarterly basis and adjust our estimates accordingly. As of September 29, 2024, the Company
had accrued warranty costs of 52 thousand, as compared to 75 thousand as of October 1, 2023. The primary reason for the decrease in
reserve balances relates to lower shipments of our optical assemblies during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to
the prior year. 

As
of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, we had 259 thousand, and 243 thousand, respectively, of contract loss reserves included
in our balance sheet accrued expenses. These loss contracts are related to some of our older legacy periscope IDIQ contracts which were
priced in 2018 through early 2020, prior to Covid-19 and the subsequent decline in revenue at the Optex Systems Richardson segment combined
with significant inflationary pressures on materials and labor in the last two years. Due to inflationary price increases on component
parts and higher internal manufacturing costs (as a result of escalating labor costs and higher burden rates), some of these contracts
are in a loss condition, or at marginal profit rates. These contracts are typically three-year IDIQ contracts with two optional award
years, and as such, we are obligated to accept new task awards against these contracts until the contract expiration. Should contract
costs continue to increase above the negotiated selling price, or in the event the customer should release substantial quantities against
these existing loss contracts, the losses could be material. For contracts currently in a loss status based on the estimated per unit
contract costs, losses are booked immediately on new task order awards. During the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, the accrued
contract losses increased by 16 thousand on new awards against one of our loss IDIQ contracts, partially offset by shipments during
the twelve month period. There is no way to reasonably estimate future inflationary impacts, or customer awards on the existing loss
contracts. We continue to monitor these contracts throughout the year for any significant changes in addition to seeking potential cost
saving strategies to mitigate risk. 

As
of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, Optex Systems Inc. had a net carrying value of 0.9 million in deferred tax assets consisting
of deferred tax assets of 1.7 million and valuation reserves of 0.8) million. The valuation allowance covers certain deferred tax
assets where we believe we will be unlikely to recover those tax assets through future operations. The valuation reserve includes assumptions
related to future taxable income which would be available to cover net operating loss carryforward amounts. Because of the uncertainties
of future income forecasts combined with the complexity of some of the deferred assets, these forecasts are subject to change over time.
While we believe our current estimate to be reasonable, changing market conditions and profitability, changes in equity structure and
changes in tax regulations may impact our estimated reserves in future periods. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements are detailed under Note 3 of Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

36 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

December
19, 2024 

37 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

(Thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

ASSETS 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Inventory, Net 

Contract Asset 

Prepaid Expenses 

Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Other Assets 

Deferred Tax Asset 

Intangibles, net 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use Asset 

Security Deposits 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Credit Facility 
 
 - 
 
 Operating Lease Liability 

Federal Income Taxes Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Selling Expense 

Accrued Warranty Costs 

Contract Loss Reserves 

Customer Advance Deposits 

Current Liabilities 

Other Liabilities 

Credit Facility-Long Term 
 - 

Operating Lease Liability, net of current portion 

Other Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock par, authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

38 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

(Thousands, except share and per share data) 

Twelve months ended 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit 

General and Administrative Expense 

Operating Income 

Interest Expense 

Income Before Taxes 

Income Tax Expense, net 

Net income applicable to common shareholders 

Basic income per share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - basic 

Diluted income per share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

39 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

(Thousands) 

Twelve months ended 

September 29, 2024 
 October 1, 2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash provided by (used in) Operating Activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Stock Compensation Expense 

Change in Deferred Tax Asset 

Accounts Receivable 

Bad Debt Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Contract Asset 

Prepaid Expenses 

Leases 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Federal Income Taxes Payable 

Accrued Warranty Costs 

Accrued Selling Expense 

Customer Advance Deposits 

Increase (Decrease) In Accrued Estimated Loss On Contracts 

Total Adjustments 

Net Cash provided by (used in) Operating Activities 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

Purchases of Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of Property and Equipment 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows (used in) provided by Financing Activities 

Cash Paid for Taxes Withheld On Net Settled Restricted Stock Unit Share Issue 

Borrowings from Credit Facility 

Payments to Credit Facility 

Net Cash (used in) provided by Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Transactions: 

Cash Paid for Taxes 

Cash Paid for Interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

40 

Optex
Systems Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Issued 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Thousands
 (except share data) 

Common 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Common 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Issued 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 at October 2, 2022 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Vested restricted stock units issued net of
 tax withholding 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Restricted Shares Issued (1) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited Unvested Shares (2) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at October 1,
 2023 

Balance 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Vested restricted stock units issued net of
 tax withholding 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September
 29, 2024 

Balance 

(1) 
 January 1, 2024 and 50 January 1, 2025 . 
 
 (2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

41 

square feet. As of September 29, 2024, the
Company operated with full-time equivalent employees. 

The
accounting guidance establishes a hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of quoted market prices and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs. An asset or liability s level is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. Fair value estimates are reviewed at the origination date and again at each applicable measurement date and interim or annual
financial reporting dates, as applicable for the financial instrument, and are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information
available to management at those times. 

million
in cash on deposit with our banks. Only a portion of the cash, currently thousand, would be covered by federal deposit insurance
and the uninsured balances are substantially greater than the insured amounts. 

), four major U.S. defense contractors , , and ), one major commercial customer and all other customers ). The Company s revenues for fiscal year ended October 1, 2023 were derived from sales to U.S. government agencies ),
three U.S. defense contractors , , and ), one major commercial customer and all other customers ). Optex Systems Holdings
does not believe that this concentration results in undue credit risk because of the financial strength of the obligees. 

thousand and 
thousand, respectively, for non U.S. government account balances. Optex Systems
Holdings charges uncollectible accounts to credit loss expense in the period in which they are first deemed uncollectible. In the
fiscal year 2024 we recognized 
thousand in credit loss expenses associated with uncollectible accounts. In the fiscal year 2023 we recognized zero 
in credit loss expenses associated with uncollectible accounts. 

As
of September 29, 2024, of the accounts receivable balance was comprised of seven customers: the U.S. government, , five major
defense contractors, , , , and , and a foreign military customer, . As of October 1, 2023, of the accounts receivable
balance was comprised of six customers: the U.S. government, , four major defense contractors, , , and , and a commercial
customer, . 

Work in Process 

Finished Goods 

Gross Inventory 

Less: Inventory Reserves 

Net Inventory 

In
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 Optex Systems recorded million of obsolete and excess inventory reserves. Net Inventory
increased by million in support of higher revenues and customer orders. 

thousand
and thousand, respectively, were reviewed and determined to be adequate to satisfy any future warranty claims that may have existed
as of the end of each fiscal year for shipments occurring in the prior 12 months. We have made numerous improvements to our supplier
bases and internal production process to reduce the return rate on future shipments but will continue to review and monitor the reserve
balances related to this product line against any existing warranty backlog and current trend data as we repair and replace our current
warranty backlog and process future warranty returns. 

Incurred costs for warranties satisfied during the period 

Warranty Expenses: 

Warranties reserved for new product shipped during the period (1) 

Change in estimate for pre-existing warranty liabilities (2) 

Warranty Expense 

Ending balance 

(1) 

(2) 

. Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized. Expenditures
for minor items, repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Gain or loss upon sale or retirement due to obsolescence
is reflected in the operating results in the period the event takes place. 

thousand for the twelve months ended September 29, 2024
and thousand for the twelve months ended October 1, 2023. 

The
Company has on occasion, outside of the presented periods, received selective contract awards and modifications which included substantive
milestone performance obligations, contract modifications, negotiated settlements and financing arrangements which could fall within
the scope of FASB ASC 606 revenue recognition guidance on reoccurrence, and as such, the Company has expanded their contract review process
to ensure any new contract awards, changes, modifications, financing arrangements or potential negotiated settlements are recorded in
compliance to the new standard guidance. 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, there was thousand revenue recognized during the period from customer deposit liabilities
(deferred contract revenue). During the twelve months ended October 1, 2023 there was thousand of revenue recognized from customer
deposit liabilities (deferred contract revenue). 

As
of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, there was thousand and thousand in accrued selling expenses, respectively, and 
thousand and thousand in contract assets, respectively, related to a new million contract booked in November 2022. The selling
costs are amortized against the revenue for the contract deliveries which began in the first half of fiscal year 2024 and are expected
to extend through fiscal year 2025. 

thousand and thousand, respectively, in customer advance
deposits. 

thousand. As of October 1, 2023, the Company had contract loss reserves of thousand which have been separately itemized on the balance
sheet. 

impairment. See also Note 6. 

million in deferred tax assets represented
by deferred tax assets of million and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of million against those assets. The valuation
allowance has been established due to historical losses resulting in a Net Operating Loss Carryforward for each of the fiscal years 2010
through 2016 which may not be fully recognized due to an IRS Section 382 limitation related to a change in control occurring in fiscal
year 2018. As of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, we reviewed the deferred tax assets and determined it was more likely than not
that we would be able to utilize a substantial portion of the deferred tax asset balance against future earnings. Our assumptions were
based on the previous three years earnings trend as well as anticipated future earnings. During the twelve months ended September 29,
2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company recognized an income tax expense of million and million, respectively. We will continue
to review the deferred tax assets and related valuation reserves in accordance with ASC 740 on an annual basis. 

unvested restricted stock units and unvested restricted shares (which converts
to incremental dilutive shares) were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation as dilutive. For the twelve months
ended October 1, 2023, unvested restricted stock units, restricted unvested shares and performance shares (which
converts to incremental dilutive shares) were included in the diluted earnings per share calculation as dilutive and performance
shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share as they were below the target share price. 

Optex
Systems (OPX) Richardson, Texas 

Optex
Systems revenues are primarily in support of prime and subcontracted military customers. Approximately of the Optex Systems segment
revenue is comprised of domestic military customers, and is comprised of foreign military customers and is comprised of commercial
customers. Optex Systems segment revenue is derived from the U.S. government, , and two major U.S. defense contractors representing
 and , of the Company s consolidated revenue, respectively. 

Optex
Systems is located in Richardson Texas, with leased premises consisting of approximately square feet. As of September 29, 2024,
the Richardson facility operated with full time equivalent employees in a single shift operation. Optex Systems, Richardson serves
as the home office for both the Optex Systems and Applied Optics Center segments. 

Applied
Optics Center (AOC) Dallas, Texas 

The
Applied Optics Center serves primarily domestic U.S. customers. Sales to commercial customers represent and military sales to prime
and subcontracted customers represent of the total segment revenue. Approximately of the AOC revenue is derived from external
customers and approximately is related to intersegment sales to Optex Systems in support of military contracts. For the twelve months
ended September 29, 2024, the AOC segment revenue is derived from the U.S. government, , one major commercial customer , and two
major defense contractors representing , and of the Company s consolidated revenue, respectively. 

The
Applied Optics Center is located in Dallas, Texas with leased premises consisting of approximately square feet of space. As of
September 29, 2024, AOC operated with full time equivalent employees in a single shift operation. 

- 

Intersegment revenues 
 - 

- 
 
 Total Revenue 

Interest expense 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and Amortization 

- 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Other significant noncash items: 

Allocated home office expense 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

Warranty expense 

- 

Segment Assets 

- 

Expenditures for segment assets 

- 

Reportable Segment Financial Information (thousands) 

Twelve months ended October 1, 2023 

Optex Systems Richardson 
 Applied Optics Center Dallas 
 Other (non-allocated costs and intersegment eliminations) 
 Consolidated Total 

Revenues from external customers 

- 

Intersegment revenues 
 - 

- 
 
 Total Revenue 

Interest expense 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and Amortization 

- 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Other significant noncash items: 

Allocated home office expense 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

Warranty expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Segment Assets 

- 

Expenditures for segment assets 

- 

- yrs 

Machinery and Equipment 
 yrs 

Leasehold Improvements 
 yrs 

Property and Equipment, gross 
 7 yrs 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Property Equipment 

Depreciation Expense 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, Optex Systems Holdings purchased thousand in new furniture and fixtures, thousand
in machinery and equipment and thousand in leasehold improvements. During the twelve months ended October 1, 2023, Optex Systems
Holdings purchased thousand in new furniture and fixtures, thousand in machinery and equipment and thousand in leasehold
improvements. During the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, there were sales or retirements of fixed assets. 

million cash on hand, with potential
additional future cash payments based on successful completion of defined milestones. The initial term of the contract manufacturing
agreement is one year, subject to additional one-year renewal terms to which both parties must agree. Subsequent to the acquisition,
the Company has determined it would be more economical to move the manufacturing operations in house and is no longer ordering assembled
units against the contract manufacturing agreement. 

. As of January 18, 2024, the fair value of the contingent liability was thousand. As of September 29, 2024, it was determined
that the revenue milestones related to the earnout agreement would be unachievable within the earnout period and the fair value of the
contingent liability related to the earnout was set to zero. The intangible asset for the Speedtracker product acquisition will be amortized
on a straight-line basis over seven years. 

During
the twelve months ending September 29, 2024, the Company invested an additional thousand for software app development the Speedtracker
product. The software app development will be amortized on a straight-line basis over . 

The
intangible assets are reviewed annually at each fiscal year end for possible impairment. The Company reviewed intangible assets as of
September 29, 2024 and found impairment. 

Software App Development 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Net Intangible Assets 

Property Taxes 

Operating Expenses 

Payroll Payroll Related 

Total Accrued Expenses 

square feet of space
at the premises. The previous lease term for this location expired March 31, 2021 and . The initial base rent is set at 25.3 thousand and escalates 3 on April 1 each
year thereafter . The initial term included 2 months of rent abatement for April and May of 2021. The monthly rent includes approximately
 thousand for additional Common Area Maintenance fees and taxes CAM ), to be adjusted annually based on actual expenses
incurred by the landlord. 

The
leased facility under the Applied Optics Center located at 9839 and 9827 Chartwell Drive, Dallas, Texas, consists of square feet
of space at the premises. The previous lease term for this location expired on October 31, 2021 and . The initial base rent is set at 23.6 thousand as of January
1, 2022 and escalates 2.75 on January 1 each year thereafter. The initial term includes 2 months of rent abatement for November and
December of 2021. The amendment provides for a five-year renewal option at the end of the lease term at the greater of the then prevailing
rental rate or the then current base rental rate. Our obligations to make payments under the lease are secured by a standby
letter of credit . The monthly rent includes approximately thousand for additional CAM, to be adjusted annually based on actual expenses
incurred by the landlord. 

months. The lease
cost for the equipment was 1.5 thousand per month from October 1, 2018 through December 31, 2021. The lease was renewed on November
18, 2021 for an additional 48 months at a cost of 1.2 thousand per month. The start of the lease was delayed until April 2022 due to
temporary equipment shortages. The lease renewal resulted in the recognition of an additional right of use asset and a lease liability
of thousand during the twelve months ended October 2, 2022 . 

2026 Base year lease 

2027 Base year lease 

- 

2028 Base year lease 

- 

2029 Base year lease 
 - 
 
 - 

Total base lease payments 

Imputed interest on lease payments (1) 

Total Operating Lease Liability (2) 

Right-of-use Asset (3) 

(1) 
 on the new lease amendments effective as of . 

(2) 
 thousand of unamortized deferred rent. 

(3) 
 thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Total
expense under both facility lease agreements as of the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 was thousand. Total expense under
both facility lease agreements for the twelve months ended October 1, 2023 was thousand. 

Total
office equipment rentals included in operating expenses was thousand for the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 and thousand
for the twelve months ended October 1, 2023. 

million. The PNC Facility matured on . The interest rate was variable
 based on PNC s Prime Rate plus a margin of - , initially set at at loan origination, and all accrued and unpaid interest
 was payable monthly in arrears starting on May 15, 2020; and the principal amount was due in full with all accrued and unpaid interest
 and any other fees on April 15, 2022. 

The
 PNC Facility contained commercially standard events of default including, but not limited to, not making payments when due; incurring
 a judgment of or more not covered by insurance; not maintaining collateral and the like. 

The
 PNC Facility was secured by a first lien on all of the assets of Borrower. 

On
April 12, 2022, the Borrowers entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (the PNC Loan Agreement with PNC, pursuant
to which the Borrowers existing revolving line of credit facility was decreased from million to million, and The PNC Loan Agreement required the Borrowers to maintain a fixed charge
coverage ratio of at least 1.25:1. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Borrowers issued an Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note (the Line of Credit Note to PNC in connection with an increase of the Borrowers revolving line of credit facility under the Loan Agreement from 
million to million. The maturity date remained . Obligations outstanding under the credit facility accrued interest
at a rate equal to the Lender s prime rate minus . 

The
Line of Credit Note and PNC Loan Agreement contained customary events of default and negative covenants, including but not limited to
those governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, and restricted payments. The PNC Facility was secured by substantially
all of the operating assets of the Borrowers as collateral. The Borrowers obligations under the credit facility were subject to
acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default as defined in the Line of Credit Note and PNC Loan Agreement. 

The
PNC Facility was replaced by the Texas Capital Facility on March 22, 2023. 

Credit
Facility Texas Capital Bank 

On
March 22, 2023, the Borrowers entered into a Business Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Texas Capital Bank (the
 Lender ), pursuant to which the Lender will make available to the Borrowers a revolving line of credit in the principal
amount of million (the Texas Capital Facility ). The Texas Capital Facility replaced the million PNC Facility. 

The
commitment period for advances under the Texas Capital Facility is twenty-six months expiring on . We refer to the expiration
of that time period as the Maturity Date. Outstanding advances under the Texas Capital Facility will accrue interest at
a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus a specified margin, subject to a specified floor interest rate. As of
September 29, 2024 the interest rate was per annum. 

The
Loan Agreement contains customary events of default (including a change in ownership) and negative covenants, including but not limited
to those governing indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes (including changes in management), investments, and restricted payments (including
cash dividends). The Texas Capital Facility is secured by substantially all of the operating assets of the Borrowers as collateral.
The Borrowers obligations under the Texas Capital Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default
as defined in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement further provides for a Letter of Credit sublimit. 

The
outstanding balance under the Texas Capital Facility was 
million as of September 29, 2024. The outstanding balance was paid to subsequent to the year ended September 29, 2024. See also Note 14, Subsequent
Events . 

For
the year ended September 29, 2024, the total interest expense under the Texas Capital Facility was thousand. For the year ended October
1, 2023, the total interest expense under both facilities was thousand. 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 

Vested 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at October 1, 2023 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at September 29, 2024 

- 
 - 

On
January 2, 2019, the Company granted and restricted stock units with a January 2, 2019 grant date to Danny Schoening and
Karen Hawkins, respectively, vesting as of January 1 each year subsequent to the grant date over a three-year period at a rate of 
in year one, and each year thereafter. The stock price at grant date was per share. Effective December 1, 2021, the vesting
terms of Danny Schoening s Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) grant from January 2019 were revised as described below. The Company amortizes
the grant date fair value of thousand to stock compensation expense on a straight-line basis across the three-year vesting period
beginning on January 2, 2019. As of September 29, 2024, there was unrecognized compensation cost relating to this award. 

On
February 17, 2020, the Company granted restricted stock units to Bill Bates, General Manager of the Applied Optics Center. The
restricted stock units vest as of January 1 each year subsequent to the grant date over a three-year period at a rate of in year
one, and each year thereafter. The stock price at grant date was per share. The Company amortized the grant date fair value
of thousand to stock compensation expense on a straight-line basis across the three-year vesting period beginning on February 17,
2020. 

On
April 30, 2020, the Board of Directors voted to increase the annual board compensation for the three independent directors from
 to
 with The
total fair value for the 
shares was 
thousand based on the stock price of 
as of April 30, 2020. On each of January 1, 2021, January 1, 2022, and January 1, 2023, 
of the restricted director shares vested. On February 16, 2023, 
of the unvested restricted shares were forfeited and cancelled when one of the independent directors departed the Board. On May 9,
2023, the Board of Directors approved a grant of 
shares of restricted stock to independent board member Dayton Judd. The shares vest 
on each of January 1, 2024 and January 1, 2025. As of the grant date, the fair value of the shares was 
thousand, to be amortized on a straight-line basis through December 31, 2024. The Company amortizes the grant date fair value to
stock compensation expense on a straight-line basis across the five -year
and two -year
vesting periods beginning on April 30, 2020 and May 9, 2023, respectively. As of September 29, 2024 there were 
unvested restricted shares outstanding. 

The
Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Danny Schoening dated December 1, 2021.The updated employment
agreement also served to amend Mr. Schoening s RSU Agreement, dated January 2, 2019, by changing the third and final vesting date
for the restricted stock units granted under such agreement from January 1, 2022 to the change of control date, that being
the first of the following to occur with respect to the Company: (i) any Person, as that term is defined in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with certain exclusions, is or becomes
the Beneficial Owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities;
or (ii) the Company is merged or consolidated with any other corporation or other entity, other than: (A) a merger or consolidation which
would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting
power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or
(B) the Company engages in a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction)
in which no Person (as defined above) acquires fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
then outstanding securities. The amended RSU Agreement contained certain exceptions to the definition of change of control. 

As
of the December 1, 2021 modification date related to the third and final vesting date of the unvested restricted stock units held
by Danny Schoening, there was no change in the fair value of the modified award as compared to the original award immediately prior to
the modification date. The restricted stock units initially were certain to vest on January 1, 2022, but due to the modification, they
were less certain to vest, contingent on a change in control occurring, which change in control, in case Mr. Schoening
was terminated by the Company without cause or he resigns with good reason prior to such change in control, was required to occur prior
to March 13, 2023. As of the modification date, there was thousand of unrecognized compensation cost associated with the original
award. As a matter of expediency, the unrecognized compensation expense as of the modification date was fully expensed through January
1, 2022. There is no additional compensation expense associated with the modification of the restricted stock unit agreement. 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Danny Schoening which amended Mr. Schoening s RSU Agreement,
dated January 2, 2019, which had been previously amended as of December 1, 2021, by changing the third and final vesting date for the
restricted stock units granted under such agreement from the change of control date to January 1, 2023. 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company issued common shares to Danny Schoening, CEO, and Bill Bates (AOC GM), net of tax withholding of
 thousand, in settlement of restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2023. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company granted an aggregate of 
 restricted stock units to eleven employees under
its 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. As of the grant date, assuming a 
forfeiture rate based on expected turnover across the three years, the aggregate value of the restricted stock units is 
 thousand which will be amortized across the three-year
period on a straight-line basis. During the twelve months ended October 1, 2023, there were 
 restricted stock units forfeited. On August 14,
2023 there was an additional grant of 
 restricted stock units to one new employee with
a fair value of 
 thousand. The restricted stock units will vest
at a rate of 
annually on the anniversary date of the grant and any unvested restricted stock units will be forfeited if employment terminates prior
to the relevant vesting date. 

On
May 3, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a grant of and performance shares to Danny Schoening, CEO, and Karen Hawkins,
CFO, respectively. Each performance share represents a contingent right to receive one share of common stock. The performance shares
vest in five equal increments if, in each case and during a . The fair value
of the shares, as of the grant date, was thousand based on the derived service periods using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation
model. The fair value was amortized through May 17, 2024 when all of the shares had fully vested. 

On
May 9, 2023, the Board of Directors approved a grant of shares of restricted stock to independent board member Dayton Judd. The
shares vest on each of January 1, 2024 and January 1, 2025. As of the grant date, the fair value of the shares was thousand,
to be amortized on a straight-line basis through December 31, 2024. As of September 29, 2024, there were unvested restricted shares
outstanding. 

On
October 2, 2023, performance shares vested for reaching the 30-day VWAP for Tranche 1. The Company issued a total of shares
on October 24, 2023 in settlement of the vested shares, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

On
December 22, 2023 and December 29, 2023, performance shares vested each date for reaching the 30-day VWAP for Tranche 2 and Tranche
3. On January 8, 2024 the Company issued a total of shares in settlement of the vested shares, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

On
March 11, 2024, performance shares vested each date for reaching the 30-day VWAP for Tranche 4. The Company issued a total of
 shares on March 13, 2024 in settlement of the vested shares, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

On
May 1, 2024, the Company granted an aggregate of 
 restricted stock units to eleven employees under
its 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. As of the grant date, assuming a 
forfeiture rate based on expected turnover across the three years, the aggregate value of the restricted stock units is 
 thousand which will be amortized across the three-year
period on a straight-line basis. The restricted stock units will vest at a rate of 
annually on the anniversary date of the grant and any unvested restricted stock units will be forfeited if employment terminates prior
to the relevant vesting date. On June 4, 2024 there was an additional grant of 
 restricted stock units to one employee with a
fair value of 
 thousand. The 
 restricted stock units will vest 
on the anniversary date of the grant and will be forfeited if employment terminates prior to the relevant vesting date. As of September
29, 2024 there were 
 unvested restricted stock units outstanding. 

On
May 1, 2024, there were shares vested under its 2023 Equity Incentive Plan for restricted stock units granted on May 1, 2023.
On May 3, 2024, shares were issued to ten employees, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

On
May 17, 2024, performance shares vested for reaching the 30-day VWAP for Tranche 5. The Company issued a total of shares
on May 17, 2024 in settlement of the vested shares, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

On
August 14, 2024, there were shares vested under its 2023 Equity Incentive Plan for restricted stock units granted on August 14,
2023. On August 20, 2024, shares were issued to one employee, net of tax withheld of thousand. 

As
of September 29, 2024, there were no performance shares remaining to vest. 

Performance Period End 

Term of simulation (1) 
 years 
 
 Time steps in simulation 

Time steps per year 

Common share price at valuation date (2) 

Volatility (annual) (4) 

Risk-free rate (annual) (5) 

Cost of equity (6) 

Dividend yield (3) 

Tranche 1 
 Tranche 2 
 Tranche 3 
 Tranche 4 
 Tranche 5 
 
 Number of performance shares in the Tranche (1) 

Fair Value of One Performance share (7) 

Total Fair Value of Tranche 

Derived Service Period (Years) (7) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

Stock
Based Compensation Expense 

Equity
compensation is amortized based on a straight-line basis across the vesting or service period as applicable. The recorded compensation
costs for restricted shares granted and restricted stock units and performance shares awarded as well as the unrecognized compensation
costs are summarized in the table below: 

Performance Shares 

- 

Restricted Stock Units 

Total Stock Compensation 

The
unrecognized compensation expense for restricted shares and restricted stock units as of September 29, 2024, is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of years and years, respectively. 

The Company s contribution expense
for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 

dividends declared or paid during the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 

Common
stock 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, there were common shares issued to officers and employees, net of tax withholding
of thousand, in settlement of vested restricted stock units, and vested performance shares. 

During
the twelve months ended October 1, 2023, there were common shares issued to officers, net of tax withholding of thousand,
in settlement of restricted stock units which vested on January 1, 2023. 

During
the twelve months ended October 1, 2023, there were unvested restricted shares cancelled on the departure of a board member and
 unvested restricted shares granted to a newly elected board member. 

On
September 22, 2021 the Company announced authorization for a million stock repurchase program. The shares authorized to be repurchased
under the repurchase program may be purchased from time to time at prevailing market prices, through open market or in negotiated transactions,
depending upon market conditions and subject to Rule 10b-18 as promulgated by the SEC. 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, there were 
 common shares repurchased through the program. 

As
of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, the total outstanding common shares were and , respectively. 

Prior year tax adjustment 

Current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit): 

Federal 

Provision for income taxes, net 

As
of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, Optex Systems Inc. has a net carrying value of million in deferred tax assets represented
by deferred tax assets of million and a deferred tax asset valuation allowance of million against those assets. The valuation
allowance has been established due to historical losses resulting in a Net Operating Loss Carryforward for each of the fiscal years 2010
through 2016 which may not be fully recognized due to an IRS Section 382 limitation related to a change in control occurring in fiscal
year 2018. As of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, we reviewed the deferred tax assets and determined it was more likely than not
that we would be able to utilize a substantial portion of the deferred tax asset balance against future earnings. Our assumptions were
based on the previous three years earnings trend as well as anticipated future earnings. During the twelve months ended September 29,
2024, the Company recognized a thousand tax benefit to deferred tax assets. During the twelve months ended October 1, 2023, the
Company recognized thousand in tax expenses to deferred tax assets. We will continue to review the deferred tax assets and related
valuation reserves in accordance with ASC 740 on an annual basis. 

Nondeductible expenses 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Other temporary adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Prior year federal income tax adjustment 
 
 - 

Change in deferred tax valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Provision for income taxes, net 

Inventory Reserve 

Unicap 

Deferred Compensation 

Property and Equipment 

Intangible Asset Amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Contract Loss Reserve 

Accrued Paid Time Off 

Net Operating Losses 

Other 

Subtotal 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred asset 

The
Company has a net loss carryforward of 
million as of September 29, 2024 as compared to a net loss carryforward of 
million as of October 1, 2023. Due to an IRS section 382 change in control limitation which was effective during the fiscal year
ended 2017, it is anticipated that the Company may only realize 
million of the current net operating loss carryforward for a net tax benefit of 
million through fiscal year ending in 2037. Accordingly, a valuation allowance of million is recorded as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 

The
Company applied FASB ASC 740-10 and has no unrecognized tax benefits. By statute, the tax years ended September 29, 2024, October 1,
2023 and October 2, 2022 are open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

During
the twelve months ended September 29, 2024, the Company paid million in income taxes. During the twelve months ended October 1,
2023 the Company paid million in income taxes. As of September 29, 2024 the Company has recorded a tax liability of thousand. 

against the Texas Capital credit facility leaving an outstanding balance
of as of December 10, 2024. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of September 29, 2024, management performed, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange
Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the report we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal
Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer
and our Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 29, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended September 29, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has conducted, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024. Management s assessment
of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. In connection with our management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as required
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have not identified any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as of September 29, 2024. We have thus concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September
29, 2024. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

On
 , our , , a written plan for the sale of Company common stock intended
to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1. The plan has a 90 day cooling off period, provides for the sale of up to
 shares if the pricing terms of the plan are met, and no later than . 

57 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 will be included in the Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement or in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
15. Exhibits 

(a)(1)
 
 Financial
 Statements. The following financial statements of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Whitley Penn LLP (PCAOB ID 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2)
 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated
 financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3) 
 Exhibits. 

See
 Exhibit Index 

58 

Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (1) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Optex Systems Holdings (2) 

3.3 
 
 Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee (3) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (4) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (5) 

10.1 
 
 Lease for 1420 Presidential Blvd., Richardson, TX (6) . 

10.2 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease, between Aquiport DFWIP and Optex Systems, Inc., dated January 7, 2010 (7) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement with Karen Hawkins, dated as of January 1, 2024 (8) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Lease (9) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Letter of Credit (10) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Award/Contract between the Company and US DLA, dated July 3, 2017 (11) 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement with Danny Schoening, dated November 28, 2022 (12) 

10.8 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Lease Agreement (13) 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Lease (13) 

10.10 
 
 Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (14) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Performance Shares Agreement (Executives) (19) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (19) 

10.13.1 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (19) 

10.13.2 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (19) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (19) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (19) 

10.16 
 
 Business Loan Agreement dated as of March 22, 2023 by and between Optex Systems Holdings, Inc., Optex Systems, Inc., and Texas Capital Bank (including Note) (15) 

59 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

10.17 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement and Contract Manufacturing Agreement (RUB Aluminium s.r.o.) (18) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (18) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (16) 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries Optex Systems, Inc. (17) 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Whitley Penn LLP) 

31.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy (19) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 3, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2009. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 23, 2015. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 3, 2021. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 19, 2009. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2009. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 14, 2010. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 5, 2024. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2016. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated
by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 23, 2016. 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2017. 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 21, 2022. 
 
 (13)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 3, 2021. 
 
 (14)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Annex B to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on January 17, 2023. 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 22, 2023. 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 19, 2009. 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 3, 2009. 
 
 (18)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2023. 

Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

Date:
 December 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date:
 December 19, 2024 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 
 
 Chairman,
 Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December
 19, 2024 

/s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 
 
 Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 December
 19, 2024 

/s/
 Rimmy Malhotra 

Rimmy
 Malhotra 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 19, 2024 

/s/
 Dale Lehmann 

Dale
 Lehmann 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 19, 2024 

/s/
 Dayton Judd 

Dayton
 Judd 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 19, 2024 

61 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 ex19-1.htm

Exhibit
19.1 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-270298) of our report dated December 19, 2024 relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc.
for the twelve months ended September 29, 2024. 

/s/ Whitley Penn LLP 

Dallas, Texas 

 December 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Danny Schoening, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc.: 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Karen Hawkins, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc.: 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. (the Company on this Form 10-K for the year ended September
29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Danny Schoening, Principal
Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Danny Schoening 

Danny
 Schoening 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report of Optex Systems Holdings, Inc. (the Company on this Form 10-K for the year ended September
29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Karen Hawkins, Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Karen Hawkins 

Karen
 Hawkins 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 opxs-20240929.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 opxs-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 opxs-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 opxs-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

