<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241206_10-K_edgar_data_1463208_0001493152-24-048930.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11039155</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403976</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1793971</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3304759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2397835</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2912818</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-048930.hdr.sgml : 20241206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241205184515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-048930
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transportation & Logistics Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001463208
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				263106763
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34970
		FILM NUMBER:		241530199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 22-357
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1.833.764.1443

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 22-357
		CITY:			JUPITER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PETROTERRA CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LORAN CONNECTION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090430

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-048930.txt : 20241206

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: : 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files. 

 Yes:
 : 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates cannot be calculated as our common stock is
not traded on a national securities exchange. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As
of November 29, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 December
31, 2023 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 3 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 8 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 8 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 8 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 9 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 12 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 13 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 18 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 18 

Financial Statements pages 
 
 F-1
 - F-34 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 20 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 20 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 21 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 21 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 21 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 24 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 26 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 26 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 27 

Item 15. Exhibits Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 28 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 29 

Signatures 
 
 30 

i 

For
purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires,
all references herein to Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. , the Company , we , us ,
 TLSS and our , refer to Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries: TLSS Acquisition, Inc. TLSSA ), TLSS Operations Holding Company, Inc. TLSS Ops ), Shyp FX,
Inc. Shyp FX ), Shyp CX, Inc. Shyp CX those entities wholly-owned by TLSS Ops, TLSS-CE, Inc. TLSS-CE and TLSS-STI, Inc. TLSS-STI Cougar Express, Inc. Cougar Express ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-CE
and JFK Cartage Co., Inc. (JFK Cartage ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cougar Express; Severance Trucking Co., Inc. Severance
Trucking ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI and Severance Warehousing, Inc. Severance Warehousing and McGrath
Trailer Leasing, Inc. McGrath ), both wholly-owned subsidiaries of Severance Trucking, (Severance Trucking, Severance Warehousing,
and McGrath collectively, Severance and, the deconsolidated former subsidiaries, TLSS-FC, Inc. TLSS-FC and Freight Connections, Inc. Freight Connections ). 

Hereinafter,
TLSSA, TLSS Ops, Shyp Fx, Shyp CX, TLSS-CE, TLSS-STI, TLSS-FC, Cougar Express, JFK Cartage, Severance and Freight Connections, are hereinafter,
the Subsidiaries . Other than the Company, the results of operations and all accounts of the Subsidiaries for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are included as part of discontinued operations on the consolidated financial statements. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Statements
made in this Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and are subject to risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual future events or results to differ materially from such statements. Any such forward-looking statements, including,
but not limited to, financial guidance, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, 
 would, expects, plans, anticipates, intend, plan, 
 goal, seek, strategy, future, likely, believes, estimates, 
 projects, forecasts, predicts, potential, or the negative of those terms, and
similar expressions and comparable terminology. These include, but are not limited to, statements relating to future events or our future
financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these expectations may not be achieved. Forward-looking statements are neither historical
facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions, and beliefs about
future events and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors outside of our control that could cause our
actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
In addition to the risks described above and the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report,
these risks and uncertainties include: our ability to meet our annual and quarterly periodic reporting obligations under Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended 34 Act ), including obtaining sufficient financing to fund the necessary costs related to the preparation
and filing of one or more of our future periodic reports; our ability to restructure our remaining existing debts and obligations and
replace our discontinued businesses and/or enter into new line(s) of business, whether by acquisition or otherwise; our ability to attract
and retain key personnel and skilled labor to meet the requirements of being a public company; our history of losses, deficiency in working
capital and a stockholders deficit and inability to achieve sustained profitability; our need to procure substantial additional
financing to fund ongoing losses and the growth of our business; our ability to successfully execute our business strategies, including
integration of acquisitions and the future acquisition of other businesses to grow our company; adverse or unanticipated events in the
litigation to which we are currently a party (or as to which we may become a party in the future); our ability to pay expenses and liabilities
as they become due; adverse or unanticipated decisions by courts construing third-party liability insurance policies to which the Company
and/or its subsidiaries is a party; a failure to obtain adequate liability insurance coverage in the future; material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls over financial reporting in the future; financial
condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations; the impact of new or changed laws, regulations or
other industry standards that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business; and changes in general market, economic and
political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural or man-made
disasters. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report and, except as required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise after the date of this letter. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements and should consider various factors, including the risks described herein, and, among other places, in this Annual Report,
as well as any amendments hereto or thereto, or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Description of Business. 

Overview 

Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. is a publicly-traded holding company. Until July 17, 2024, our shares of common stock were traded on the
OTC: PINK market and are currently traded on the OTC Expert Market. 

Until
February 2024, the Company s Subsidiaries provided a full suite of asset-based logistics and transportation services, specializing
in ecommerce fulfillment, last mile deliveries, two-person home delivery, mid-mile, and long-haul services. The Company and its Subsidiaries
operated several warehouse locations located in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts. The Company and its Subsidiaries
ceased all remaining operations as of mid-February 2024. 

On
December 1, 2023, TLSS-FC, Inc. and Freight Connections filed voluntary bankruptcy petitions under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy
Code in the State of New Jersey. On February 27, 2024, Cougar Express filed a voluntary bankruptcy petition under Chapter 7 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code in the State of New York. The Severance entities, JFK Cartage, TLSSA, TLSS Ops, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, TLSS-CE, TLSS-FC,
and TLSS-STI have all ceased operations since mid-February 2024. Besides TLSS-FC, Inc., Freight Connections, and Cougar Express, none
of the other Subsidiaries have filed bankruptcy. 

On
November 13, 2020, TLSS formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On January 15, 2021, through
Shyp FX, we simultaneously executed an asset purchase agreement and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all the assets and
certain liabilities of Double D Trucking, Inc., a northern New Jersey-based logistics provider specializing in servicing Federal Express
over the past 25 years DDTI ). On April 28, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with an unrelated third party
to sell substantially all of the assets and specific liabilities of Shyp FX. On June 21, 2022, we closed the transaction and sold substantially
all the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction. 

On
November 16, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, under the laws of the State of Delaware. On March 24, 2021, TLSSA, acquired
all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing
in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the New York City tri-state area. On February 27, 2024, Cougar Express, filed a Chapter
7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New York under the United States Bankruptcy Code, assigning all of the Cougar Express assets to
Mr. Andrew M. Thaler, Esq., as Trustee (the Cougar Express Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business. The
Cougar Express Trustee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit of the Cougar Express creditors pursuant to the provisions
of the Chapter 7 Statute. As a result of Cougar Express filing the Chapter 7 petition, the Trustee assumed all authority to manage Cougar
Express. Additionally, as of February 27, 2024, Cougar Express no longer conducts any business and is not permitted by the Trustee to
conduct any business. For these reasons, effective February 27, 2024, the Company relinquished control of Cougar Express. Therefore,
the Company deconsolidated Cougar Express, effective with the filing of the Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition on February 27, 2024. 

On
February 21, 2021, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp CX, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of New York. Shyp
CX does not engage in any revenue-generating operations and is currently inactive. 

On
August 4, 2022, Cougar Express closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK Cartage, a New York-based full-service logistics
provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state area. In February 2024, due to lack of working capital
to conduct its business, JFK Cartage ceased its operations and no longer conducts any business and all of its assets of the Company were
voluntarily conveyed to the Cougar Trustee. 

On
August 17, 2022, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective September
16, 2022, TLSS-FC closed on an acquisition to acquire all outstanding stock of Freight Connections, a New Jersey-based company that offered
an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services throughout the New York tri-state area.
On December 1, 2023, TLSS-FC and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Freight Connections, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State
of New Jersey under the United States Bankruptcy Code, assigning all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to Mr. Steven P Kartzman,
Esq., as Trustee (the TLSS Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business. The TLSS Trustee has been charged with
liquidating the assets for the benefit of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connection s creditors pursuant to the provisions of the Chapter
7 Statute. As a result of TLSS-FC and Freight Connections filing of the Chapter 7 petition, the TLSS Trustee assumed all authority to
manage TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Additionally, TLSS-FC and Freight Connections no longer conduct any business and are not permitted
by the TLSS Trustee to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective December 1, 2023, the Company relinquished control of TLSS-FC
and Freight Connections. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated TLSS-FC and Freight Connections effective with the filing of the Chapter
7 petition on December 3, 2023. In November 2023, the Company fully impaired the goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets
of Freight Connection and the Company recognized a loss on deconsolidation of approximately 400,000. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, under the laws of the State of Delaware. TLSS-STI does not
engage in any revenue-generating operations and is currently inactive. Effective January 31, 2023, TLSS-STI acquired all of the outstanding
stock of each of Severance Trucking, Severance Warehouse and McGrath, which together offered less-than-truckload (LTL) trucking services
throughout New England. In February 2024, due to the lack of working capital to conduct its business, Severance ceased its operations
and no longer conducts any business and all fixed assets of the Company were voluntarily surrendered to the prior owners. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company formed TLSS Ops and TLSS-CE. Simultaneously with the formation of these entities, Cougar Express became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TLSS-CE; Severance Warehousing and McGrath became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Severance Trucking; Severance Trucking became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI; and each of TLSS-CE, TLSS-STI and TLSS-FC became wholly-owned subsidiaries of TLSS Ops. 

On
December 1, 2023, two of the Company s subsidiaries, TLSS-FC, Inc. and Freight Connections filed voluntary bankruptcy petitions
under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the State of New Jersey. JFK Cartage, the Severance entities, TLSSA, TLSS Ops,
Shyp CX, Shyp FX, TLSS-CE, TLSS-FC, and TLSS-STI have all ceased operations since mid-February 2024. 

1 

Subsequent
to the cessation of all of the Company s revenue generating operations and through the date of this Annual Report, the Company
continues to remain insolvent and as a result, has been unable to meet its annual and quarterly periodic reporting obligations under
34 Act. The Company has obtained financing to enable us to complete the audit of the financial statements for this Annual Report and
to commence the reviews for the subsequent 2024 quarters to enable the Company to prepare and file this Annual Report, and subsequent
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (the 2024 Quarterly Reports ). Following the filing of this Annual Report, we intend to continue
working to complete the necessary interim financial statements and file the 2024 Quarterly Reports as soon as possible hereafter; however,
the Company will require additional financing to fund the necessary costs related to the preparation and filing of one or more of the
2024 Quarterly Reports. In addition, we are also evaluating a possible restructuring of our remaining existing debts and obligations,
as well as assessing the possibility of replacing our discontinued businesses and/or entering into new line(s) of business, whether by
acquisition or otherwise. However, there can be no assurance that we will, in fact, be able to replace our former business and/or enter
into new line(s) of business, or to do so profitably. 

Corporate
History 

TLSS
was incorporated under the name PetroTerra Corp. in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2008. Prior to March 2017, TLSS was
an independent oil or gas exploration and development company focused on the acquisition or lease of properties that potentially contained
extractable oil or gas. However, at that time, we had not generated any revenues and, due to a decline in the oil and gas markets, elected
to seek other business opportunities. 

On
March 30, 2017, TLSS entered into an agreement to acquire Save on Transport Inc., a Florida-based non-asset provider of integrated transportation
management solutions, including brokerage and logistics services related to the transportation of automobiles and other freight Save
on Transport ), as a wholly owned subsidiary. On June 18, 2018, TLSS completed the acquisition of all outstanding membership interests
of Prime EFS from its members. On July 24, 2018, TLSS formed Shypdirect LLC, a company organized under the laws of New Jersey. 

Between
June 18, 2018 and September 30, 2020, we operated through Prime EFS and Shypdirect. The great bulk of Prime EFS s business prior
to September 30, 2020 was conducted pursuant to the Delivery Service Provider program of Amazon Logistics, Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com,
Inc. Amazon ), but the program was terminated effective September 30, 2020. As a result, Prime EFS ceased operations on
September 30, 2020. Shypdirect conducted its business as a carrier under a relay program service agreement with Amazon (the Program
Agreement ), but the Program Agreement expired on May 14, 2021. In June 2021, Shypdirect ceased its tractor trailer and box truck
delivery services to Amazon, and in July 2021, Shypdirect ceased all operations. 

On
November 13, 2020, TLSS formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Shyp FX, under the laws of the State of New Jersey. On January 15, 2021, through
Shyp FX, we simultaneously executed an asset purchase agreement and closed a transaction to acquire substantially all the assets and
certain liabilities of Double D Trucking, Inc., a northern New Jersey-based logistics provider specializing in servicing Federal Express
over the past 25 years DDTI ). 

On
November 16, 2020, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, TLSSA, under the laws of the State of Delaware. On March 24, 2021, TLSSA, acquired
all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cougar Express, a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing
in pickup, warehousing, and delivery services in the New York City tri-state area. 

On
August 16, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in the State of New Jersey pursuant
to N.J.S.A. 2A:19-1, et seq. (the ABC Statute ), assigning all Prime EFS and Shypdirect assets to Terri Jane Freedman
as Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors (the Assignee and filing for dissolution. An Assignment for the Benefit
of Creditors, general assignment or ABC in New Jersey is a state-law, voluntary, judicially-supervised
corporate liquidation and unwinding similar to the Chapter 7 bankruptcy process pursuant to the United States Bankruptcy Code. On September
7, 2021, the ABCs were filed with the Bergen County Clerk in Bergen County, New Jersey and filed with the Surrogate Court, Bergen County,
initiating judicial proceedings. Effective September 7, 2021, we relinquished control of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Further, on October
13, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed for dissolution with the Secretary of State of New Jersey. Therefore, we deconsolidated Prime
EFS and Shypdirect effective with the filing of executed Deeds of Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors in September 2021. 

On
April 28, 2022, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with an unrelated third party to sell substantially all of the assets and
specific liabilities of Shyp FX. On June 21, 2022, we closed the transaction and sold substantially all the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash
transaction. 

On
August 4, 2022, Cougar Express closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK Cartage, a New York-based full-service logistics
provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state area. On August 17, 2022, the Company formed a wholly-owned
subsidiary, TLSS-FC, under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective September 16, 2022, TLSS-FC closed on an acquisition to acquire
all outstanding stock of Freight Connections, a New Jersey-based company that offered an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating,
distribution, and local cartage services throughout the New York tri-state area. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective January
31, 2023, TLSS-STI acquired all of the outstanding stock of each of Severance Trucking, Severance Warehouse and McGrath, which together
offered less-than-truckload (LTL) trucking services throughout New England. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company formed TLSS Ops and TLSS-CE. Simultaneously with the formation of these entities, Cougar Express became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TLSS-CE; Severance Warehousing and McGrath became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Severance Trucking; Severance Trucking became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI; and each of TLSS-CE, TLSS-STI and TLSS-FC became wholly-owned subsidiaries of TLSS Ops. 

On
December 1, 2023, TLSS-FC and Freight Connections, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New Jersey under the United
States Bankruptcy Code, assigning all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to Mr. Steven P Kartzman, Esq., as Trustee (the TLSS
Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business. The TLSS Trustee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the
benefit of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connection s creditors pursuant to the provisions of the Chapter 7 Statute. As a result of TLSS-FC
and Freight Connections filing of the Chapter 7 petition, the TLSS Trustee assumed all authority to manage TLSS-FC and Freight Connections.
Additionally, TLSS-FC and Freight Connections no longer conduct any business and are not permitted by the TLSS Trustee to conduct any
business. For these reasons, effective December 1, 2023, the Company relinquished control of TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Therefore,
the Company deconsolidated TLSS-FC and Freight Connections effective with the filing of the Chapter 7 petition on December 3, 2023. 

On
February 27, 2024, Cougar Express, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New York under the United States Bankruptcy
Code, assigning all of the Cougar Express assets to Mr. Andrew M. Thaler, Esq., as Trustee (the Cougar Express Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business. The Cougar Express Trustee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit
of the Cougar Express creditors pursuant to the provisions of the Chapter 7 Statute. As a result of Cougar Express filing the Chapter
7 petition, the Trustee assumed all authority to manage Cougar Express. Additionally, as of February 27, 2024, Cougar Express no longer
conducts any business and is not permitted by the Trustee to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective February 27, 2024, the
Company relinquished control of Cougar Express. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated Cougar Express, effective with the filing of the
Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition on February 27, 2024. 

2 

In
February 2024, due to the lack of working capital to conduct its business, Severance Trucking ceased its operations and no longer conducts
any business and all fixed assets of the Company were voluntarily surrendered to the prior owners. JFK Cartage, the Severance entities,
TLSSA, TLSS Ops, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, TLSS-CE, TLSS-FC, and TLSS-STI have all ceased operations since mid-February 2024. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in the United States at 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter, Florida 33458, and our telephone
number is (833) 764-1443. The Company s website is www.tlss-inc.com. 

Economic
Factors 

Our
restructuring efforts and possible new business opportunities are subject to a number of general economic factors that may have a material
effect on such results, many of which are largely out of our control, including our success in completing such restructuring, securing
necessary financing as well as finding and closing on any new business opportunities. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we only have one employee who serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Since
February 2024, other professional and executive services have been procured by TLSS through independent contractors. 

Depending
upon the outcome of our restructuring and if it leads to a new business opportunity, the Company would continue to evaluate its use of
human capital measures or objectives in managing its business, such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction
and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in its workforce. 

Information
Systems 

Cougar
Express, Freight Connections and Severance each used a suite of non-proprietary software programs and other technologies to manage dispatching
of vehicles, employees, DOT compliance, vehicle maintenance, and scheduling. However, subsequent to the cessation of these operations
and for reasons of nonpayment due to the Company s insolvency, such information systems were no longer available to the Company. 

How
to Obtain our SEC Filings 

We
file annual, quarterly, and special reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Reports, proxy statements and other information filed with the SEC can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities of
the SEC at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Such material may also be accessed electronically by means of the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov . You may also obtain our recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission from the Investors Regulatory
Filings section of our website www.tlss-inc.com. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the complete loss
of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this Annual
Report, including information in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results before making an investment decision. The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing TLSS. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

We
currently have no operating business and cannot determine, at this time, if we will be able to execute a go-forward restructuring of
the Company. 

Due
to our inability to secure the requisite operating capital to meet our obligations, we ceased operations in the first quarter of 2024.
Multiple of our operating subsidiaries have filed Chapter 7 and the remaining operating subsidiaries and the Company, remain insolvent.
In order to pursue a possible go-forward restructuring plan, the Company must first regain compliance with its outstanding and past due
SEC filings, which we are currently attempting to do. Our limited operating history and our proposed restructuring is subject to numerous
risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with an insolvent company. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

the
 absence of a significant operating history; 

an
 inability to raise capital to complete our SEC filings, fund ongoing costs, restructure the Company, and/or secure a new business
 opportunity; 

the
 inability to negotiate a satisfactory restructuring of our debts and obligations with creditors; 

expected
 continual losses for the foreseeable future; and 

reliance
 on key personnel 

Because
we are subject to these and other risks, you may have a difficult time evaluating the Company and your investment in the Company. We
may be unable to successfully overcome these risks which could harm the Company further. 

Our
restructuring strategy may be unsuccessful, and we may be unable to address the risks we face in a cost-effective manner, if at all.
If we are unable to successfully address these risks the Company will be further harmed. 

3 

We
may be unable to successfully find a new business opportunity. 

The
Company currently intends to pursue the restructuring of our existing debts and obligations and explore new business opportunities. Exploration
of potential new business opportunities, mergers or acquisitions requires significant attention to source and evaluate. In addition,
we can expect to compete for new business opportunities with other companies, some of which may have greater financial and other resources
than we do. We cannot ensure that we will have sufficient cash to start a new business, consummate a merger or acquisition, or otherwise
be able to obtain financing under acceptable terms, or obtain financing at all, for any new business venture. If we are unable to access
sufficient funding for a new business venture, we may not be able to complete transactions that we otherwise find advantageous. Any such
acquisition will entail numerous risks, including: 

we may not achieve anticipated levels of revenue, efficiency, cash flows and profitability; 

we may experience difficulties managing and integrating new businesses; 

we may underestimate the resources required to support a new business opportunity; 

we may incur unanticipated costs to support a new business; 

liabilities we assume could be greater than our original estimates or may not be disclosed to us at the time of closing a new business
opportunity; and 

we may incur additional indebtedness or we may issue additional equity to finance a new business venture or acquisitions, which could
be dilutive to our stockholders. 

To
the extent we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems resulting from any new business opportunity we undertake, there
could be a material adverse effect on our Company. 

We
have ongoing capital requirements that necessitate obtaining financing on favorable terms. 

We
have depended primarily on convertible and nonconvertible debt and equity financing to fund the Company. Unless financing is secured,
we will continue to face liquidity constraints and may have to seek protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code. Lack of funding
will adversely impact our ability to implement a business plan. 

We
have never been profitable and, given the cessation of our business operations, may continue to not be profitable. 

Historically,
the Company has never been profitable and is currently insolvent and has no operating business. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to implement a business plan, generate sustainable revenue or ever achieve consistently profitable operations. If the Company
continues to be insolvent, the Company may need to seek protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code or otherwise liquidate its
remaining assets. 

GENERAL
OPERATING RISK 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
initiatives. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as
rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls as well as mandating certain corporate governance practices. In the past,
our management and other personnel has devoted a substantial amount of time and financial resources to these compliance initiatives.
However, due to significant cost cutting measures, the Company currently lacks the depth of management and personnel to meet such requirements. 

We
currently do not have a sufficiently staffed accounting and finance function to maintain internal control systems adequate to meet the
demands that are placed upon us as a public company. As a result, we have been unable to report our financial results accurately or in
a timely manner and our business and stock price, assuming that a market for our stock develops, has suffered and may continue to suffer.
The costs of being a public company, as well as the lack of management depth, may have a material adverse effect on our future business
and financial condition. 

We
currently lack the funds to develop a business, which may adversely affect our future growth. 

The
Company currently has no operations that generate revenue. Unless and until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue, if ever,
we can only expect to finance our capital needs through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. Additional funds may not
be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required
to delay, reduce the scope of, our plans to grow our revenues or to consummate one or more strategic acquisitions or otherwise to scale
back or abandon our business plans. In addition, we could be forced to reduce or forego any new business opportunities or file for bankruptcy.
To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. In addition,
debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever
conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Our access to the financial markets
and the pricing and terms we receive in the financial markets could be adversely impacted by various factors, including changes in financial
markets and interest rates. 

Our
forecasts regarding the sufficiency of our financial resources to support our current and planned operations are forward-looking statements
and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary because of a number of factors, including the factors
discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong,
and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements may be substantial
and will depend on many factors including: 

revenue
 received from sales and operations, if any, in the future; 

the
 cost of merger, acquisitions or new business opportunity; and 

the
 costs associated with being a public company. 

4 

Raising
capital in the future could cause dilution to our existing stockholders or require us to relinquish rights. 

In
the future, we may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings and debt financings. To the extent
that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted,
and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. Debt financing, if available,
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability
to take specific actions such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified executive officers and managers, we will be unable to operate efficiently, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Currently,
we depend on the continued efforts and abilities of our sole executive officer, Sebastian Giordano Mr. Giordano ), to oversee
the completion of the Company s SEC filings, restructuring, manage day-to-day business, and identify strategic opportunities. The
loss of him could negatively affect our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and business prospects. Competition for managerial talent with significant industry experience is high and we may lose access to executive
officers for a variety of reasons, including more attractive compensation packages offered by our competitors. Although we had entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Giordano, we cannot guarantee that he or other key management personnel will remain employed by
us for any length of time, especially since such employment agreement is and remains in default for nonpayment. Our inability to adequately
fill vacancies in our senior executive positions on a timely basis could negatively affect our ability to implement our business strategy,
which could adversely impact our results of operations and prospects. 

Adverse
publicity in connection with our Subsidiaries bankruptcy cases negatively affect our current and future business prospects. 

Adverse
publicity or news coverage relating to us or our business, including, but not limited to, publicity or news coverage in connection with
our Subsidiaries that have filed for bankruptcy, may negatively impact our efforts to establish and promote our business, including with
respect to our prospective customers, suppliers, and service providers. 

If
our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and
services may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be damaged and we may face further difficulties securing new business
prospects. 

Because
our business requires the storage, transmission and utilization of consumer and customer information, we will continue to routinely be
the target of attempted cybersecurity and other security threats by technically sophisticated and well-resourced outside third parties,
among others, attempting to access or steal the data we store. We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents
resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting security vulnerabilities
or sophisticated attack methods. These threats include social engineering attacks, phishing attacks and other cyber-attacks, including
state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other
malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. In addition, increased attention on and use of artificial intelligence increases the
risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches, which can occur more quickly and evolve more rapidly when artificial intelligence is used. Further,
use of artificial intelligence by our employees, whether authorized or unauthorized, increases the risk that our intellectual property
and other proprietary information will be unintentionally disclosed. 

Cybersecurity
breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, the unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, significant litigation,
regulatory fines, penalties, loss of customers or reputational damage, indemnity obligations and other liability. There is no assurance
that the programs, technologies and processes that we have put in place in an effort to maintain the security and protection of our non-public
information and that of our customers will be fully implemented, complied with or effective. If our cybersecurity measures are breached
as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to
our systems or to consumer or customer information, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost, our reputation may be
damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access,
disable or degrade service or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target,
or even for some time after, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any
intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Because a successful breach of our computer systems, software, networks or other technology
asset could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences
of a cybersecurity incident. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Results and Financing Plans 

We
have a history of losses and may continue to incur losses in the future. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Historically,
we have primarily funded our operations with proceeds from sales of convertible debt, notes and convertible preferred stock. Since our
inception, we have incurred recurring losses, including a net loss of 14,264,646 and 8,076,066 for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. Until such time that we implement business operations, either internally or through an acquisition, we expect
to continue to generate operating losses in the foreseeable future, mostly due to corporate overhead and costs of being a public company.
These losses may increase, and we may never achieve profitability for a variety of reasons, including due to a lack of revenue generating
operations, and other factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 

As
of December 2, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had a cash balance of 257,628 and 218,152, respectively. Our cash balance as of December
2, 2024, will not be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of this Annual Report and we
will need to raise additional working capital. 

5 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that additional material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

We
have historically had a small internal accounting and finance staff with limited experience in public reporting. This lack of adequate
accounting resources has resulted in the identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, our
management team identified material weaknesses relating to, among other matters: 

We
 lack multiples levels of management review on complex business, accounting and financial reporting issues, and, 

We
 lack of adequate segregation of duties as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel. 

We
plan to take steps to seek to remediate these material weaknesses and to improve our financial reporting systems and implement new policies,
procedures, and controls. However, as of the date of this Annual Report, due to cost cutting measures, we only have one employee dedicated
to our financial and other public reporting obligations and have been untimely in reporting our financial results. If we continue to
be unsuccessful in remediating the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses or other deficiencies arise in
the future, we continue to be unable to accurately report our financial results on a timely basis. In addition, due to our lack of accounting
and finance personnel our reported financial results may be materially misstated and require restatement which could result in the loss
of investor confidence, delisting and/or cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
control deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting may until remedied cause errors in our financial statements or
cause our filings with the SEC to not be timely. 

There
may be errors in our financial statements that could require a restatement, or our filings may not be timely made with the SEC. Based
on the work undertaken and performed by us, however, we believe the financial statements contained in our reports filed with the SEC
are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP for each
of the periods presented. At present, our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective.
We identified material weaknesses including lack of sufficient internal accounting personnel in order to ensure complete documentation
of complex transactions and adequate financial reporting. 

We
intend to implement additional corporate governance and control measures to strengthen our control environment as we are able, but we
may not achieve our desired objectives. We may identify material weaknesses and control deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting in the future that may require remediation and could lead investors losing confidence in our reported financial information,
which could lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Our
preferred stock securities purchase agreements impose restrictions on us that may prevent us from engaging in beneficial transactions. 

We
have entered into preferred stock securities purchase agreements that contain covenants that restrict our ability to, among other things: 

make
 certain payments, including the payment of dividends; 

redeem
 or repurchase our capital stock; 

incur
 additional indebtedness and issue additional preferred stock; 

make
 investments or create liens; 

merge
 or consolidate with another entity; 

sell
 certain assets; and 

enter
 into transactions with affiliates. 

Actual
results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. 

To
prepare consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements that affect the reported values of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: 

the
 valuation of accounts receivable; 

the
 useful life of property and equipment; the valuation of intangible assets; 

the
 valuation of right of use asset and related liability; 

the
 valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed; 

assumptions
 used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets; 

estimates
 of current and deferred income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances; 

the
 fair value of non-cash equity transactions; and 

the
 value of claims against the Company. 

At
the time the estimates and assumptions are made, we believe they are accurate based on the information available. However, our actual
results could differ from, and could require adjustments to, those estimates. 

A
further decline in our available cash could result in our liquidation. 

If
we were to sustain a further decline in our or available cash, we could experience future difficulties in complying with our various
financial obligations. The failure to comply with such obligations could result in an event of default under the various financial instruments
that may then become immediately due and payable. In addition, should an event of default occur, such lenders could elect to terminate
their commitments thereunder, cease making loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets. 

6 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

As
a result of our ceasing of operations, we may be considered a shell company in which case shares of our common stock will
subject to restrictions on resale. 

Due
to our ceasing of operations, we may currently have nominal operations with our assets consisting mostly of cash, and/or cash
equivalents. Accordingly, we may be deemed a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the 34 Act. If we are deemed a
 shell company, until we are no longer a shell company, we would need to file a Form 10 level disclosure,
and continue to be a reporting company pursuant to the 34 Act, as amended, and for twelve months, stockholders holding restricted,
non-registered shares will not be able to use the exemptions provided under Rule 144 for the resale of their shares of common stock.
Preclusion from any prospective investor using the exemptions provided by Rule 144 may be more difficult for us to sell equity
securities or equity-related securities in the future to investors that require a shorter period before liquidity or may require us
to expend limited funds to register their shares for resale in a future prospectus. 

Conversion
and/or exercise of our preferred stock and/or warrants, has, and is likely to continue to dilute the ownership interest of our existing
stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their notes and preferred stock or exercised their warrants, and has and
may continue to depress the price of our common stock, and may impede our ability to raise funds in the future. 

In
conjunction with capital raising efforts during 2022 and 2021, the Company made commitments to stockholders, preferred stockholders,
and warrant holders to issue, or keep available for issuance, additional shares of common stock of the Company. On December 31, 2023
and 2022, the closing trading price of our common stock as quoted on OTC Pink market was 0.0008 and 0.0039, respectively. Anti-dilution
protection features contained in our preferred stock securities purchase agreements and warrants only provide for one-way adjustment.
If we issue or sell, or are deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments,
other than certain exempt issuances, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal
to the conversion price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive
Issuance , then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount
equal to the Base Share Price. As a result, the existing stockholders, including holders who earlier converted their notes or preferred
stock, or exercised their warrants, will continue to be subject to substantial dilution. 

The
past and potential future dilution, and the potential lack of sufficient authorized shares, could make it more difficult for us to raise
funds through future offerings of common stock, warrants or convertible securities, and could adversely impact the terms under which
we could obtain additional capital. In addition, the existence of our convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants
because the conversion of any convertible notes or preferred shares could be used to satisfy short positions. 

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTC Experts Market and there is a limited trading market for our common stock. 

On
July 17, 2024, our common stock was downgraded to the OTC Experts Market, after having been quoted on the OTC Pink Tier since August
21, 2022. 

There
is currently an active trading market for our common stock, but our common stock has traded in recent years only on a limited basis.
Although there is an active trading market for our common stock, there are no assurances that trading activity will be sustained. 

The
public market for our common stock may be volatile. This may affect the ability of our investors to sell their shares as well as the
price at which they sell their shares. 

The
market price for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors such as variations in quarterly and yearly operating
results, general trends in the transportation and logistics industry, and changes in state or federal regulations affecting us and our
industry. Furthermore, in recent years the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the affected companies. Such broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock if a market for it develops. 

Our
common stock price has fluctuated in recent years, and the trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to reflect changes,
which could result in losses to investors and litigation. 

In
addition to changes to market prices based on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section, the market price of and trading volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related
to our actual operating performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition,
the average daily trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors
that could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the
 results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic
 actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, media coverage and other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

lack
 of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or opportunities in the markets in which
 we compete; 

changes
 in government policies in the United States; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results
 of operations to meet those expectations; 

dilution
 caused by the conversion into common stock of preferred shares and exercise of warrants; 

market
 and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

any
 lawsuit involving us or our services; 

arrival
 and departure of key personnel; 

sales
 of common stock by us, our investors, or members of our management team; and 

changes
 in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those
 resulting from natural or man-made disasters and armed conflicts. 

Any
of these factors, as well as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our
common stock and could seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent
stockholders from being able to sell their shares at or above the price they paid for shares of our common stock, if at all. In addition,
following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action
litigation against that company. Our involvement in any class action suit or other legal proceeding, including the existing lawsuits
filed against us and described elsewhere in this report, could divert our senior management s attention, and could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

7 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some
customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate
that any funds available for payment of dividends will be re-invested into our company to further its business strategy. Because we do
not anticipate paying dividends in the future, the only opportunity for our stockholders to realize value in our common stock will likely
be through a sale of those shares. 

All
of our debt obligations will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation dissolution
or winding up and the convertible notes may be accelerated upon certain events of default. 

In
any bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, shares of common stock would rank in right of payment or distribution
below all debt claims against us. As a result, holders of common stock will not be entitled to receive any payment or distribution in
respect of their shares prior to the discharge of all debt claims against us. As a result, holders of shares of common stock will not
be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets in the event of a bankruptcy or upon a liquidation or dissolution
until after all of our obligations to our debt holders. Accordingly, holders of common stock may lose their entire investment in the
event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

Future
sales of our securities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our future capital-raising activities could involve
the issuance of equity securities, which would dilute your investment and could result in a decline in the trading price of our common
stock. 

We
may sell securities in the public or private equity markets if and when conditions are favorable, or at prices per share below the current
market price of our common stock, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Sales of substantial
amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our shares and our ability to raise capital. We may issue additional shares of common stock in future financing transactions or as
incentive compensation for our executive management and other key personnel, consultants and advisors. Issuing any equity securities
would be dilutive to the equity interests represented by our then-outstanding shares of common stock. Moreover, sales of substantial
amounts of shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. In addition, we have existing series of preferred
stock outstanding that, if converted into shares of our common stock, would cause additional dilution to our existing stockholders. In
future offerings, we may also be required to grant potential investors new securities rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those
possessed by our then-existing stockholders to induce them to invest in our company. The issuance of these senior securities may adversely
affect the holders of our common stock as a result of preferential dividend and liquidation rights over the common stock and dilution
of the voting power of the common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

As
of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there were no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

Given
the size of our company and the nature of our operations, we do not believe that we face significant cybersecurity risk. 

We
have not adopted any cybersecurity risk management program or formal processes for assessing cybersecurity risk. We utilize standard
commercial software for business operations, which includes basic security features such as password protection and data encryption.
Our management is generally responsible for assessing and managing any cybersecurity threats. 

To
date, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents, and there has been no known unauthorized access to our systems. Should
any reportable cybersecurity incident arise, our management shall promptly report such matters to the Company s Board of Directors
(the Board for further actions, including regarding the appropriate disclosure in accordance with SEC regulations, mitigation,
and other response or actions that the Board deems appropriate to take. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in the United States at 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter, Florida 33458. 

Due
to the discontinuation of all of our operating businesses, we abandoned all leases related to properties used by Freight Connections,
Severance, Cougar Express and JFK Cartage. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2023, we wrote off the remaining balance of
these right of use assets and recorded a loss on lease abandonment of 2,127,807. Additionally, in connection with the deconsolidation
of Freight Connections, we wrote off the remaining right of use asset balances of 7,774,566, which was part of loss on deconsolidation
of subsidiary. These losses are included in loss from discontinued operations. 

8 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Other
than discussed below, we are not currently a party to any other legal proceeding that we believe would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

SCS,
LLC v. TLSS 

On
November 17, 2020, a former financial consultant to the Company, SCS, LLC, filed an action against the Company in the Circuit Court of
the 15 th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, captioned SCS, LLC v. Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. The
case was assigned Case No. 50-2020-CA-012684. 

In
this action, SCS alleges that it entered into a renewable six-month consulting agreement with the Company dated September 5, 2019 and
that the Company failed to make certain monthly payments due thereunder for the months of October 2019 through March 2020, summing to
 42,000. The complaint alleges claims for breach of contract, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment and account stated. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company filed its answer, defenses and counterclaims in this action. Among other things, the Company avers that
SCS s claims are barred by its unclean hands and other inequitable conduct, including breach of its duties (i) to maintain the
confidentiality of information provided to SCS and (ii) to work only in furtherance of the Company s interests, not in furtherance
of SCS s own, and conflicting, interests. The Company also avers, in its counterclaims, that SLS owes the Company damages in excess
of the 42,000 sought in the main action because SLS was at least grossly negligent in any due diligence it undertook before recommending
that the Company acquire Prime EFS LLC in June 2018. SCS filed a motion to strike TLSS s defenses and counterclaims, and TLSS opposed
that application. Those motions remain sub judice. 

A
two-day non-jury trial was held in this action in Palm Beach County, Florida, on April 20-21, 2022. However, at the end of the second
day a mistrial was declared because SCS had not withdrawn its motion to strike and answered the counterclaims. 

On
July 20, 2023, SCS moved for summary judgment in this action. On July 27, 2023, the Company filed papers opposing the motion. On August
21, 2023, the court conferenced SCS s motion for summary judgment and SCS s motion to strike counterclaims and dismiss the
counterclaims. The court indicated it would deny the first motion and grant the second motion. On September 5, 2023, the Company filed
Amended Affirmative Defenses and an Amended Counterclaim. On October 2, 2023, SCS filed a motion to Dismiss the Amended Counterclaim
but it did not file a motion to strike the Amended Affirmative Defenses. On October 3, 2023, the Company filed a motion to strike SCS s
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Counterclaim on the grounds that SCS s motion was not filed within ten (10) days as required under
Florida law. On July 19, 2024, the court denied SCS s motion for summary judgment on all claims in its entirety. 

The
Company believes it has substantial defenses to all claims alleged in SCS s complaint, as well as valid affirmative defenses and
counterclaims. The Company therefore intends to defend this case vigorously. 

Because
there have been no further filings or proceedings on this case since July 2024, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable
or unfavorable outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. The Company is currently
in settlement discussions with SCS. 

Shareholder
Derivative Action 

On
June 25, 2020, the Company was served with a putative shareholder derivative action filed in the Circuit Court of the 15 th 
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the Court captioned SCS, LLC, derivatively on behalf of Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. v. John Mercadante, Jr., Douglas Cerny, Sebastian Giordano, Ascentaur LLC and Transportation and Logistics
Systems, Inc. The action has been assigned Case No. 2020-CA-006581. 

The
plaintiff in this action, SCS, alleges it is a limited liability company formed by a former chief executive officer and director of the
Company, Lawrence Sands. The complaint alleges that between April 2019 and June 2020, the immediately prior chairman and chief executive
officer of the Company, Mercadante, the former chief development officer of the Company, Cerny, and, since February 2020, the Company s
then restructuring consultant who is now chairman and chief executive officer of the Company, Giordano, breached fiduciary duties owed
to the Company. Prior to becoming CEO, Giordano rendered his services to the Company through the final named defendant in the action,
Ascentaur LLC. 

The
complaint alleges that Mercadante breached duties to the Company by, among other things, requesting, in mid-2019, that certain preferred
equity holders, including SCS, convert their preferred shares into Company common stock in order to facilitate an equity offering by
the Company and then not consummating that offering. The complaint also alleges that Mercadante and Cerny caused the Company to engage
in purportedly wasteful and unnecessary transactions such as taking merchant cash advances (MCA) on disadvantageous terms. The complaint
further alleges that Mercadante and Cerny issued themselves over two million shares of common stock without consideration. 
The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, negligent breach
of fiduciary duty, constructive fraud, and civil conspiracy and the appointment of a receiver or custodian for the Company. 

Company
management tendered the complaint to the Company s directors and officers liability carrier for defense and indemnity
purposes, which coverage is subject to a 250,000 self-insured retention. Each of the individual defendants and Ascentaur LLC has advised
that they vigorously deny each and every allegation of wrongdoing alleged in the complaint. Among other things, Mercadante asserts that
he made every effort to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 and early 2020 and could not do so solely because of the Company s
precarious financial condition. Mercadante also asserts that he made clear to SCS and other preferred equity holders, before they converted
their shares into common stock, that there was no guarantee the Company would be able to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 or
early 2020. In addition, Mercadante and Cerny assert that they received equity in the Company on terms that were entirely fair to the
Company and entered into MCA transactions solely because no other financing was available to the Company. 

By
order dated September 15, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this case dismissed the original Complaint in the matter, finding (a) that
SCS had failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. The dismissal
was without prejudice, meaning SCS could attempt to replead its claims. 

9 

On
October 5, 2022, SCS filed an Amended Complaint in this action. By order dated December 19, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this
case once again dismissed the case, finding (a) that SCS still failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint
still fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. Once again, however, the dismissal was without prejudice. 

On
January 18, 2023, SCS filed a Second Amended Complaint in this action. All defendants once again moved to dismiss the pleading or in
the alternative for summary judgment on it in their favor. The Court heard argument on that motion on March 9, 2023. On May 15, 2023,
the Court issued a summary order denying the defendants motion to dismiss. On June 1, 2023, all defendants moved for reconsideration
of the May 15 order. On November 28, 2023, the Court denied the motion for reconsideration. 

The
Company believes the action to be frivolous and intend to mount a vigorous defense to this action. On September 15, 2024, the defendants
filed a Motion to Strike Plaintiff s Pleadings and to Preclude Plaintiff from Calling Any Witnesses or Introducing Any Exhibits
at Trial to Plaintiff s failure to (i) comply with the court s Pretrial Order; and (ii) produce discovery. 

Because
no discovery has occurred in the case, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable outcome, nor is it
possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. In a derivative case, any recovery is to be paid to the
corporation; however, the individual defendants in this case are fully indemnified by the Company unless a final judgment is entered
against them for deliberate or intentional misconduct. 

Jose
R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al. 

On
August 4, 2020, an action was filed against Shypdirect, Prime EFS and others in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Bergen County captioned
 Jose R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al . The case was assigned docket number BER-L-004534-20. 

In
this action, the plaintiff seeks reimbursement of his medical expenses and damages for personal injuries following an accident with a
box truck leased by Shypdirect and subleased to Prime EFS and being driven by a Prime EFS employee, in which the plaintiff s ankle
was injured. Plaintiff has thus far transmitted medical bills exceeding 789,000. Prime EFS and Shypdirect demanded their vehicle liability
carrier assume the defense of this action. To date, the carrier has not done so, allegedly because, among other reasons, the box truck
was not on the list of insured vehicles at the time of the accident. 

On
November 9, 2020, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed their answer to the complaint in this action and also filed a third-party action against
the insurance company in an effort to obtain defense and indemnity for this action. 

On
May 21, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect also filed an action in the Supreme Court, State of New York, Suffolk County (the Suffolk
County Action ), seeking defense and indemnity for this claim from the insurance brokerage, TCE/Acrisure LLC, which sold the County
Hall insurance policy to Shypdirect. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a First Amended Complaint to name four (4) additional parties as defendants
 TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. In the claim against TLSS, Plaintiff seeks to pierce the corporate
veil and hold TLSS responsible for the alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect as the supposed alter ego of these subsidiaries.
In the claims against Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc., Plaintiff seeks to hold these entities responsible for the
alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect on a successor liability theory. 

On
September 16, 2021, each of these entities filed papers in opposition to this motion. 

On
September 24, 2021, the Court granted Plaintiff s motion for leave to amend the complaint, thus adding TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp
FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. as Defendants. 

On
October 22, 2021, Acrisure stipulated to consolidate the Suffolk County Action into and with the Bergen County action. 

On
November 22, 2021, all Defendants filed their Answer to the First Amended Complaint. On November 3, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect refiled
their Third-Party Complaint against TCI/Acrisure in the Bergen County action. On December 23, 2021, Acrisure filed its Answer to the
Third-Party Complaint, denying its material allegations. 

On
March 2, 2022, Plaintiff sought and was granted leave to file a Second Amended Complaint, bringing claims against Prime and Shypdirect s
vehicle liability carrier, County Hall (for discovery) as well as the producing broker, TCE/Acrisure. Plaintiff also asserted additional
alter ego allegations against TLSS. 

On
February 15, 2023, Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a Third Amended Complaint in this action, seeking to assert claims against
TLSS s former CEO, John Mercadante, also on a pierce the corporate veil theory. On March 9, 2023, TLSS, Prime and
Shypdirect opposed the motion for leave to add Mercadante, arguing that any claim against Mercadante would be both futile and time-barred.
On March 31, 2023, the Court denied Plaintiff s motion to add Mr. Mercadante as a party. 

In
January and February, 2023, numerous depositions were taken in the case, including those of Messrs. Giordano and Mercadante. 

On
September 16, 2024, the court entered an order granting Plaintiff s motion for final judgment by default on liability against Defendants
Shypdirect, Prime EFS, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, and Cougar Express. 

To
date, to the best of the Company s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would permit
the imposition of alter ego liability on TLSS for the subject accident. 

To
date, to the best of the Company s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would permit
the imposition of successor liability on Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and/or Cougar Express, Inc. for the subject accident. 

Under
a so-called MCS-90 reimbursement endorsement to the County Hall policy, TLSS believes that Prime and Shypdirect may have up to 750,000
in coverage under a 1980 federal law under which County Hall is require[d] to pay damages for certain claims or suits 
that are not covered by the policy. See Endorsement CHI 290 (02/19) to County Hall policy effective May 31, 2019.) 

10 

TLSS
intends to vigorously defend itself in this action and to pursue the third-party actions, in the name and right of Prime and Shypdirect,
against both County Hall and TCE/ Acrisure. 

All
discovery in this case was completed on or before August 31, 2024. 

Currently,
there are pending cross-motions for summary judgment filed by Plaintiff, Defendants/Third-Party Plaintiffs Jose A. Mercedes-Mejia, Prime
EFS, Shypdirect, LLC, and TLSS, and Defendant/Third-Party Defendant County Hall Insurance. The insurance broker, Acrisure, has also filed
a motion on the malpractice claim against it. On November 8, 2024, the court granted Defendant/Third-Party Plaintiff Ryder Truck Rental,
Inc. s motion for summary judgment. At this time, the parties are tentatively scheduled for mediation on December 6, 2024. 

Because
of this complex litigation involving multiple parties and claims, we cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or estimate
the Company s liability, if any, in connection with this claim. 

Maria
Lugo v. JFK Cartage 

The
Company s JFK Cartage, Inc. subsidiary is one of three defendants in an action captioned Maria Lugo v. JFK Cartage, Inc. d/b/a
Fifth Dimension Logistix, Joan Ton, individually, and Chris Bartley, individually . The case is pending in Supreme Court, State of
New York, Queens County, Index No. 704862/2022. 

In
this action, which was filed March 4, 2022, a former employee of JFK Cartage alleges that she suffered discrimination and retaliation
in violation of the New York City Human Rights Law and the New York State Human Rights Law. The former employee alleges that on December
28, 2021, she had Covid-19 symptoms, advised the defendants she was feeling ill and went home early to take a home test. She further
alleges that on December 30, 2021, she tested positive for Covid-19 and informed defendants she had to isolate for 10 days. Plaintiff
alleges that she returned to work on January 7, 2022, but that her employment was terminated later that day by defendant Bartley who
 questioned the authenticity of the at-home test, accusing her of fraud. Plaintiff claims her employment was terminated
due to her disability (a Covid-19 infection) and in retaliation for her requesting reasonable accommodation for the illness she suffered. 
She seeks unspecified compensatory damages, including lost pay and benefits, punitive damages and attorneys fees. 

On
December 16, 2022, all defendants filed an answer and affirmative defenses, denying all claims for statutory violations. The conduct
alleged in the complaint occurred prior to the Company s July 31, 2022, acquisition of JFK Cartage, Inc. The Company believes that,
in relation to this action, it has a right to full indemnification from the selling stockholder (including for attorneys fees)
as well as set-off rights against notes payable to the selling stockholder. 

On
September 4, 2024, a Stipulation of Discontinuance was filed which resulted in the dismissal of this case and closure of the entire action. 

Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, et al. 

The
Company s Freight Connections, Inc. subsidiary FCI was one of three named defendants in an action captioned Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, North Trucking Logistics, LLC and Freight Connections, Inc. in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex
County, Docket No. ESX-L-5147-18. 

In
this action, which was filed in 2018, Plaintiff alleges that on February 1, 2017, she suffered personal injuries in a collision between
her motor vehicle and a truck operated by a then employee of FCI. Plaintiff alleges that the truck was owned by FCI and leased to North
Trucking Logistics at the time. 

Two
other actions related to insurance coverage for the accident were filed. They are Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company v. Freight
Connections, LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-7144-19) and New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance
Company, as subrogee of Elaine Pryor v. Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket
No. ESX-L-5120). However, these two actions involving insurance coverage issues have been consolidated with the Pryor personal
injury claim. 

In
an opinion issued November 16, 2022, the court denied all parties motions for summary judgment on the insurance coverage issues. 

The
conduct alleged in the Pryor complaint occurred prior to the Company s September 16, 2022, acquisition of FCI. The selling
stockholder of FCI has advised the Company that the truck in question was not owned by FCI at the time of the accident and hence that
FCI is not a proper party defendant in this action. 

On
May 8, 2023, the Court in the Elaine Pryor action the entered an order, on the consent of counsel for all parties, directing that
the name of defendant FCI be changed to Freight Connections LLC and that this change be reflected in the caption of the case (the May
8, 2023 Order ). Freight Connections LLC is not a corporate affiliate of FCI but is rather an independent trucking company that
is wholly-owned by the individual who sold the stock of FCI to TLSS-FC effective September 16, 2022. (See Note 1 above.) 

In
light of the May 8, 2023 Order, the Company does not believe that it can be adjudged liable for any verdict or settlement in the Elaine
Pryor action. 

The
case was scheduled for trial on September 16, 2024; however, the case settled before the trial date and a Stipulation of Dismissal was
filed by all parties on September 25, 2024. 

Josh
Perez v. Cougar Express, Inc. 

An
attorney for a former Cougar Express (CE) employee, Josh Perez Perez ), has advised CE that he has filed a charge of discrimination
against CE with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). 

Perez
allegedly is asserting claims against CE for: gender discrimination under Title VII and the New York State Human Rights Law NYSHRL 
pregnancy/childbirth discrimination under Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; retaliation under Title VII
and NYSHRL; and familial status discrimination under NYSHRL. 

However,
CE has not received a copy, nor any notification, of the filing. 

11 

Perez
was employed by CE as a dock worker beginning on 3/8/2022 and last worked 9/27/2022. He alleges that in or around July 2022, he informed
CE that he was expecting a child. Perez has not provided any details regarding the individual(s) with CE he allegedly informed. On 9/27/22,
Perez requested that CE complete the employer section of his New York Paid Family Leave PFL paperwork, which CE did.
Thereafter, Perez ceased communicating with CE. Further, CE did not receive any confirmation that Perez had in fact filed for PFL or
that his PFL was approved. 

Because
CE did not hear from Perez or receive any confirmation concerning his application for or approval of PFL, CE concluded that Perez had
resigned. Another worker was hired to fill Perez s former position. Then, on or about 12/27/22, Perez contacted CE attempting to
return to work and was informed that there was no position for him. 

CE
categorically denies Perez s allegations and any purported wrongdoing. Because this matter is apparently pending with the EEOC
and CE has neither received a copy of the filing nor any notification of the filing, the Company cannot evaluate the likelihood of an
adverse outcome or estimate the Company s liability, if any, in connection with it. 

Joseph
Corbisiero v. Freight Connections, Inc., TLSS and TLSS-FC 

On
October 19, 2023, Joseph Corbisiero Corbisiero filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, Bergen
County, against the Company s subsidiary, Freight Connections, Inc. FC ), the Company, and the Company s TLSS-FC,
Inc. subsidiary. The case has been assigned # BER-L-005669-23. Corbisiero, who was then the sole stockholder of FC, sold all outstanding
shares of FC capital stock to TLSS-FC effective September 16, 2022 (the FC Closing Date and has acted as the CEO of FC
since then. 

The
complaint in this action contained two counts, one for the alleged breach of a 4,544.671.23 secured promissory note executed by FC in
Corbisiero s favor as of the FC Closing Date (the FC Promissory Note ), and the other for enforcement of a security
agreement, also dated as of the FC Closing Date, pursuant to which FC granted Corbiserio a lien and security interest on all 
of FC s property, assets and rights of every kind (the FC Security Agreement ). Neither the Company, nor TLSS-FC,
is a party to the FC Promissory Note or the FC Security Agreement. In the lawsuit, the Company and TLSS-FC are each denominated a Nominal
Defendant and the complaint does not seek relief from either entity. 

In
the complaint, Corbisiero alleged that FC defaulted on the FC Promissory Note by failing to pay monthly interest beginning in or around
August 1, 2023. Plaintiff also alleges that, by reason of its default, FC is also liable for default interest of 18 per annum plus late
charges of 5 each delinquent payment, plus costs of collection. The complaint further alleged that by reason of FC s default,
FC became liable for the full repayment of principal prior to the December 31, 2023, maturity date set forth in the note. 

The
complaint also contained a single paragraph in which it is alleged that TLSS and TLSS-FC are necessary and indispensable parties
to the instant action by virtue of each entity s express covenant and agreement to indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless
Plaintiff from and against all losses incurred by Plaintiff in connection with, among other things, any breach or nonfulfillment of any
covenant or agreement on the part of TLSS-FC and TLSS under [the stock purchase and sale agreement pursuant to which, as amended, TLSS-FC
(the FC SPSA acquired the then-outstanding capital stock of FC]. 

On
May 13, 2024, a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal Without Prejudice was filed by Corbisiero and this case was dismissed due to the petitions
for relief filed by Freight Connections and TLSS-FC under chapter 7 of title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Plaintiff expressly
reserved all claims, causes of action, and defenses against the Company, both individually and collectively, in connection with this
dispute. 

Other
than discussed above, as of the date of this Annual Report, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected
to have a material effect on the results of our operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Tier under the symbol TLSS from August 21, 2022, until July 17, 2024 when our common
stock was moved to the OTC Experts Market. Trading in OTC Expert Market stocks can be volatile, sporadic, and risky, as thinly traded
stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading may also depress the market price of our common stock
and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. The following table reflects the high and low bid price for
our common stock for the period indicated. The bid information for our common stock can be obtained from the OTC Markets Group, Inc.
and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2024 
 First 
 0.0009 
 0.0001 

Second 
 0.0002 
 0.0000 

Third 
 0.0002 
 0.0000 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2023 
 First 
 0.0076 
 0.0036 

Second 
 0.0050 
 0.0033 

Third 
 0.0036 
 0.0008 

Fourth 
 0.0010 
 0.0005 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 First 
 0.0180 
 0.0102 

Second 
 0.0112 
 0.0042 

Third 
 0.0085 
 0.0051 

Fourth 
 0.0060 
 0.0033 

12 

Holders 

As
of November 29, 2024, there were 100 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not previously declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors. We intend to retain any earnings
for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. Payment of dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, future
capital needs and our operating and financial condition, among other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We are not
under any contractual restriction as to our present or future ability to pay dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not currently have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

TLSS
is a publicly-traded holding company whose common stock was listed on OTC: PINK but was downgraded to the OTC Experts Market as of July
17, 2024. 

The
Company has ceased all remaining operations as of mid-February 2024. Prior to that, the Company and its Subsidiaries provided a full
suite of asset-based logistics and transportation services, specializing in ecommerce fulfillment, last mile deliveries, two-person home
delivery, mid-mile, and long-haul services. An asset-based delivery company, as compared to a non-asset-based delivery company, owns
the majority of its transportation equipment and employs the majority of its drivers. The Company and its Subsidiaries operated several
warehouse locations located in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts. 

On
December 1, 2023, TLSS-FC, Inc. and Freight Connections filed voluntary bankruptcy petitions under Chapter 7 of the United States Bankruptcy
Code in the State of New Jersey and on February 27, 2024, Cougar Express, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New York
under the United States Bankruptcy Code. The Company s other subsidiaries have all ceased operations since mid-February 2024 and
have not filed bankruptcy. 

Subsequent
to the cessation of all of the Company s revenue generating operations and through the date of this Annual Report, the Company
continues to remain insolvent and as a result, has been unable to meet its annual and quarterly periodic reporting obligations under
the 34 Act. The Company has obtained financing to enable us to complete the audit of the financial statements included in this Annual
Report and to commence reviews for the 2024 Quarterly Reports. Following the filing of this Annual Report, we are going to continue working
to complete the necessary financial statements and file the 2024 Quarterly Reports as soon as possible hereafter; however, the Company
will require additional financing to fund the necessary costs related to the preparation and filing of one or more of the 2024 Quarterly
Reports. In addition, we are also evaluating a possible restructuring of our remaining existing debts and obligations, as well as assessing
the possibility of replacing our discontinued businesses and/or entering into new line(s) of business, whether by acquisition or otherwise.
However, there can be no assurance that we will, in fact, be able to replace our former business and/or enter into new line(s) of business,
or to do so profitably. 

The
following discussion highlights the results of our operations and the principal factors that have affected the Company s consolidated
financial condition as well as its liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management
believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations presented
herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report, which
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. You should read the discussion and analysis together with such consolidated financial statements
and the related notes thereto. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report
in our consolidated financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Significant estimates included in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and footnotes include the valuation of accounts receivable, the useful life of property and equipment,
the valuation of intangible assets, the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, the valuation
of right of use assets and related liabilities, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets, estimates of current and
deferred income taxes and deferred tax valuation allowances, the fair value of non-cash equity transactions, the valuation of assets
and liabilities of discontinued operations, and the value of claims against the Company. Of the above significant estimates, we do not consider any to be critical given the discontinued operations presentation. 

Management
believes the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements. 

13 

Discontinued
Operations 

The
Company has classified the related assets and liabilities associated with our logistics and transportation services business as discontinued
operations in our consolidated balance sheets and the results of our logistics and transportation services business has been presented
as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented as the discontinuation of our business
had a major effect on our operations and financial results. 

Deconsolidation
of subsidiaries 

The
Company accounts for a gain or loss on deconsolidation of subsidiaries or derecognition of a group of assets in accordance with ASC 810-10-40-5.
The Company measures the gain or loss as the difference between (a) the aggregate of fair value of any consideration received, the fair
value of any retained noncontrolling investment and the carrying amount of any noncontrolling interest in the former subsidiary at the
date the subsidiary is deconsolidated and (b) the carrying amount of the former subsidiary s assets and liabilities or the carrying
amount of the group of assets. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include
adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
we be unable to continue our operation. Our results of operations reflect our continuing operations and reflect losses from discontinued
operations related to the discontinuation of our logistics businesses. All financial information has been restated to reflect our discontinued
operations for all periods presented. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023 compared with the year ended December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth our revenues, expenses and net loss for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 2,458,141 
 4,214,373 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,458,141 
 (4,214,373 
 
 Other (expenses) income, net 
 (68,060 
 82,829 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (2,526,201 
 (4,131,544 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (11,738,445 
 (3,944,522 
 
 Net loss 
 (14,264,646 
 (8,076,066 
 
 Deemed and accrued dividends 
 (558,553 
 (417,546 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (14,823,199 
 (8,493,612 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, total revenue is reflected as 0 as all activities of the Subsidiaries were reclassified
as discontinued operations on our consolidated financial statements. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, total operating expenses amounted to 2,458,141 as compared to 4,214,373 for the year ended December
31, 2022, a decrease of 1,756,232, or 41.7 , as reflected in the accompanying chart and described more fully below. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Compensation and related benefits 
 1,270,883 
 2,532,634 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 983,868 
 1,216,551 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 353,390 
 265,188 
 
 Contingency (gain) loss 
 (150,000 
 200,000 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 2,458,141 
 4,214,373 

14 

Compensation
and related benefits 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, compensation and related benefits amounted to 1,270,883 as compared to 2,532,634 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1,261,751, or 49.8 . During the year ended December 31, 2023, the overall decrease in compensation
and related benefits as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a decrease in compensation paid to
significant employees, including the departure of our chief financial officer in October 2023, a decrease in administrative staff due
to lack of working capital and a decrease in stock-based compensation of 958,424. 

Legal
and professional fees 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, legal and professional fees were 983,868 as compared to 1,216,551 for the year ended December 31,
2022, a decrease of 232,683, or 19.1 , which was primarily attributable to a decrease in accounting and auditing fees of 198,813 and
a net decrease in other professional fees of 33,870. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses include insurance expense and other general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31,
2023, general and administrative expenses were 353,390 as compared to 265,188 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of
 88,202, or 33.3 . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in insurance expense related to directors and officers 
insurance and a net increase in other general and administrative expenses. We expect future decreases in general and administrative expenses
due to cost-cutting measures taken and the cessation of operations. 

Contingency
(gain) loss 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, contingency loss amounted to 200,000 as compared to a contingency gain of 150,000) for the year
ended December 31, 2023, a change of 350,000, or 175.0 . In connection with the finalization of the assignment for the benefit of creditors
executed between Prime EFS and Shypdirect, in 2022, Terri Jane Freedman, as assignee, had demanded a one-time payment of 200,000 to
close out the estates of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. During 2023, we negotiated this amount and settled on a payment of 50,000. Accordingly,
during the year ended December 31, 2023 we recorded a contingency gain of 150,000 and during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
a contingency loss of 200,000. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, accrued expenses related to this settlement amounted to 50,000 and
 200,000, respectively, which is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Loss
from operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, loss from operations amounted to 2,458,141 as compared to 4,214,373 for the year ended December 31,
2022, a decrease of 1,756,232, or 41.7 , primarily due to: (i) decreases in compensation and other benefits of 1,261,751 and legal
expenses of 232,683 due to the cessation of business operations; offset by (ii) a 350,000 increase in contingency gain attributable
to reduced settlement amount as discussed above. Such decreases were partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses
of 88,202. 

Other
(expenses) income, net 

Total
other income (expenses) includes interest income, interest expense, derivative expense, warrant exercise inducement expense, gain on
debt extinguishment, settlement expense, gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries, and other income. For the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, other (expenses) income consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Interest income 
 992 
 31,166 
 
 Interest expense 
 (10,160 
 (4,351 
 
 Interest expense related parties 
 (68,875 
 - 
 
 Gain on sale of subsidiary 
 9,983 
 293,975 
 
 Settlement expense 
 - 
 (237,961 
 
 Total Other (Expenses) Income, net 
 (68,060 
 82,829 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, interest income was 992 and 31,166, respectively, a decrease of 30,176, or 96.8 due to
lower cash balances in 2023 as compared to 2022. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, aggregate interest expense was 79,035 and 4,351, respectively, an increase of 74,684. The
increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to an increase in related party notes payable. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded a gain from the sale of assets of our subsidiary, Shyp FX, of 9,983 to reflect
miscellaneous post-closing adjustments and 293,975 to record the gain referenced herein, as of the closing date of the transaction,
respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded settlement expense of 237,961 as compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2023 related
to a one-time settlement expense paid to Bellridge Capital, L.P. 

15 

Loss
from discontinued operations 

In
November 2023, we ceased operations of our Freight Connections subsidiary and on December 1, 2023, Freight Connections and TLSS-FC filed
a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New Jersey under the United States Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, in February 2024, we
ceased operations of all remaining logistic and transportation services subsidiaries, and on February 27, 2024, Cougar Express filed
a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New York under the United States Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, the financial position
and results of operations of all our Subsidiaries are reflected as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

The
following table sets forth our revenues, expenses and net loss for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 related to discontinued
operations. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 19,619,681 
 7,744,477 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 14,278,251 
 5,216,839 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,341,430 
 2,527,618 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (15,504,921 
 (6,351,129 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (1,574,954 
 (121,031 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (11,738,445 
 (3,944,522 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, operating expenses of discontinued operations included an impairment loss of 4,107,226 from the write
down of property and equipment, right of use assets, intangible assets and goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating
expenses of discontinued operations included an impairment loss of 2,090,567 from the write down of intangible assets and goodwill. 

Net
loss 

Due
to factors discussed above, for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, net loss amounted to 14,264,646 and 8,076,066, respectively.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, net loss attributable to common stockholders, which included dividends accrued on Series E and
Series G preferred stock of 558,553, amounted to 14,823,199, or (0.00) per basic and diluted common share. For the year ended December
31, 2022, net loss attributable to common stockholders, which included dividends accrued on Series E and Series G preferred stock of
 417,546, amounted to 8,493,612, or (0.00) per basic and diluted common share. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

On
December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 we had a cash balance of 218,152 and 1,470,807, respectively. Our working capital deficit
was 7,997,436 and 4,403,460 on December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. We reported a net decrease in cash for the year
ended December 31, 2023 of 1,252,655 primarily as a result of the use of cash used to purchase property and equipment of 519,644, cash
used in operations of 2,812,443, net cash used for acquisitions of 506,115, and the repayment of notes payable of 445,656, offset
by net cash proceeds received from the exercise of warrants of 619,111, proceeds from notes payable of 997,092, proceeds from related
party notes payable of 1,160,000, and proceeds from the collection of a note receivable of 255,000. As of December 2, 2024, the Company
had 257,628 in cash, primarily attributable to the issuance of two (2) unsecured promissory notes in each of August 2024 and October 2024
and one (1) unsecured promissory note in November 2024 in the aggregate principal amounts of 150,000, 100,000, and 50,000 respectively,
as discussed below. 

Although
we had historically raised capital from sales of shares of common stock, the sale of Series E and Series G preferred stock, and from
the issuance of convertible promissory notes and notes payable, the Company, in mid-February 2024, was unable to raise additional capital
or secure additional lending to meet its debt and liability obligations and, as a result, the Company had to cease its remaining operations. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
we had a net loss of 14,264,646 and 8,076,066 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The net cash used in operations
was 2,812,443 and 3,422,359 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Additionally, we had an accumulated deficit
and working capital deficit of 142,333,298 and 7,997,436, respectively, on December 31, 2023. These factors, in addition to the cessation
of all operations, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date
of this Annual Report. 

On
August 12, 2024, the Company issued two (2) promissory notes (the August 2024 Notes in the aggregate principal amount
of 150,000, with two lenders, who are holders of shares of the Company s Series E and Series G preferred stock (the 2024
Lenders ). The August 2024 Notes have an interest rate of 10 per annum that mature six (6) months from the date of issuance. The
primary purpose of the use of proceeds from the August 2024 Notes were to fund initial costs related to: (i) the commencement of the
Company s 2023 audit and quarterly reviews for 2024; (ii) regaining compliance with required SEC filings; (iii) maintaining the
Company s OTC listing; and (iv) keeping the Company in good standing with requisite taxing authorities. Such financing anticipates
the Company would secure additional financing to complete such audit and file its past due SEC filings, although there is no guarantee
that any such additional financing will be secured. 

If
the Company defaults on the August 2024 Notes, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the August 2024 Notes in full upon
five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry of a thirty (30) day
period, a default penalty equal to 5.0 per month during the period of default in addition to the 10 interest rate will apply to the
entire amount of the August Notes outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

On
October 9, 2024, the Company issued two unsecured non-convertible promissory notes (the October 2024 Notes in the aggregate
principal amount of 100,000, with an interest rate of 10 per annum that mature six months from the date of issuance, to the 2024 Lenders.
If the Company defaults on the October 2024 Notes, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the October 2024 Notes in full
upon five business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry of a thirty-day period,
a default penalty equal to 5.0 per month during the period of default in addition to the 10 interest rate will apply to the entire
amount of the October 2024 Notes outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. The primary use of the proceeds from the October
2024 Notes were for use in (i) the Company s 2023 audit and quarterly reviews for 2024; (ii) regaining compliance with required
SEC filings; (iii) maintaining the Company s OTC listing; (iv) keeping the Company in good standing with requisite taxing authorities;
and (v) fees for routine litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. 

Similar
to the August 2024 Notes, if the Company defaults on the October 2024 Notes, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the
October 2024 Notes in full upon five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon
the expiry of a thirty (30) day period, a default penalty equal to 5.0 per month during the period of default in addition to the 10 
interest rate will apply to the entire amount of the October Notes outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

16 

On
November 22, 2024, Company issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the November 2024 Note in the aggregate
principal amount of 50,000, with an interest rate of 10 per annum that matures six (6) months from the date of issuance, to the 2024
Lenders. If the Company defaults on the November 2024 Note, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the November 2024
Note in full upon five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry of
a thirty (30) day period, a default penalty equal to 5.0 per month during the period of default in addition to the 10 interest rate
will apply to the entire amount of the November 2024 Note outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

Concurrently
with the issuance of the November 2024 Note, the Company also entered into a letter agreement of even date (the November 2024
Letter Agreement with the 2024 Lenders setting forth, among other items, the intended use of proceeds of the November 2024 Notes
which include: (i) the completion of the Company s 2023 audit and reviews for the subsequent 2024 quarters; (ii) preparation and
submission of any requisite filings with the SEC and OTC Expert Market; (iii) maintaining good standing with requisite taxing authorities;
and (iv) fees for routine litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. 

Management
cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately get current in our SEC filings, successfully restructure its debts and liabilities,
find a new business opportunity, achieve profitable operations, become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital.
We are seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund our Company in the future and to pay our debt
obligations. Although we have historically raised capital from sales of preferred shares, and from the issuance of promissory notes and
convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company would need to filing bankruptcy. Our consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to 2,812,443. During the year ended December 31,
2023, net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a net loss of 14,264,646, adjusted for the add back (reduction)
of non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of 1,487,813, non-cash impairment loss from discontinued operations
of 4,107,226, non-cash loss from the deconsolidation of subsidiaries of 391,558, loss on disposal of property and equipment of 88,995
and bad debt expense of 397,346 and changes in operating assets and liabilities such as a decrease in accounts receivable of 991,985,
a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 32,244, decrease in security deposit of 89,171, an increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of 3,077,389, an increase in accrued expenses related parties of 68,875, and an decrease in accrued
compensation and related benefits of 77,631. 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 3,422,359. During the year ended December 31,
2022, net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to net loss of 8,076,066, adjusted for the add back (reduction)
of non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of 1,134,037, stock-based compensation of 1,386,570, stock-based professional
fees of 10,000, impairment loss of 2,090,567, related to the impairment of intangible assets, bad debt expense of 162,400, and a non-cash
gain from the sale of the assets of Shyp FX of 296,689, and changes in operating assets and liabilities such as a decrease in accounts
receivable of 450,715, a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 110,606, a decrease in security deposit of 20,185,
a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 218,364, a decrease in insurance payable of 130,590, and a decrease in accrued
compensation and related benefits of 102,983. 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 amounted to 770,759 and consisted of net cash used for acquisitions
of 713,586, and cash used for the purchase on transportation equipment of 519,644 offset by cash proceeds from a note receivable of
 255,000 and the cash received from acquisitions of 207,471. 

17 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 1,384,633, which consisted of cash used for acquisitions
of 1,930,712, cash used for the purchase of property and equipment of 143,948, and cash used for investment on note receivable of 255,000,
offset by net proceeds received from the sale of the assets of Shyp FX of 748,500 and cash acquired in acquisitions of 196,527. 

Financing
activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 2,330,547. During the year ended December 31, 2023,
we received cash proceeds of 1,160,000 from notes payable from related parties, 997,092 from notes payable and 619,111 from the exercise
of warrants, offset by the repayment of notes payable of 445,656. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities totaled 210,107. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we received proceeds from the sale of shares of Series G preferred stock of 855,000, cash proceeds of 245,714 from the exercise of
warrants, and cash from notes payable of 108,395, offset by the repayment of notes payable of 975,002 and the payment of liquidating
damages of 24,000. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation
provisions, changing interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide
certainty regarding the timing and amounts of payments. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, revenues, or operating results during the periods presented. 

Recently
Enacted Accounting Standards 

For
a description of accounting changes and recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects,
if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 2: Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the consolidated financial
statements filed with this Annual Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

18 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

19 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 AND 2022 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-34 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit)
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a net loss and cash used in operations of 14,264,646 and 2,812,443,
respectively for the year ended December 31, 2023. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of
 142,333,298 and 7,997,436, respectively, on December 31, 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical
audit matters. 

/s/
Salberg Company, P.A. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 . 

December
5, 2024 

2295
NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton, FL 33431-7328 

 Phone:
(561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

 www.salbergco.com
 info@salbergco.com 

 Member
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

 Member
CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality 

F- 2 

TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total Other Assets 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Notes payable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued compensation and related benefits 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total Long-term Liabilities 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value ; authorized shares: 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares
 designated; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 (Liquidation value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series D convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares designated; shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 2023 and 2022 per share liquidation value) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series E convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares designated; shares issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 per share liquidation value) 

Series G convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares designated; 
 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively per share liquidation value) 

Series H convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares designated; shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 2023 and 2022 per share liquidation value) 

Preferred stock, value 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

REVENUES 
 - 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation and related benefits 

Legal and professional fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Contingency (gain) loss 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest expense - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on sale of subsidiary 

Settlement expense 
 - 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET LOSS 

Deemed and accrued dividends 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED 

Net loss per share from continuing operations -basic and diluted 

Net loss per share from discontinued operations basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock Series B 
 Preferred Stock Series E 
 Preferred Stock Series G 
 Preferred Stock Series H 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services and future services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accretion of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sales of Series G preferred share units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series E preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series G preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 

Series H preferred and common stock issued in connection with acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Cancellation of Series B preferred in connection with settlement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends accrued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series G preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services and future services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Cancellation of common stock issued for services due to non-vesting 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Accretion of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Deemed and accrued dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense - discontinued operations 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based professional fees 
 - 

Impairment loss - discontinued operations 

Non-cash gain from sale of subsidiary 
 - 

Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary - discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal or sale of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Lease costs - discontinued operations 

Bad debt expense 

Non-cash gain on settlement 
 - 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposit 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance payable 
 - 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Increase in note receivable 
 - 

Proceeds from repayment of note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Cash acquired in acquisitions 

Cash used for acquisitions 

Cash proceeds from sale of subsidiary 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from sale of series G preferred share units 
 - 

Payment of liquidated damages on Series E preferred shares 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET DECREASE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of year 

CASH, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Conversion of Series E preferred stock to common stock 
 - 

Conversion of Series G preferred stock and accrued dividends to common stock 

Accrual of preferrerd stock dividends 

Issuance of common stock for future services 

Increase in right of use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of right of use assets to property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of common stock issued for services due to non-vesting 
 
 - 

ACQUISITIONS: 

Assets acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Security deposits 

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets acquired 

Less: liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

Notes payable 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired (liabilities) assumed 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

. In February 2024,
due to lack of working capital to conduct its business, JFK Cartage ceased its operations and no longer conducts any business and all
of its assets of the Company were voluntarily conveyed to the Cougar Express Trustee. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
all activities and balances of JFK Cartage are included as part of discontinued operations on the consolidated financial statements.
As of the date of these financial statements, TLSS-CE, which owns 100 of the stock of Cougar Express, has not filed for bankruptcy. 

Effective
September 16, 2022, TLSS-FC closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Freight Connections, a New Jersey-based company that
offered an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services throughout the New York tri-state
area. On December 1, 2023, TLSS-FC and its wholly-owned subsidiary Freight Connections, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the
State of New Jersey under the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Freight Bankruptcy ), assigning all of the TLSS-FC and
Freight Connections assets to Mr. Steven P. Kartzman, Esq., as trustee (the Freight Trustee for liquidation and unwinding
of the business. The Freight Trustee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connection s
creditors pursuant to the relevant provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. As a result of the Freight Bankruptcy, the Freight
Trustee assumed all authority to manage TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Additionally, TLSS-FC and Freight Connections no longer conduct
any business and are not permitted by the Freight Trustee to conduct any business. For these reasons, effective December 1, 2023, the
Company relinquished control of TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Therefore, the Company deconsolidated TLSS-FC and Freight Connections
effective with the Freight Bankruptcy on December 1, 2023. In connection with this deconsolidation, the Company recognized a loss on
deconsolidation of , which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Effective
February 3, 2023, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-STI, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of each of
Severance Trucking, Severance Warehouse and McGrath, which together, offered less-than-truckload (LTL) trucking services throughout New
England, with an effective date as of the close of business on January 31, 2023. The sellers of the stock of each entity were Kathryn
Boyd, Clyde Severance, and Robert Severance, all individuals (the Severance Sellers ). None of the Severance Sellers were
affiliated with the Company or its affiliates (See Note 3). In February 2024, due to lack of working capital to conduct its business,
Severance ceased its operations and no longer conducts any business and all fixed assets of the Company were voluntarily surrendered
to the Severance Sellers. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, all activities and balances of Severance are included as part
of discontinued operations on the consolidated financial statements. As of the date of the issuance of these financial statements the
Severance entities have not filed bankruptcy. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company formed TLSS Ops and TLSS-CE, companies organized under the laws of Delaware. Simultaneous with the formation
of these entities, Cougar Express became a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-CE; Severance Warehousing and McGrath became wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Severance Trucking; Severance Trucking became a wholly-owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI; and each of TLSS-CE, TLSS-STI and
TLSS-FC became wholly-owned subsidiaries of TLSS Ops. Other than the TLSS parent company, all entities are included as part of discontinued
operations on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Subsequent
to the cessation of all of the Company s revenue generating operations and through the date of the issuance of these financial
statements, the Company continues to remain insolvent and as a result, has been unable to meet its annual and quarterly periodic reporting
obligations under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 34 Act ). The Company has obtained financing to enable us
to complete the audit of these financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and to commence the reviews for the subsequent
2024 quarters to enable the Company to prepare and file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023
Annual Report ), and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (the 2024 Quarterly Reports ). Following the filing
of the 2023 Annual Report of which these financial statements form a part, we intend to continue working to complete the necessary financial
statements and file the 2024 Quarterly Reports as soon as possible hereafter; however, the Company will require additional financing
to fund the necessary costs related to the preparation and filing of the 2024 Quarterly Reports. In addition, we are also evaluating
a possible restructuring of our remaining existing debts and obligations, as well as assessing the possibility of replacing our discontinued
businesses and/or entering into new line(s) of business, whether by acquisition or otherwise. However, there can be no assurance that
we will, in fact, be able to replace our former business and/or enter into new line(s) of business, or to do so profitably. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The net cash used
in operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Additionally, the Company had
an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of and , respectively, on December 31, 2023. Furthermore, as
of February 2024, the Company has ceased operation of all its logistics and transportation services business and currently has no operating
business. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve
months from the issuance date of this report. While the Company is working towards getting current in its requisite past due SEC filings,
it is also evaluating a possible restructuring of its existing debts and obligations, as well as assessing the possibility of replacing
its discontinued businesses and/or enter into new line(s) of business, whether by acquisition or otherwise. However, there can be no
assurance that it will, in fact, be able to replace its former business and/or enter into new line(s) of business, or to do so profitably.
Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise
additional debt and/or equity capital. The Company is seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund
its operations in the future. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of preferred shares, from the issuance
of promissory notes and convertible promissory notes, and from the exercise of warrants, there is no assurance that it will be able to
continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects
that the Company will need to further curtail its operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or lease term including scheduled renewal terms. Revenue
equipment acquired through acquisitions is generally revalued to current market values as of the acquisition date. Assets obtained more
than a year prior to the acquisition by the acquired company are depreciated on a straight-line basis aligned with the remaining period
of expected use, whereas those obtained less than a year prior are depreciated consistent with newly purchased assets. In addition to
purchasing new revenue equipment, the Company may rebuild the engines of its tractors. Because rebuilding an engine increases its useful
life, the Company capitalizes these costs and depreciates the cost over the remaining useful life of the unit. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition. The Company examines the possibility of
decreases in the value of these assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be
recoverable. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

, which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

See
Note 10 for additional information regarding intangible assets and goodwill. 

operating
segment related to its full suite of logistics and transportation services. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Stock options 

Series E convertible preferred stock 

Series G convertible preferred stock 

Series H convertible preferred stock 

Antidilutive securities
 excluded from computation of earnings per share 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

plus closing
expenses of , as adjusted. In exchange for the outstanding stock of the Severance entities, TLSS-STI (i) paid in cash,
and (ii) issued a secured promissory note, with interest accruing at the rate of per annum (See Note 10). The entire unpaid
principal under the note, was due and payable in three equal payments on August 1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and , respectively,
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder, unless paid sooner. On November 8, 2023, the Company and the sellers agreed
to, among other things, (a) reduce the principal amount of the secured promissory note by , (b) extend the maturity date of the
secured promissory note from to , and (c) adjustment the payment schedule of the secured promissory note.
The promissory note was secured solely by the assets of the Severance entities and a corporate guaranty from TLSS. 

In
February 2024, due to the lack of working capital to conduct its business, the Severance entities ceased operations and no longer conducts
any business and all fixed assets of the Severance entities were voluntarily surrendered to the prior owners. For the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, all activities and balances of the Severance entities are included as part of discontinued operations on the consolidated
financial statements (See Note 10). As of the date of this filing, neither Severance Trucking, Severance Warehouse nor McGrath have filed
bankruptcy. 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, and were subject to adjustment
during the measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates were inherently uncertain and were
subject to refinement. Management developed estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period,
which may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on completion of valuations, with the corresponding offset to intangible assets. Based upon the preliminary purchase price
allocation, the following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the
acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets 

Financing lease right of use assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired at fair value 

Liabilities assumed: 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Purchase consideration paid: 

Cash paid 

Promissory note 

Notes payable 

Common stock and Series H preferred stock issued 

Total purchase consideration paid 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

2022 

On
August 4, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cougar Express, closed on its acquisition of all outstanding stock of JFK
Cartage, a New York-based full-service logistics provider specializing in pickup, warehousing and delivery services in the tri-state
area. Joan Ton, the sole shareholder of JFK Cartage, from whom the shares were acquired, was an unrelated party (the JFK Cartage
Seller ). The effective date of the acquisition was July 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement with Cougar
Express and JFK Cartage dated May 24, 2022, the purchase price was ,
subject to certain adjustments. The Company paid 
 in cash at closing and JFK Cartage entered into
a 
 promissory note with the JFK Cartage Seller (See
Note 7), 
 of which is payable weekly in the amount of 
of accounts receivable collected, but in any event, was due no later than October 4, 2022, with the remaining balance of ,
payable in three annual installments of ,
 with interest at 
percent per annum on July 31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively. On August 28, 2023 and effective on July 31, 2023,
the Company and the JFK Cartage Seller entered into a First Amendment to Secured Promissory Note (the Amended Note to
extend the first annual installment due on July 31, 2023 which was treated as a note modification (see Note 7). Additionally, Cougar
Express agreed to pay the 
 Small Business Administration SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage, which was paid in August 2022; and (iv) agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and
other notes payable that exists on the books of JFK Cartage. For accounting purposes, the total purchase consideration paid, after closing
adjustments, was deemed to be ,
which included cash of 
 plus the 
 promissory note that is in the name of JFK Cartage.
The purchase consideration amount did not include the SBA loan of ,
and accrued liabilities and other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. In February
2024, due to lack of working capital to conduct its business, JFK Cartage ceased its operations and no longer conducts any business and
all of its assets of the Company were voluntarily conveyed to the Cougar Trustee. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, all
activities and balances of JFK Cartage are included as part of discontinued operations on the consolidated financial statements (See
Note 10). As stated above, neither TLSS-CE, which owns 100 of the stock of Cougar Express, nor JFK Cartage, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Cougar Express, have filed bankruptcy. 

Effective
September 16, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, TLSS-FC, closed on an acquisition of all outstanding stock of Freight
Connections, a company offering an array of transportation, warehousing, consolidating, distribution, and local cartage services throughout
the New York tri-state area. Joseph Corbisiero, the sole shareholder of Freight Connections, from whom the shares were acquired (the
 Freight Connections Seller ). Freight Connections was founded in 2016 and is a transportation and logistics carrier headquartered
in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey. Prior to the closing, the Company, TLSSA and Freight Connections Seller entered into an amendment to
their Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022 (the Amended SPA ), and TLSSA assigned its interest in
the Amended SPA to TLSS-FC. Pursuant to the Amended SPA, the total purchase price was , subject to certain adjustment. TLSS-FC:
(i) paid in cash at closing, (ii) Freight Connections entered into a secured promissory note with the Freight Connections
Seller, with interest accruing at the rate of per annum and then per annum as of March 1, 2023 (The entire unpaid principal under
the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in
one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner (see Notes 9 and 10). The promissory note was secured solely by the assets
of Freight Connections), and (iii) assumed certain debt. The Company issued to the Freight Connections Seller shares of the
Company s common stock and shares of the Company s Series H Preferred which is convertible into an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s common stock based on a conversion of shares of common stock for each share of Series H Preferred
outstanding. The common stock and the as if converted number of Series H Preferred were valued at per share based on the quoted
closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, for an aggregate fair value of . The number of shares
was calculated as follows: (a) shares of common stock of the Company equal to no more than of the number of shares of common stock
outstanding immediately after such issuance, and (b) the balance of the shares in Series H Preferred, a new series of non-voting, convertible
preferred stock issuable to sellers in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the directors
of the Company. TLSS-FC agreed to pay certain accrued liabilities and other notes payable that existed on the books of Freight Connections
and agreed to pay the secured promissory note which was assumed by Freight Connections. For accounting purposes, the total
purchase consideration paid, after closing adjustments, was deemed to be which includes (i) cash paid of , (ii)
the aggregate fair value of shares of common stock and Series H Preferred issued to Freight Connections Seller of , and (iii)
the secured promissory note in the name of Freight Connections. The purchase consideration amount did not include accrued
liabilities and other notes payable which were treated as assumed liabilities in the purchase price allocation. 

On
December 1, 2023, the Freight Bankruptcy occurred and all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets were assigned to the Freight
Trustee for the liquidation and unwinding of the business. The Freight Trustee has been charged with liquidating the assets for the benefit
of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connection s creditors pursuant to the relevant provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code. As
a result of the Freight Bankruptcy, the Freight Trustee assumed all authority to manage TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Additionally,
TLSS-FC and Freight Connections no longer conduct any business and are not permitted by the Freight Trustee to conduct any business.
For these reasons, effective December 1, 2023, the Company relinquished control of TLSS-FC and Freight Connections. Therefore, the Company
deconsolidated TLSS-FC and Freight Connections effective with the Freight Bankruptcy on December 3, 2023 and the Company recognized a
loss on deconsolidation of . All activity and balances prior to the deconsolidation of TLSS-FC and Freight Connections are included
as part of discontinued operations (See Note 10). 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

The
assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values on the respective acquisition date, subject to adjustment
during the measurement period with subsequent changes recognized in earnings or loss. These estimates are inherently uncertain and are
subject to refinement. Management develops estimates based on assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to value
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the business acquisition date. As a result, during the purchase price measurement period,
which may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on completion of valuations, with the corresponding offset to intangible assets. After the purchase price measurement period,
the Company may record any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed in operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments
may have been determined. Based upon the adjusted purchase price allocations, the following table summarizes the estimated fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the respective 2022 acquisition: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other assets 

Property and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Other intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired at fair value 

Liabilities assumed: 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net asset acquired 

Purchase consideration paid: 

Cash paid 

Notes payable 

Common stock and Series H preferred stock issued 
 - 

Total purchase consideration paid 

Disposition 

Sale
of Shyp FX assets 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of Shyp FX in an all-cash transaction. The purchaser was Farhoud Logistics
Inc., a New Jersey corporation, an unrelated party. Under the terms of the sale, The Company sold the assets of Shyp FX consisting of
transportation equipment and other equipment and the business of Shyp FX for . The Company received net proceeds of 
which is net of a broker commission of and other expenses of . was being held in escrow, pending bulk sale tax
clearance from the State of New Jersey and to cover the estimated cost of a vehicle repair. The Company received the escrowed funds during
the fourth quarter of 2022. In connection with the sale of these assets, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a
gain on the sale of . A gain on the sale of was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023. For the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, gain on sales of subsidiary consisted of the following: 

Less: 

Commissions and other fees paid 
 - 

Write-off of unamortized intangible assets 
 - 

Net book value of property and equipment sold 
 - 

Post-closing adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Cost of sale of assets 

Gain on sale of subsidiary 

. In connection with the note receivable, the Company disbursed to Recommerce, which is net
of an original issue discount of . The promissory note bears interest at the rate of per annum and matured on (the Maturity Date ). On December 31, 2022, the note receivable amounted to and accrued interest receivable
amounted to , which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with this note receivable, the Company recorded interest income of . In January
2023, Recommerce repaid this note receivable plus all interest due. 

. The terms of the Credit Facility provided for
interest at per annum. However, upon default, the interest rate shall be per annum. The maturity date of the financing was , provided, however, the Company may prepay a loan at any time without premium or penalty. Each loan under the Credit Facility
was made on promissory notes. During April 2023, the Company received initial loans under the Credit Facility, in the following amounts:
(a) from John Mercadante on April 17, 2023; Mr. Mercadante is the Company s Secretary and a Director of the Company; and
(b) from Sebastian Giordano on April 21, 2023; Mr. Giordano is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Chairman of the Board (see Note 12 for subsequent defaults). 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
November 1, 2023, the Board approved and received an additional loan under the Credit Facility in the amount of from Mr. Mercadante
which was due on , and on November 28, 2023, the Company approved and received an additional loan under the Credit Facility
in the amount of from an individual, who is affiliated to Mr. Mercadante, which was due on (see Note 12 for
subsequent defaults). 

On
December 31, 2023, the aggregate principal amount related to these four (4) notes to three (3) related parties referenced above was 
and the aggregate accrued interest payable amounted was , which has been included in accrued expenses related parties
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company s Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation explicitly authorize the Board to issue any or all of such shares of preferred stock in one (1) or more classes or series
and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights, the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend
rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number
of shares constituting any class or series, without further vote or action by the stockholders. 

Series
B preferred stock 

On
August 16, 2019, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Shares with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (the Series B Preferred COD designating shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock with a par value of and a stated value of (the Series B Preferred ). The Series B Preferred
have no voting rights and are not redeemable. . 

In
April 2022, the Company and Bellridge Capital, L.P. entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which all shares of Series
B Preferred shares were cancelled and the Company recorded settlement income of . As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 
Series B preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Series
D preferred stock 

On
July 20, 2020, the Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences COD ), Rights and Limitations of Series D
Preferred Stock (the Series D COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred
stock as Series D. The Series D preferred stock Series D Preferred does not have the right to vote. The Series D Preferred
has a stated value of per share (the Series D Stated Value ). Subject only to the liquidation rights of the holders
of Series B Preferred that is currently issued and outstanding, upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the
Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series D Preferred holders are entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the Series
D Stated Value and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of common stock
on an as-converted to common stock basis. 

shares of common stock. A holder of Series D Preferred may not convert any shares of Series D Preferred into
common stock if the holder (together with the holder s affiliates and any persons acting as a group together with the holder or
any of the holder s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the conversion, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Series D COD. However,
upon notice from the holder to the Company, the holder may decrease or increase the beneficial ownership limitation, which may not exceed
9.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership
is determined in accordance with the terms of the Series D COD, provided that any such increase or decrease in the beneficial ownership
limitation will not take effect until 61 days following notice to the Company. 

Approval
of at least a majority of the outstanding Series D Preferred is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, the Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named)
or articles of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any
respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series D Preferred, regardless
of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise
or filing any Certificate of Designation, it being understood that the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges
senior to or on parity with the Series D Preferred in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing,
waiver or repeal for these purposes; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series D Preferred;
(c) issue any Series D Preferred, other than to the Investors; or (d) without limiting any provision hereunder, whether or not prohibited
by the terms of the Series D Preferred, circumvent a right of the Series D Preferred. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series D Preferred were outstanding. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Series
E preferred stock 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors to sell (i) shares of a newly
created series of preferred stock called the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred ), and (ii) warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Series E Offering ). In connection with the Series
E Offering, on October 6, 2020, the Board filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series E COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred
stock as Series E Preferred. 

In
connection with the Series E Offering, the Company entered into Registration Rights Agreements (the Series E Registration Rights
Agreements pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of common
stock issuable to the holders of the Series E Preferred upon conversion of the Series E Preferred and exercise of the warrants offering
in the Series E Offering. The Company failed to file its initial registration statement and have the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC declared such registration statement effective within the time limits outlined in the Series E Registration Rights
Agreements. The Company filed a registration statement for the resale of the shares underlying the Series E Preferred and warrants issued
in the Series E Offering on April 22, 2021, and such registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5, 2021. 

On
December 28, 2020, the Board filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Amended Series E COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. The Series
E Preferred has a stated value of per share (the Series E Stated Value ). Pursuant with the Amended Series E COD: 

Each
 holder of Series E Preferred has the right to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which
 the shares of Series E Preferred held by such holder are convertible as of the applicable record date. 

Unless
 prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, for a period of one-year beginning with the Original Issuance Date,
 as defined, the Corporation shall have the right but not the obligation to redeem all outstanding Series E Preferred (and not any
 part of the Series E Preferred) at a price equal to of (i) the Series E Stated Value per share plus (ii) all unpaid dividends
 thereon. If the Company fails to redeem all outstanding Series E on the redemption date, it shall be deemed to have waived its redemption
 right. 

Subject
to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99 or 9.99 , at any time during the period commencing on the date of the occurrence of a Triggering
Event and ending on the date of the cure of such Triggering Event (the Triggering Event Period ), a holder may, at such
holder s option, by delivery of a conversion notice to the Company to convert all, or any number of Series E Preferred (such conversion
amount of the Series E Preferred to be converted pursuant to this Section 6(b) (the Triggering Event Conversion Amount ),
into shares of common stock at the Triggering Event Conversion Price. The Triggering Event Conversion Amount means 
of the Series E Stated Value and the Triggering Event Conversion Price means . 

If
and whenever on or after the initial issuance date but not after two years from the original issuance date, the Company issues or sells,
or is deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments, other than an exempt
issuance, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal to the conversion price in effect
immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such conversion price then in effect is reflected to herein as
the Applicable Price (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance,
the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the base share price. 

From
and after the Original Issuance Date, cumulative dividends on each share of Series E Preferred shall accrue, whether or not declared
by the Board and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of dividends, on a daily basis in arrears at the rate
of per annum based on a 360-day year on the Series E Stated Value plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereon. As of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accrued dividends of and , respectively, which has been included in accrued
expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
a pari passu basis with the holders of Series D Preferred that was issued and outstanding, upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series E Preferred is entitled to receive an amount per share
equal to the Series E Stated Value and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution to the holders
of common stock on an as-converted to common stock basis. Until the date that such Series E Preferred holder no longer owns at least
50 of the Series E Preferred, the holders of Series E Preferred have the right to participate, pro rata, in each subsequent financing
in an amount up to 25 of the total proceeds of such financing on the same terms, conditions and price otherwise available in such subsequent
financing. 

Approval
of at least a majority of the outstanding Series E Preferred is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, the Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named)
or articles of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any
respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series E Preferred, regardless
of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise
or filing any Certificate of Designation, but the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on
parity with the Series E Preferred in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing, waiver or repeal
for these purposes; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series E Preferred; (c) issue any Series
D Preferred, (d) issue any Series E Preferred in excess of or (e) without limiting any provision under the Series E COD, whether
or not prohibited by the terms of the Series E Preferred, circumvent a right of the Series E Preferred. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

These
Series E Preferred issuances with redemption provisions that permit the issuer to settle in either cash or common stock, at the option
of the issuer, were evaluated to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the consolidated balance sheet was
appropriate. As per the terms of the Amended Series E COD, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation to redeem all outstanding
Series E Preferred (and not any part of the Series E Preferred) at a price equal to of (i) the Series E Stated Value per share plus
(ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. As such, since the Series E is redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is within the Company s
control, the Series E Preferred is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Company concluded that the Series E Preferred represented an equity host and, therefore, the redemption feature of the Series E Preferred
was considered to be clearly and closely related to the associated equity host instrument. The redemption features did not meet the net
settlement criteria of a derivative and, therefore, were not considered embedded derivatives that required bifurcation. The Company also
concluded that the conversion rights under the Series E Preferred were clearly and closely related to the equity host instrument. Accordingly,
the conversion rights feature on the Series E Preferred were not considered an embedded derivative that required bifurcation. 

On
June 22, 2023, the Company offered holders of warrants issued in the Series E Offering and warrants issued in the Series G Offering (as
described below) to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at per share (the Eligible
Warrants the opportunity to exercise the Eligible Warrants at per share (the Offer ). The Offer was contingent
upon enough Eligible Warrants being exercised so that the Company received aggregate minimum proceeds of . The Company received
gross proceeds of from the exercise of the Eligible Warrants. 

The
Company agreed with the holders of outstanding Series E Preferred that did not participate in the Offer that, contingent on the Offer
being exercised with regard to Eligible Warrants aggregating the minimum proceeds, the Company would reduce the conversion price of the
Series E Preferred and warrants issued in the Series E Offering to per share. (See Warrants discussion below) 

During
2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of shares of Series E Preferred
and paid liquidating damages of . The conversion ratio was based on the Amended Series E COD. 

During
2023, there were conversions of shares of Series E Preferred. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series E Preferred were outstanding. 

Series
G preferred stock 

On
December 31, 2021, we entered into securities purchase agreements with investors pursuant to which the Company issued an aggregate of
(i) shares of a newly created series of preferred stock called the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series G
Preferred and (ii) common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock with
an exercise price of (the Series G Offering ). In connection with the Series G Offering, on December 28, 2021, the
Company filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series
G COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock as Series G Preferred.
The Series G Preferred has a stated value of per share (the Series G Stated Value ). The gross proceeds to the Company
from the Series G Offering were . 

The
Company failed to file its initial registration statement and have the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC declared
such registration statement effective within the time limits outlined in the Registration Rights Agreements. The Company filed a registration
statement for the resale of the shares underlying the Series E Preferred and warrants issued in the Series E Offering on April 22, 2021,
and such registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on May 5, 2021. 

In
connection with the Series G Offerings, the Company entered into Registration Rights Agreements (the Series G Registration Rights
Agreements pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the resale of the shares of common
stock issuable to the holders of the Series G Preferred upon conversion of the Series G Preferred and exercise of the warrants offering
in the Series G Offering. The Company failed to file its initial registration statement and have the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC declared such registration statement effective within the time limits outlined in the Series G Registration Rights
Agreements. The Company filed a registration statement for the resale of the shares underlying the Series G Preferred and warrants issued
in the Series G Offering on January 28, 2022, and such registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on May 13, 2022. 

Pursuant
to the Series G COD, 

Each
 holder of Series G Preferred has the right to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which
 the shares of Series G Preferred held by such holder are convertible as of the applicable record date. 

Unless
 prohibited by Nevada law governing distributions to stockholders, for a period of one-year beginning with the original issuance date,
 as defined, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation to redeem all outstanding Series G Preferred (and not any part
 of the Series G Preferred) at a price equal to of (i) the Series G Stated Value per share plus (ii) all unpaid dividends thereon.
 If the Company fails to redeem all outstanding Series G Preferred on the redemption date, it shall be deemed to have waived its redemption
 right. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

If
and whenever on or after the initial issuance date but not after two years from the original issuance date, the Company issues or sells,
or is deemed to have issued or sold, additional shares of common stock, options, warrants of convertible instruments, subject to certain
exceptions, for a consideration per share (the Base Share Price less than a price equal to the applicable conversion price
in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale (such conversion price then in effect is reflected to
herein as the Applicable Price (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then immediately after such Dilutive
Issuance, the conversion price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the Base Share Price. 

From
and after the original issuance date, cumulative dividends on each share of Series G Preferred shall accrue, whether or not declared
by the Board and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of dividends, on a daily basis in arrears at the rate
of per annum based on a 360-day year on the Series G Stated Value plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereon. As of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accrued dividends of and , respectively, which has been included in accrued
expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
a pari passu basis with the holders of Series E Preferred, upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary, the Series G Preferred is entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the Series G Stated Value
and then receive a pro-rata portion of the remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of common stock on an as-converted
to common stock basis. The holders of Series G Preferred have the right to participate, pro rata, in each subsequent financing in an
amount up to of the total proceeds of such financing on the same terms, conditions and price otherwise available in such subsequent
financing. 

Approval
of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series G Preferred is required to: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, the Company s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designation (however such document is named)
or articles of amendment to create any class or any series of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any
respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit, of the Series G Preferred, regardless
of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or bylaws or by merger, consolidation or otherwise
or filing any Certificate of Designation, but the creation of a new security having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on
parity with the Series G Preferred in a future financing will not constitute an amendment, addition, alteration, filing, waiver or repeal
for these purposes; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series G Preferred; (c) issue any Series
E Preferred or Series D Preferred, (d) issue any Series G Preferred in excess of or (e) without limiting any provision under
the Series G COD, whether or not prohibited by the terms of the Series G Preferred, circumvent a right of the Series G Preferred. 

Under
the terms of the Series G Preferred, if the Company issues or sells (or is deemed to have issued or sold) additional shares of common
stock for a price-per-share that is less than the price equal to the conversion price of the Series G Preferred held by the holders of
the Series G Preferred immediately prior to such issuance, then the conversion price of the Series G Preferred will be reduced to the
price per share of such dilutive issuance. As a result of the issuance of common stock on the exercise of certain Eligible Warrants at
an exercise price of per share, the conversion price for all remaining outstanding Series G Preferred shall henceforth
be per share. 

The
Series G Preferred share issuances with redemption provisions that permit the issuer to settle in either cash or common stock, at the
option of the issuer, were evaluated to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the consolidated balance sheet
was appropriate. As per the terms of the Series G preferred stock agreements, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation
to redeem all outstanding Series G Preferred (and not any part of the Series E Preferred) at a price equal to of (i) the Series
G Stated Value per share plus (ii) all unpaid dividends thereon. As such, since Series G Preferred is redeemable upon the occurrence
of an event that is within the Company s control, the Series G Preferred is classified as permanent equity. 

The
Company concluded that the Series G Preferred represented an equity host and, therefore, the redemption feature of the Series G Preferred
was considered to be clearly and closely related to the associated equity host instrument. The redemption features did not meet the net
settlement criteria of a derivative and, therefore, were not considered embedded derivatives that required bifurcation. The Company also
concluded that the conversion rights under the Series G Preferred were clearly and closely related to the equity host instrument. Accordingly,
the conversion rights feature on the Series G Preferred were not considered an embedded derivative that required bifurcation. 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with investors pursuant to which the Company, on January 25,
2022, issued to the investors units which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series G Preferred and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (the January 2022 Series G
Offering ). The gross proceeds to the Company were . The Company paid placement agent fees of and received net
proceeds of . 

On
March 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an investor pursuant to which the Company, on March 4, 2022,
issued to the investors units which consisted of an aggregate of (i) shares of Series G Preferred and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share (the March 2022 Series G Offering ).
The gross proceeds to the Company were . The Company paid placement agent fees of and received net proceeds of .
Additionally, in connection with both the January 2022 Series G Offering and the March 2022 Series G Offering, the Company issued warrants
to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to the placement agent at an exercise price of 
per share. The aggregate placement agent cash fees of was charged against the proceeds of the offering in additional paid-in
capital and there is no effect on equity for the placement agent warrants. 

On
June 22, 2023, the Company offered holders of warrants issued in the Series E Offering and warrants issued in the Series G Offering to
purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at per share (the Eligible Warrants the opportunity to exercise the Eligible Warrants at per share (the Offer ). The Offer was contingent upon enough
Eligible Warrants being exercised so that the Company received aggregate minimum proceeds of . The Company received gross proceeds
of from the exercise of the Eligible Warrants. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received proceeds of and issued shares of common stock to holders
of Eligible Warrants upon the exercise of Eligible Warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The proceeds were used by
the Company to meet general capital requirements. (See Warrants discussion below). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series G Preferred and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G Preferred COD. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series G Preferred and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G COD. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and shares of Series G Preferred were outstanding, respectively. 

Series
H preferred stock 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series H Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series H COD with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada designating shares of preferred stock
as Series H Series H Preferred ). The Series H Preferred has no stated value and pursuant to the Series H COD: 

Each
 share of Series H Preferred shall have no voting rights. 

Each
 share of Series H Preferred shall be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, subject to the beneficial
 ownership limitations. 

Upon
 the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each holder of Series
 H Preferred stock shall be entitled to receive out of assets of the Company legally available therefor the same amount that a holder
 of the Company s common stock would receive on an as-converted basis (without regard to the beneficial ownership limitation
 or any other conversion limitations hereunder). The right of a Series H Holder to receive such payment shall be preferential to the
 right of holders of common stock but shall be subordinate to the rights of the holder of any other series of preferred stock of the
 Company. 

In
connection with the acquisitions of Freight Connections, on September 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series H Preferred.
These shares were valued in the amount of based on the as if converted fair value of the underlying common stock, or 
per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

As
of both December 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series H Preferred were outstanding. 

Series
I Preferred Stock 

On
July 14, 2023, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation, Rights and Limitations of Series I Preferred Shares with the Secretary
of State of the State of Nevada (the Series B Preferred COD designating share of Series I Preferred Stock with a par
value of (the Series I Preferred ). 

Since
a substantial portion of the unissued shares of Common Stock are held in reserve in connection with rights of conversion of convertible
preferred stock and/or debt and/or exercise of warrants and/or options, the Company will not be able to issue shares in connection with
additional equity investments (including any requirements by investors to place shares of Common Stock in reserve for conversion of convertible
preferred stock and/or debt and/or exercise of warrants and/or options), unless the Company amends its Articles of Incorporation to authorize
the issuance of additional Common Stock. Senior management believed it was in the interest of the Company that the Articles of Incorporation
of the Company be amended to authorize the issuance of shares of Common Stock (the Authorized Share Increase Proposal ). 

In
connection with obtaining expeditious stockholder approval of the amendment to its Articles of Incorporation for the Authorized Share
Increase Proposal, the Company issued a new series of Series I Preferred having the right to vote and/or consent solely on the Authorized
Share Increase Proposal. The Series I Preferred Stock had no right to vote and/or consent on
any matter other than an Authorized Share Increase Proposal. The Series I Preferred was not entitled to participate in any distribution
of assets or rights upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, was not convertible into Common Stock or any other
security of the Company, and was not be entitled to any dividends or distributions. 

In
July 2023, John Mercadante, a member of the Board, was issued one share of Series I Preferred, which was determined to have no value. 

Upon
approval of the Authorized Share Increase Proposal on July 27, 2023, the Series I Preferred issued and outstanding was automatically
surrendered to the Company and cancelled for no consideration upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the Company s Articles
of Incorporation that was authorized by stockholder approval of such Authorized Share Increase Proposal. Upon such surrender and cancellation,
all rights of the Series I Preferred Stock ceased and terminated, and the Series I Preferred Stock was retired and returned to the status
of authorized and unissued preferred stock. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Common
stock 

On
July 27, 2023, and Restated Articles of Incorporation, by adoption of
the Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company 2023 Amendment ). This
consent was sufficient to approve the 2023 Amendment under Nevada law, which authorized an increase of the number of shares of common
stock that the Company may issue to shares, par value . 

Shares
issued in connection with conversion of Series E preferred shares 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series E Preferred and paid liquidating damages of . The conversion ratio was based on the Amended Series E COD. 

Shares
issued in connection with conversion of Series G preferred shares 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series G Preferred and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G COD, as amended. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion of 
shares of Series G Preferred and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G COD, as amended. 

Shares
issued upon exercise of warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock attributed to: (i) shares in connection
with the receipt of proceeds of from the exercise of warrants at per share and (ii) shares in connection
with the cashless exercise of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock attributed to: (i) shares of
its common stock in connection with the receipt of proceeds of from the exercise of warrants at per share
and (ii) shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from the exercise of warrants at 
per share. 

Shares
issued in connection with acquisition 

In
connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections in fiscal 2022, as part of the purchase price consideration, the Company issued
 shares of its common stock. The Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of , or per
common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

Shares
issued for compensation 

On
March 11, 2022, pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company s chief executive officer dated January 4, 2022 (the CEO
Employment Agreement ), the Board granted the chief executive officer shares of its common stock which were valued
at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
These shares vest in equal annual installments with the first installment of shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 
shares of common stock shares vesting each year through January 3, 2025. In connection with these shares, the Company valued these shares
of common stock at a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period which is included
in the aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation reflected below. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the remaining of unvested
Restricted Stock Units RSUs of the shares originally granted to Mr. Giordano in March 2022 have been deemed
fully vested as of the Termination Date (See Note 12). 

On
March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to three independent members of the
Board for an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based
on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments
with the first installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and shares vesting each quarter through December
31, 2022. The Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of and recorded stock-based compensation expense over
the vesting period which is included in the aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation reflected below. 

On
March 11, 2022 and effective January 4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to the Company s former chief
financial officer for shares of common stock of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based
on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments
with the first installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and shares of common stock vesting each quarter through
December 31, 2022. The Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of and recorded stock-based compensation
expense over the vesting period which is included in the aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation reflected below. 

On
January 3, 2023, the Board granted the chief operating officer shares of its common stock which were valued at , or
 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares
will vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of shares vesting on March 31, 2023, and shares
vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. The Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of and will record
stock-based compensation expense over the one-year vesting period. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
January 23, 2023, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to three independent members of the Board for an aggregate of 
shares of common stock of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of
the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vest in equal quarterly installments with the first installment
of shares vesting on March 31, 2023, and shares vesting each quarter through December 31, 2023. The Company valued
these shares of common stock at a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period which
is included in the aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation reflected below. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Board granted certain employees an aggregate of shares of its common stock which were
valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments from the gate of grant. The Company valued these shares of common stock at
a fair value of and will record stock-based compensation expense over the one-year vesting period. On July 31, 2023, 
non-vested shares were cancelled due to the departure of an employee. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, aggregate accretion of stock-based compensation expense on the above granted shares, which
is net of the reversal of previously recognized stock-based expense due to forfeiture, amounted to and , respectively.
Total unrecognized compensation expense related to these vested and unvested shares of common stock on December 31, 2023 amounted to
 , which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of approximately . 

On
March 11, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to the Company s former chief executive officer and current
member of the Board for shares of common stock of the Company which were valued at , or per common share, based
on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested immediately. In connection
with these shares, the Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of and recorded stock-based compensation
expense of . 

Shares vested 

Non-vested, December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Shares vested 

Non-vested, December 31, 2023 (1) 

(1) unvested shares vested and on August 15, 2024, the remaining
 vested. 

Shares
issued for professional fees 

On
May 1, 2022, pursuant to a three-month consulting agreement executed on February 1, 2022, which was extended for additional three-months
on April 14, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock. These shares were valued at , or a share
price ranging from to , based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement dates.
The Company valued these shares of common stock at a fair value of and the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of
 . 

Warrants 

Warrants
issued and exercised in connection with Series E Offering 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from the
exercise of warrants at per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of
 warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual terms of the related warrant. 

Warrants
issued and exercised in connection with Series G Offering 

In
connection with the sale of Series G Preferred, during the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. Additionally, the Company issued
 warrants to the placement agent at an initial exercise price of per share. 

On
June 22, 2023, the Company offered holders of certain warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at
 per shares issued in connection with the Series G Offering (the Eligible Warrants the opportunity to exercise the
Eligible Warrants at per share (the Offer ). The Offer was contingent upon the Offer being exercised with regard
to Eligible Warrants aggregating minimum proceeds to the Company of prior to July 11, 2023. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Under
the terms of the Eligible Warrants, if, other than upon conversion of existing convertible preferred stock, the Company issues shares
of common stock, or securities exercisable to purchase or convertible into, shares of common stock, for a purchase price that is less
than the exercise price of Eligible Warrants in effect at such time, then the exercise price of all Eligible Warrants will be reduced
to the price per share of such dilutive issuance. As a result of the issuance of common stock on the exercise of certain Eligible Warrants
at an exercise price of per share on June 29, 2023, the exercise price for all remaining Eligible Warrants shall henceforth be
 per share. 

On
June 29, 2023, the Company calculated the fair value of the Eligible Warrants prior to the ratchet provision and the fair value of the
Eligible warrants after the ratchet provision using a Binomial pricing model. Based on this calculation, the incremental value received
by the warrant holders was calculated and amounted to . This incremental value was allocated as follows: was allocated
to additional paid-in capital as offering cost associated with the exercise of warrants, and the Company recorded a deemed dividend of
 related to Eligible Warrants that were not exercised pursuant to the offer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received proceeds of from the
exercise of warrants at per share. The proceeds are being used by the Company to meet general capital requirements. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Balance Outstanding December 31, 2023 

Exercisable, December 31, 2023 

Stock
options 

- 
 
 Granted/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance Outstanding December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Granted/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance Outstanding December 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2023 

- 

to close out the estates of Prime EFS and Shypdirect. Accordingly, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
a contingency loss of as of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued the potential settlement amount of which was included
in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. On October 3, 2023, the Assignee filed with the Court a Notice of
Motion for Entry of an Order Approving Stipulation of Settlement Resolving Potential Avoidance Claims Against the Company, Prime EFS
and Shypdirect, whereby the Company shall make a payment to the Assignee in the amount of on or before December 31, 2023 in full
settlement of all claims. On October 3, 2023, the Assignee filed with the Court a Notice of Motion for Entry of an Order Approving Stipulation
of Settlement Resolving Potential Avoidance Claims Against the Company, Prime EFS and Shypdirect, whereby the Company shall make a payment
to the Assignee in the amount of on or before December 31, 2023 in full settlement of all claims. On October 27, 2023, the Court
approved this settlement. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has not paid the and as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
has included the and in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

SCS,
LLC v. TLSS 

On
November 17, 2020, a former financial consultant to the Company, SCS, LLC, filed an action against the Company in the Circuit Court of
the 15 th Judicial Circuit, Palm Beach County, Florida, captioned SCS, LLC v. Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. The
case was assigned Case No. 50-2020-CA-012684. 

In
this action, SCS alleges that it entered into a renewable six-month consulting agreement with the Company dated September 5, 2019 and
that the Company failed to make certain monthly payments due thereunder for the months of October 2019 through March 2020, summing to
 . The complaint alleges claims for breach of contract, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment and account stated. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company filed its answer, defenses and counterclaims in this action. Among other things, the Company avers that
SCS s claims are barred by its unclean hands and other inequitable conduct, including breach of its duties (i) to maintain the
confidentiality of information provided to SCS and (ii) to work only in furtherance of the Company s interests, not in furtherance
of SCS s own, and conflicting, interests. The Company also avers, in its counterclaims, that SLS owes the Company damages in excess
of the sought in the main action because SLS was at least grossly negligent in any due diligence it undertook before recommending
that the Company acquire Prime EFS LLC in June 2018. SCS filed a motion to strike TLSS s defenses and counterclaims, and TLSS opposed
that application. Those motions remain sub judice. 

A
two-day non-jury trial was held in this action in Palm Beach County, Florida, on April 20-21, 2022. However, at the end of the second
day a mistrial was declared because SCS had not withdrawn its motion to strike and answered the counterclaims. 

On
July 20, 2023, SCS moved for summary judgment in this action. On July 27, 2023, the Company filed papers opposing the motion. On August
21, 2023, the court conferenced SCS s motion for summary judgment and SCS s motion to strike counterclaims and dismiss the
counterclaims. The court indicated it would deny the first motion and grant the second motion. On September 5, 2023, the Company filed
Amended Affirmative Defenses and an Amended Counterclaim. On October 2, 2023, SCS filed a motion to Dismiss the Amended Counterclaim
but it did not file a motion to strike the Amended Affirmative Defenses. On October 3, 2023, the Company filed a motion to strike SCS s
Motion to Dismiss the Amended Counterclaim on the grounds that SCS s motion was not filed within ten (10) days as required under
Florida law. On July 19, 2024, the court denied SCS s motion for summary judgment on all claims in its entirety. 

The
Company believes it has substantial defenses to all claims alleged in SCS s complaint, as well as valid affirmative defenses and
counterclaims. The Company therefore intends to defend this case vigorously. 

Because
there have been no further filings or proceedings on this case since July 2024, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable
or unfavorable outcome, nor is it possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. The Company is currently
in settlement discussion with SCS. 

Shareholder
Derivative Action 

On
June 25, 2020, the Company was served with a putative shareholder derivative action filed in the Circuit Court of the 15 th 
Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida (the Court captioned SCS, LLC, derivatively on behalf of Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. v. John Mercadante, Jr., Douglas Cerny, Sebastian Giordano, Ascentaur LLC and Transportation and Logistics
Systems, Inc. The action has been assigned Case No. 2020-CA-006581. 

The
plaintiff in this action, SCS, alleges it is a limited liability company formed by a former chief executive officer and director of the
Company, Lawrence Sands. The complaint alleges that between April 2019 and June 2020, the immediately prior chairman and chief executive
officer of the Company, Mercadante, the former chief development officer of the Company, Cerny, and, since February 2020, the Company s
then restructuring consultant who is now chairman and chief executive officer of the Company, Giordano, breached fiduciary duties owed
to the Company. Prior to becoming CEO, Giordano rendered his services to the Company through the final named defendant in the action,
Ascentaur LLC. 

The
complaint alleges that Mercadante breached duties to the Company by, among other things, requesting, in mid-2019, that certain preferred
equity holders, including SCS, convert their preferred shares into Company common stock in order to facilitate an equity offering by
the Company and then not consummating that offering. The complaint also alleges that Mercadante and Cerny caused the Company to engage
in purportedly wasteful and unnecessary transactions such as taking merchant cash advances (MCA) on disadvantageous terms. The complaint
further alleges that Mercadante and Cerny issued themselves over two million shares of common stock without consideration. 
The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages on behalf of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, negligent breach
of fiduciary duty, constructive fraud, and civil conspiracy and the appointment of a receiver or custodian for the Company. 

Company
management tendered the complaint to the Company s directors and officers liability carrier for defense and indemnity
purposes, which coverage is subject to a self-insured retention. Each of the individual defendants and Ascentaur LLC has advised
that they vigorously deny each and every allegation of wrongdoing alleged in the complaint. Among other things, Mercadante asserts that
he made every effort to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 and early 2020 and could not do so solely because of the Company s
precarious financial condition. Mercadante also asserts that he made clear to SCS and other preferred equity holders, before they converted
their shares into common stock, that there was no guarantee the Company would be able to consummate an equity offering in late 2019 or
early 2020. In addition, Mercadante and Cerny assert that they received equity in the Company on terms that were entirely fair to the
Company and entered into MCA transactions solely because no other financing was available to the Company. 

By
order dated September 15, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this case dismissed the original Complaint in the matter, finding (a) that
SCS had failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. The dismissal
was without prejudice, meaning SCS could attempt to replead its claims. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
October 5, 2022, SCS filed an Amended Complaint in this action. By order dated December 19, 2022, the Circuit Judge assigned to this
case once again dismissed the case, finding (a) that SCS still failed to adequately allege it has standing and (b) that the complaint
still fails to adequately allege a cognizable claim. Once again, however, the dismissal was without prejudice. 

On
January 18, 2023, SCS filed a Second Amended Complaint in this action. All defendants once again moved to dismiss the pleading or in
the alternative for summary judgment on it in their favor. The Court heard argument on that motion on March 9, 2023. On May 15, 2023,
the Court issued a summary order denying the defendants motion to dismiss. On June 1, 2023, all defendants moved for reconsideration
of the May 15 order. On November 28, 2023, the Court denied the motion for reconsideration. 

The
Company believes the action to be frivolous and intend to mount a vigorous defense to this action. On September 15, 2024, the defendants
filed a Motion to Strike Plaintiff s Pleadings and to Preclude Plaintiff from Calling Any Witnesses or Introducing Any Exhibits
at Trial to Plaintiff s failure to (i) comply with the court s Pretrial Order; and (ii) produce discovery. 

Because
no discovery has occurred in the case, it is not possible to evaluate the likelihood of a favorable or unfavorable outcome, nor is it
possible to estimate the amount or range of any potential loss in the matter. In a derivative case, any recovery is to be paid to the
corporation; however, the individual defendants in this case are fully indemnified by the Company unless a final judgment is entered
against them for deliberate or intentional misconduct. 

Jose
R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al. 

On
August 4, 2020, an action was filed against Shypdirect, Prime EFS and others in the Superior Court of New Jersey for Bergen County captioned
 Jose R. Mercedes-Mejia v. Shypdirect LLC, Prime EFS LLC et al . The case was assigned docket number BER-L-004534-20. 

In
this action, the plaintiff seeks reimbursement of his medical expenses and damages for personal injuries following an accident with a
box truck leased by Shypdirect and subleased to Prime EFS and being driven by a Prime EFS employee, in which the plaintiff s ankle
was injured. Plaintiff has thus far transmitted medical bills exceeding . Prime EFS and Shypdirect demanded their vehicle liability
carrier assume the defense of this action. To date, the carrier has not done so, allegedly because, among other reasons, the box truck
was not on the list of insured vehicles at the time of the accident. 

On
November 9, 2020, Prime EFS and Shypdirect filed their answer to the complaint in this action and also filed a third-party action against
the insurance company in an effort to obtain defense and indemnity for this action. 

On
May 21, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect also filed an action in the Supreme Court, State of New York, Suffolk County (the Suffolk
County Action ), seeking defense and indemnity for this claim from the insurance brokerage, TCE/Acrisure LLC, which sold the County
Hall insurance policy to Shypdirect. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a First Amended Complaint to name four (4) additional parties as defendants
 TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. In the claim against TLSS, Plaintiff seeks to pierce the corporate
veil and hold TLSS responsible for the alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect as the supposed alter ego of these subsidiaries.
In the claims against Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc., Plaintiff seeks to hold these entities responsible for the
alleged liabilities of Prime and/or Shypdirect on a successor liability theory. 

On
September 16, 2021, each of these entities filed papers in opposition to this motion. 

On
September 24, 2021, the Court granted Plaintiff s motion for leave to amend the complaint, thus adding TLSS, Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp
FX, Inc. and Cougar Express, Inc. as Defendants. 

On
October 22, 2021, Acrisure stipulated to consolidate the Suffolk County Action into and with the Bergen County action. 

On
November 22, 2021, all Defendants filed their Answer to the First Amended Complaint. On November 3, 2021, Prime EFS and Shypdirect refiled
their Third-Party Complaint against TCI/Acrisure in the Bergen County action. On December 23, 2021, Acrisure filed its Answer to the
Third-Party Complaint, denying its material allegations. 

On
March 2, 2022, Plaintiff sought and was granted leave to file a Second Amended Complaint, bringing claims against Prime and Shypdirect s
vehicle liability carrier, County Hall (for discovery) as well as the producing broker, TCE/Acrisure. Plaintiff also asserted additional
alter ego allegations against TLSS. 

On
February 15, 2023, Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a Third Amended Complaint in this action, seeking to assert claims against
TLSS s former CEO, John Mercadante, also on a pierce the corporate veil theory. On March 9, 2023, TLSS, Prime and
Shypdirect opposed the motion for leave to add Mercadante, arguing that any claim against Mercadante would be both futile and time-barred.
On March 31, 2023, the Court denied Plaintiff s motion to add Mr. Mercadante as a party. 

In
January and February, 2023, numerous depositions were taken in the case, including those of Messrs. Giordano and Mercadante. 

On
September 16, 2024, the court entered an order granting Plaintiff s motion for final judgment by default on liability against Defendants
Shypdirect, Prime EFS, Shyp CX, Shyp FX, and Cougar Express. 

To
date, to the best of the Company s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would permit
the imposition of alter ego liability on TLSS for the subject accident. 

To
date, to the best of the Company s knowledge, information and belief, no discovery has been taken in this action which would permit
the imposition of successor liability on Shyp CX, Inc., Shyp FX, Inc. and/or Cougar Express, Inc. for the subject accident. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Under
a so-called MCS-90 reimbursement endorsement to the County Hall policy, TLSS believes that Prime and Shypdirect may have up to 
in coverage under a 1980 federal law under which County Hall is require[d] to pay damages for certain claims or suits 
that are not covered by the policy. See Endorsement CHI 290 (02/19) to County Hall policy effective May 31, 2019.) 

The
Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this action and to pursue the third-party actions, in the name and right of Prime and
Shypdirect, against both County Hall and TCE/ Acrisure. 

All
discovery in this case, other than discovery pertaining to alter ego liability and successor liability discussed above, was completed
on or before August 31, 2024. 

Currently,
there are pending cross-motions for summary judgment filed by Plaintiff, Defendants/Third-Party Plaintiffs Jose A. Mercedes-Mejia, Prime
EFS, Shypdirect, LLC, and TLSS, and Defendant/Third-Party Defendant County Hall Insurance. The insurance broker, Acrisure, has also filed
a motion on the malpractice claim against it. On November 8, 2024, the court granted Defendant/Third-Party Plaintiff Ryder Truck Rental,
Inc. s motion for summary judgment. At this time, the parties are tentatively scheduled for mediation on December 6, 2024. 

Because
of this complex litigation involving multiple parties and claims, the Company cannot evaluate the likelihood of an adverse outcome or
estimate the Company s liability, if any, in connection with this claim. 

Maria
Lugo v. JFK Cartage 

The
Company s JFK Cartage, Inc. subsidiary is one of three defendants in an action captioned Maria Lugo v. JFK Cartage, Inc. d/b/a
Fifth Dimension Logistix, Joan Ton, individually, and Chris Bartley, individually . The case is pending in Supreme Court, State of
New York, Queens County, Index No. 704862/2022. 

In
this action, which was filed March 4, 2022, a former employee of JFK Cartage alleges that she suffered discrimination and retaliation
in violation of the New York City Human Rights Law and the New York State Human Rights Law. The former employee alleges that on December
28, 2021, she had Covid-19 symptoms, advised the defendants she was feeling ill and went home early to take a home test. She further
alleges that on December 30, 2021, she tested positive for Covid-19 and informed defendants she had to isolate for 10 days. Plaintiff
alleges that she returned to work on January 7, 2022, but that her employment was terminated later that day by defendant Bartley who
 questioned the authenticity of the at-home test, accusing her of fraud. Plaintiff claims her employment was terminated
due to her disability (a Covid-19 infection) and in retaliation for her requesting reasonable accommodation for the illness she suffered. 
She seeks unspecified compensatory damages, including lost pay and benefits, punitive damages and attorneys fees. 

On
December 16, 2022, all defendants filed an answer and affirmative defenses, denying all claims for statutory violations. The conduct
alleged in the complaint occurred prior to the Company s July 31, 2022, acquisition of JFK Cartage, Inc. The Company believes that,
in relation to this action, it has a right to full indemnification from the selling stockholder (including for attorneys fees)
as well as set-off rights against notes payable to the selling stockholder. 

On
September 4, 2024, a Stipulation of Discontinuance was filed which resulted in the dismissal of this case and closure of the entire action. 

Elaine
Pryor v. Rocio Perez, et al . 

The
Company s Freight Connections, Inc. subsidiary FCI (which was deconsolidated from TLSS operations as of December
1, 2023) was one of three named defendants in an action captioned Elaine Pryor v. Rocio Perez, North Trucking Logistics, LLC
and Freight Connections, Inc. in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-5147-18. 

In
this action, which was filed in 2018, Plaintiff alleges that on February 1, 2017, she suffered personal injuries in a collision between
her motor vehicle and a truck operated by a then employee of FCI. Plaintiff alleges that the truck was owned by FCI and leased to North
Trucking Logistics at the time. 

Two
other actions related to insurance coverage for the accident were filed. They are Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company v. Freight
Connections, LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket No. ESX-L-7144-19) and New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance
Company, as subrogee of Elaine Pryor v. Acceptance Indemnity Insurance Company (Superior Court of New Jersey, Essex County, Docket
No. ESX-L-5120). However, these two actions involving insurance coverage issues have been consolidated with the Pryor personal
injury claim. 

In
an opinion issued November 16, 2022, the court denied all parties motions for summary judgment on the insurance coverage issues. 

The
conduct alleged in the Pryor complaint occurred prior to the Company s September 16, 2022, acquisition of FCI. The selling
stockholder of FCI has advised the Company that the truck in question was not owned by FCI at the time of the accident and hence that
FCI is not a proper party defendant in this action. 

On
May 8, 2023, the Court in the Elaine Pryor action entered an order, on the consent of counsel for all parties, directing that
the name of defendant FCI be changed to Freight Connections LLC and that this change be reflected in the caption of the case (the May
8, 2023 Order ). Freight Connections LLC is not a corporate affiliate of FCI but is rather an independent trucking company that
is wholly-owned by the individual who sold the stock of FCI to TLSS-FC effective September 16, 2022. (See Note 1 above.) 

In
light of the May 8, 2023 Order, the Company does not believe that it can be adjudged liable for any verdict or settlement in the Elaine
Pryor action. 

The
case was scheduled for trial on September 16, 2024; however, the case settled before the trial date and a Stipulation of Dismissal was
filed by all parties on September 25, 2024. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Josh
Perez v. Cougar Express, Inc. 

An
attorney for a former Cougar Express (CE) employee, Josh Perez Perez ), has advised CE that he has filed a charge of discrimination
against CE with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). 

Perez
allegedly is asserting claims against CE for: gender discrimination under Title VII and the New York State Human Rights Law NYSHRL 
pregnancy/childbirth discrimination under Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; retaliation under Title VII
and NYSHRL; and familial status discrimination under NYSHRL. 

However,
CE has not received a copy, nor any notification, of the filing. 

Perez
was employed by CE as a dock worker beginning on 3/8/2022 and last worked 9/27/2022. He alleges that in or around July 2022, he informed
CE that he was expecting a child. Perez has not provided any details regarding the individual(s) with CE he allegedly informed. On 9/27/22,
Perez requested that CE complete the employer section of his New York Paid Family Leave PFL paperwork, which CE did.
Thereafter, Perez ceased communicating with CE. Further, CE did not receive any confirmation that Perez had in fact filed for PFL or
that his PFL was approved. 

Because
CE did not hear from Perez or receive any confirmation concerning his application for or approval of PFL, CE concluded that Perez had
resigned. Another worker was hired to fill Perez s former position. Then, on or about 12/27/22, Perez contacted CE attempting to
return to work and was informed that there was no position for him. 

CE
categorically denies Perez s allegations and any purported wrongdoing. Because this matter is apparently pending with the EEOC
and CE has neither received a copy of the filing nor any notification of the filing, the Company cannot evaluate the likelihood of an
adverse outcome or estimate the Company s liability, if any, in connection with it. 

Joseph
Corbisiero v. Freight Connections, Inc., TLSS and TLSS-FC 

On
October 19, 2023, Joseph Corbisiero Corbisiero filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, Bergen
County, against the Company s subsidiary, Freight Connections, Inc. FC (which was deconsolidated from TLSS operations
as of December 1, 2023), the Company, and the Company s TLSS-FC, Inc. subsidiary. The case has been assigned # BER-L-005669-23.
Corbisiero, who was then the sole stockholder of FC, sold all outstanding shares of FC capital stock to TLSS-FC effective September 16,
2022 (the FC Closing Date and has acted as the CEO of FC since then. 

The
complaint in this action contained two counts, one for the alleged breach of a secured promissory note executed by FC in Corbisiero s
favor as of the FC Closing Date (the FC Promissory Note ), and the other for enforcement of a security agreement, also dated
as of the FC Closing Date, pursuant to which FC granted Corbiserio a lien and security interest on all of FC s property,
assets and rights of every kind (the FC Security Agreement ). Neither the Company, nor TLSS-FC, is a party to the FC Promissory
Note or the FC Security Agreement. In the lawsuit, the Company and TLSS-FC are each denominated a Nominal Defendant and
the complaint does not seek relief from either entity. 

In
the complaint, Corbisiero alleged that FC defaulted on the FC Promissory Note by failing to pay monthly interest beginning in or around
August 1, 2023. Plaintiff also alleges that, by reason of its default, FC is also liable for default interest of , plus costs of collection. The complaint further alleged that by reason of FC s default,
FC became liable for the full repayment of principal prior to the December 31, 2023, maturity date set forth in the note (see Note 10). 

The
complaint also contained a single paragraph in which it is alleged that TLSS and TLSS-FC are necessary and indispensable parties
to the instant action by virtue of each entity s express covenant and agreement to indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless
Plaintiff from and against all losses incurred by Plaintiff in connection with, among other things, any breach or nonfulfillment of any
covenant or agreement on the part of TLSS-FC and TLSS under the stock purchase and sale agreement pursuant to which, as amended, TLSS-FC
(the FC SPSA acquired the then-outstanding capital stock of FC. 

On
May 13, 2024, a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal Without Prejudice was filed by Corbisiero and this case was dismissed due to the petitions
for relief filed by Freight Connections and TLSS-FC under chapter 7 of title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Plaintiff expressly
reserved all claims, causes of action, and defenses against the Company, both individually and collectively, in connection with this
dispute. 

Emerson
Swan v. Severance Trucking Co., Inc . 

On
April 1, 2024, a judgment was entered against Severance Trucking on behalf of Emerson Swan, Inc. Emerson in the amount
of , including prejudgment interest, statutory costs and legal fees. Emerson, which was a customer of Severance Trucking, claimed
that an employee of Severance Trucking stole of Emerson s products while under Severance
Trucking s control. The Company did not accrue this claim and believes it is not liable since the accusation was made prior to the Severance
Trucking acquisition date in January 2023. 

Employment
agreements 

On
January 4, 2022, as well as annual discretionary bonuses based on the Company s achievement
of performance targets, grants of options, restricted stock or other equity (with prior grants made to Ascentaur), at the discretion
of the Board, up to 5 of the outstanding common stock of the Company, vesting over the term of the CEO Employment Agreement, business
expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives . Pursuant to the CEO Employment Agreement,
on March 11, 2022, the Board granted the chief executive officer shares of its common stock (see Note 6). On March 1, 2024,
the Board, appointed Sebastian Giordano, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to the additional offices of Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Due to the Company s financial condition, Mr. Giordano has agreed to temporarily
defer pay, and has continued to do so, for at least some period of time; however, such compensation and other benefits due Mr. Giordano
under the CEO Employment Agreement, continue to accrue. On May 15, 2024, the Company received a Termination for Good Reason Termination
Notice related to the CEO Employment Agreement, for the nonpayment of compensation and other benefits due under the CEO Employment
Agreement. Under the terms of the CEO Employment Agreement, the Company had until July 15, 2024 to cure such default or else Mr. Giordano s
termination pursuant to the Termination Notice would be effective on July 15, 2024. The Company was unable to cure such default; however,
on July 15, 2024, the Company and Mr. Giordano agreed to a extend the termination date until August 15, 2024. On August 15, 2024, the
Company and Mr. Giordano further extended the termination date to November 15, 2024, and on November 14, 2024, the termination date was
further extended to February 15, 2025. Through the extended termination date, all existing wage and benefit provisions of the CEO Employment
Agreement shall continue to accrue; however, the claims under the Termination Notice remain in force, including that any granted, but
unvested Restricted Stock Units, if any, have been deemed fully vested under the Termination Notice (see Note 12). 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. James Giordano (no relation to Mr. Sebastian Giordano) as Chief Financial Officer.
In addition, Mr. James Giordano was appointed the Company s Treasurer. Mr. James Giordano s employment with the Company was
at will. He received annual compensation of and was entitled to an annual discretionary bonuses and equity grants, business
expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On March 11, 2022 and effective January
4, 2022, the Company agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr. James Giordano for shares of common stock of the Company
which were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the
measurement date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments with the first installment of shares vesting on March
31, 2022, and shares of common stock vesting each quarter through December 31, 2022. The Company valued these shares of common
stock at a fair value of and recorded stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period (See Note 9). On July 6, 2022,
the Company entered into a definitive employment agreement with James Giordano (the CFO Employment Agreement for him to
serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The term of the CFO Employment Agreement was for a period of two and one-half years
through December 31, 2025, which term may not be terminated early by the Company except for cause as defined in such CFO
Employment Agreement. Annual base compensation was , with an annual bonus for 2022 in total up to a maximum of per year
conditioned on the achievement of specified milestones, and future annual bonuses to be conditioned on achievement of milestones to be
negotiated based on the circumstances of the Company at such time. Effective October 13, 2023, Mr. James Giordano terminated the CFO
Employment Agreement and was entitled to two weeks of severance pay and payment of health insurance through December 31, 2023. Mr. James
Giordano acknowledged that due to his resignation decision, he is not entitled to any other severance or termination payments that may
have been provided for pursuant to his employment agreement. 

and , which is
included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, respectively. As of December
31, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate amount due to these companies amounted to and , respectively, which is included in liabilities
of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Notes
payable related parties 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connections issued a promissory note in the
amount of 
to the Freight Connections Seller, who is considered a related party. The secured promissory accrues interest at the rate of 
per annum and then 
per annum as of March 1, 2023. The entire unpaid principal under the note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and
all other amounts payable thereunder, was due and payable in one balloon payment on December 31, 2023, unless paid sooner. The
promissory note was secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, interest
expense related to this promissory note amounted to 
and ,
respectively, which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. On
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the principal amount related to this note was 
(due to deconsolidation of this liability) and ,
respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. 

On
April 14, 2023, the Board approved a credit facility (the Credit Facility under which the Company would obtain unsecured
senior debt financing of up to . The terms of the Credit Facility provided for interest at per annum. However, upon default,
the interest rate shall be per annum. The maturity date of the financing was , provided, however, the Company may
prepay a loan at any time without premium or penalty. Each loan under the Credit Facility was made on promissory notes. During April
2023, the Company received initial loans under the Credit Facility, in the following amounts: (a) from John Mercadante on April
17, 2023; Mr. Mercadante is a Director of the Company; and (b) from Sebastian Giordano on April 21, 2023; Mr. Giordano is the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board. 

On
November 1, 2023, the Company approved and received an additional loan under the Credit Facility in the amount of from Mr. Mercadante
which was due on , and on November 28, 2023, the Company approved and received an additional loan under the Credit Facility
in the amount of from an individual, who is affiliated to Mr. Mercadante, which was due on . 

On
December 31, 2023, the aggregate principal amount related to these four (4) notes to three (3) related parties was and the
aggregate accrued interest payable amounted was , which has been included in accrued expenses related parties on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 
 
 - 
 
 Assets of discontinued operations, current portion 

Security deposits 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 
 - 

Lease right of use asset, net 
 - 

Intangibles, net 
 - 

Goodwill 
 - 

Assets of discontinued operations, long-term portion 
 - 

Total assets of discontinued operations 

Liabilities of discontinued operations: 

Notes payable, current portion 

Note payable, related party 
 - 

Note payable, current portion 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Liabilities of discontinued operations, current portion 

Notes payable, long-term portion 
 - 

Lease liabilities, long-term portion 
 - 

Liabilities of discontinued operations, long-term portion 
 - 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations 

The
following table summarizes the results of operations of the discontinued operations: 

2023 
 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Impairment loss 

Other expenses 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Accounts
receivable 

Allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Property
and equipment, net 

- years 

Machinery and equipment 
 - years 

Office equipment and furniture 
 - years 

Leasehold improvements 
 - years 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

On
June 21, 2022, in connection with the sale of net assets of Shyp FX, the Company sold delivery trucks and equipment with a net book value
of (See Note 3). 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expenses amounted to and , respectively, and are included in
loss from discontinued operations. 

Due
to the Freight Bankruptcy and the assignment of all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to the Freight Trustee for liquidation
and unwinding of the business, the Company recognized a loss on deconsolidation of the Freight Connections property and equipment, net
of , which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company wrote down property and equipment to net realizable value and recorded an impairment
loss of and , respectively, which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. 

Intangible
Assets and Goodwill 

As
a result of the acquisitions of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, during the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a 
increase in the gross intangible assets made up of of finite lived intangible assets and of goodwill (See Note
3). The increase in gross finite lived intangible assets was associated with customer relationships and covenants not to compete and
had finite lives. 

As
a result of the acquisition of the Severance entities, during the year ended December 31, 2023, there was a increase in the
gross intangible assets made up of of finite lived intangible assets (See Note 3). The increase in gross finite lived intangible
assets was associated with customer relationships that have finite lives. 

On
December 1, 2023, due to the Freight Bankruptcy and the assignment of all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to the Freight
Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business, the Company recognized a loss on deconsolidation of the Freight Connections intangible
assets and goodwill, net of , which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss from the write off intangible assets and goodwill
of and , respectively, which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, amortization of intangible assets amounted to and , respectively, which
is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2023, intangible assets subject to amortization amounted to . On December 31, 2022, intangible assets subject to amortization
and included in assets from discontinued operations consisted of the following: 

 - 

Covenants not to compete 
 - 

Other intangible assets 

- 

(1) 
 of goodwill was related to a subsidiary that had negative equity as of December 31, 2022. 

Notes
Payable 

Less: current portion of notes payable 

Notes payable long-term 
 - 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

JFK
Cartage acquisition promissory note 

On
July 31, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, JFK Cartage issued a promissory note in the amount of . Principal
amount of was paid prior to December 31, 2022. was payable in three annual installments of
 , with interest at per annum, payable on July 31, 2023, July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2025, respectively. On August 28, 2023
and effective on July 31, 2023, the Company and the JFK Cartage Seller entered into a First Amendment to Secured Promissory Note (the
 Amended Note to extend the first annual installment due on July 31, 2023 which was treated as a note modification. Pursuant
to the Amended Note, the Company paid or should have paid: 

(i) 
 An
 interest payment in the amount of which was paid no later than July 28, 2023: 

(ii) 
 23
 equal weekly payments of interest only, each in the amount of (each a Weekly Interest Payment payable commencing
 on July 28, 2023, with the last Weekly Interest Payment due on or before December 29, 2023; 

(iii) 
 
 was payable on December 31, 2023; 

(iv) 
 
 was payable on July 31, 2024, plus interest at per annum for the 7 months of January 2024 through July 2024, in the total
 amount of and, 

(v) 
 l 
 was payable on July 31, 2025, plus interest at per annum for the 12 months from August 2024 through July 2025 in the total amount
 of . 

On
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the principal amount related to the Amended Note was , which is included in liabilities of discontinued
operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

In
connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, on July 31, 2022, the Company assumed an SBA loan that existed on the books of JFK Cartage
in the amount of and the related accrued interest. The Company repaid this SBA loan and all accrued interest in August 2022. 

Severance
Trucking acquisition promissory note 

On
January 31, 2023, in connection with the acquisition of the Severance entities, Severance Trucking issued a promissory note in the amount
of to the Severance Sellers. per annum. The entire unpaid principal
under the note, was originally due and payable in three equal payments on August 1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and August 1, 2024, respectively,
together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder, unless paid sooner. The promissory note was secured solely by the assets of
Severance Trucking and a corporate guaranty from TLSS. During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2023, the Company repaid 
of this note. On December 31, 2023, the principal amount related to this note was , which is included in liabilities of discontinued
operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Subsequent to December 31, 2023, Severance Trucking ceased its operations
and all fixed assets of the Company were voluntarily surrendered to the Severance Sellers (see Note 12). 

Freight
Connection acquisition promissory note 

On
September 16, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, Freight Connections issued a promissory note in the
amount of 
to the Freight Connections Seller, who is considered a related party (See Note 3). 
per annum and then 10 per annum as of March 1, 2023. The entire unpaid principal under the note, together with all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable in one balloon payment on December 31,
2023, unless paid sooner. The promissory note was secured solely by the assets of Freight Connections. In connection with the
Freight Bankruptcy and the assignment of all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to the Freight Trustee for liquidation
and unwinding of the business, the Company recognized a gain on deconsolidation of the Freight Connections acquisition note of
 ,
which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations. On December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the principal amount related to this note was 
(due to deconsolidation of this note) and ,
respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note
8). 

Equipment
and auto notes payable 

In
connection with the acquisition of JFK Cartage, on July 31, 2022, the Company assumed several equipment notes payable due to entities
amounting to . On December 31, 2023 and 2022, equipment notes payable to these entities amounted to and , respectively,
which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
July 7, 2022, Cougar Express entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a truck in the amount of . The note is due in
 sixty monthly installments of which began in August 2022. The note was secured by the truck. On December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
equipment note payable to this entity amounted to and , respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued
operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

In
connection with the acquisition of Freight Connections, on September 16, 2022, the Company assumed several equipment notes payable due
to entities amounting to . On December 31, 2023 and 2022, equipment notes payable to these entities amounted to and ,
respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

On
September 22, 2022, JFK Cartage entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a truck in the amount of . The note is due
in forty-eight monthly installments of which began in August 2022. The note was secured by the truck. On December 31, 2023 and
2022, the equipment note payable to this entity amounted to and , respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued
operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
January 17, 2023, Cougar Express entered into a promissory note for the purchase of two trucks in the amount of . The note is
due in sixty monthly installments of which began in August 2022. The note was secured by the trucks. On December 31, 2023, the
equipment note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

In
connection with the acquisition of the Severance entities, on January 31, 2023, the Company assumed an equipment note payable due to
an entity amounting to . On December 31, 2023, equipment note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in
liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

On
April 1, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a yard truck in the amount of . The note
is due in 48 monthly installments of which began in April 2023. The note was secured by the truck. On December 31, 2023, the equipment
note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

On
April 14, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a promissory note for the purchase of a truck in the amount of . The note is due
in 48 monthly installments of which began in April 2023. The note was secured by the truck. On December 31, 2023, the equipment
note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

On
July 13, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a promissory note for the purchase of three trucks in the amount of . The note
is due in 60 monthly installments of which began in August 2023. The note is secured by the trucks. On December 31, 2023, the
equipment note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

On
September 8, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a promissory note for the purchase of two trucks in the amount of . The note
is due in 48 monthly installments of which began in October 2023. The note is secured by the trucks. On December 31, 2023, the
equipment note payable to this entity amounted to , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. 

In
December 2023, Cougar Express entered into two Merchant Loan (the Merchant Loans with lenders in the aggregate principal
amount of and received net proceeds of , net of fees of , which was reflected as a debt discount to be amortized
into interest expense over the term of the note. The Merchant Loans requires a weekly and daily payment of principal and interest of
 and , respectively, through May 2024. On December 31, 2023, the aggregate principal amount due on the Merchant Loans is
 , which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Operating
and Financing Lease Right-Of-Use Rou Assets and Operating and Financing Lease Liabilities 

As
a result of the acquisition of JFK Cartage and Freight Connections, the Company assumed several non-cancelable operating leases for the
lease of office, warehouse spaces, and parking spaces. Additionally, as a result of the acquisition of Severance Trucking, the Company
assumed several non-cancelable financing leases for revenue equipment. 

Effective
January 1, 2023, Freight Connections entered into a lease agreement for warehouse space in Ridgefield, NJ. The lease was for a period
of months, commencing on January 1, 2023 and expiring on December 31, 2027. Pursuant to the lease agreement, the lease required Freight
Connections to pay a monthly base rent of; (i) in the first year; (ii) in the second year; (iii) in the third
year; (iv) in the fourth year and; (v) in the fifth year, plus a pro rata share of operating expenses beginning January
2023. In connection with this lease, on January 1, 2023, the Company increased right of use assets and lease liabilities by . 

Effective
February 1, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a lease agreement for warehouse space in North Haven, CT. The lease is for a period
of months, commencing on February 1, 2023 and expiring on January 31, 2025. Pursuant to this lease agreement, the lease required Severance
Trucking to pay a monthly base rent of . Additionally, effective February 1, 2023, Severance Trucking entered into a lease agreement
for warehouse space in Dracut, MA. The lease is for a period of months, commencing on February 1, 2023 and expiring on . Pursuant to this lease agreement, the lease requires Severance Trucking to pay a monthly base rent of . In connection with
these leases, on February 1, 2023, the Company increased right of use assets and lease liabilities by . 

On
December 1, 2023, in connection with the Freight Bankruptcy and the assignment of all of the TLSS-FC and Freight Connections assets to
the Freight Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business, Freight Connection abandoned all of its leased premises and recognized
a loss on deconsolidation of the Freight Connections right of use assets of , which is included in loss from discontinued operations
on the accompanying statements of operations and offset by a gain from the deconsolidation of lease liabilities. Additionally, certain Freight Connections landlords initiated litigation against the Company for non-payment of lease
amounts due which is part of the Freight Bankruptcy. 

Additionally,
in February 2024, the Company abandoned all remaining leased premises and as of December 31, 2023, the Company wrote off its
remaining right of use assets and related security deposits and recorded an impairment loss of ,
which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying statements of operations (see Note 12). 

The
significant assumption used to determine the present value of the lease liabilities was discount rates ranging from to which was
based on the Company s estimated average incremental borrowing rate. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 - 

Balance of ROU assets 
 - 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

Less: current portion of lease liabilities 

Lease liabilities long-term 
 - 

Income tax benefit State 

Permanent items 

Deferred tax true up 
 
 - 
 
 Effect of change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
net operating loss carryforward was approximately on December 31, 2023. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal
to the net deferred income tax asset as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be
sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the valuation allowance decreased by .
Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is subject to an annual limitation
as a result of ownership changes that may occur in the future. expires on . Subsequent to 2017, all estimated loss carry forwards may be carried forward indefinitely subject to annual usage limitations . 

The
Company does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2019 to 2023
Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. 

 due under the Severance Trucking
Note Severance Trucking January Payment and (ii) Notice of Default and Demand Under Guaranty with respect to the Severance
Trucking Note issued and guaranteed to the Lenders pursuant to the Absolute, Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty, dated February 1,
2023 between TLSS Guarantor and the Severance Trucking Lenders, due to the Severance Debtors failure to make the
Severance January Payment (see Note 10). 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

The
Severance Trucking Lenders demanded that the Severance Trucking Debtors and the Guarantor make the immediate full payment of (i) the
entire principal balance due under the Severance Trucking Note, together with all interest accrued thereon, and (ii) a late charge of
five percent of the Severance Trucking January Payment. The Severance Trucking Lenders also noted that if the full payment due under
the Severance Trucking Note were not made to the Severance Trucking Lenders, then the Severance Trucking Lenders could immediately thereafter
pursue all of their rights and remedies, including, without limitation, liquidation of all of the collateral of the Severance Trucking
Debtors. If the Severance Trucking Lenders took such action, then, the Severance Trucking Debtors would be responsible for all costs
and expenses in connection with the collection and enforcement Expenses of the payment due under the Documents, and that
such Expenses shall accrue interest at a rate of per annum. 

On
February 26, 2024, the Company voluntarily surrendered the unencumbered owned fixed assets of Severance Trucking operations to the Severance
Trucking Lenders (see Note 10). 

In
addition, the Severance Trucking received a Notice of Default and Demand for Rent for its failure to pay rent due on December 1, 2023,
and January 1, 2024 under the terms of a lease entered into on February 1, 2023 between Severance Trucking and the Severance Family Realty
Trust. On February 26, 2024, Severance voluntarily vacated such premises (see Note 10). 

On
February 6, 2024 and February 15, 2024, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to Mr. Mercadante, a member of the Company s
Board, in the principal amount of . and , respectively. Each unsecured promissory note matures from the date
of issuance and accrues interest at a rate per annum of . 

On
February 16, 2024, Severance Trucking, along with the following subsidiaries of the Company, Cougar Express, Inc. and JFK Cartage, Inc.
(collectively, Cougar ceased all operation and, as a result, all remaining employees of Cougar Express and Severance Trucking
were laid off as of February 16, 2024. 

On
February 27, 2024, Cougar Express, filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in the State of New York under the United States Bankruptcy
Code, assigning all of the Cougar Express assets to Mr. Andrew M. Thaler, Esq., as Trustee (the Cougar Express Trustee for liquidation and unwinding of the business. Due to the Cougar bankruptcy, it is anticipated that the Cougar Express Trustee will effectuate
a sale of Cougar Express s assets. To the extent there are net proceeds from the sale(s) of the assets, such net proceeds would
be paid to Cougar Express s creditors and other stakeholders in accordance with the priorities established by law. 

On
February 29, 2024, all remaining support staff, employed by TLSS Ops, were laid off. 

On
February 21, 2024 and February 23, 2024, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to Norman Newton Mr. Newton and
Charles Benton Mr. Benton ), both members of the Company s Board, in the principal amount of and , respectively.
Each unsecured promissory note matured on , and accrues interest at the rate per annum of . On October 1, 2024,
both Mr. Newton and Mr. Benton each filed a notice of default, resulting in an increase in the rate of interest to as of the date
of default. 

On
April 1, 2024, a judgment was entered against Severance Trucking on behalf of Emerson in the amount of , including prejudgment
interest, statutory costs and legal fees. Emerson, which was a customer of Severance Trucking, claimed that an employee of Severance
Trucking stole of Emerson s products while under Severance Trucking s control.
Such amount is recorded as an accrued expense of Severance Trucking. 

On
April 30, 2024, Severance Trucking received a letter from Ryder Truck Rental, Inc. requesting payment in the amount of comprised
of outstanding unpaid Truck Lease and Service Agreement charges of in open invoices, in early termination charges and
 in attorney s fees. Such amounts are recorded as an accrued expense of Severance
Trucking. 

Due
to the Company s financial condition, beginning on February 16, 2024, Mr. Giordano agreed to temporarily defer cash compensation
and receipt of benefits until a date that was to be mutually agreed upon; however, such compensation and other benefits due to Mr. Giordano
under the CEO Employment Agreement, continue to accrue. On May 15, 2024, the Company received the Termination Notice, for the nonpayment
of compensation and other benefits due under such CEO Employment Agreement. Under the terms of the CEO Employment Agreement, the Company
had until July 15, 2024 to cure such default or else Mr. Giordano s termination pursuant to the Termination Notice would be effective
on July 15, 2024. The Company was unable to cure such default; however, on July 15, 2024, the Company and Mr. Giordano agreed to a extend
the termination date until August 15, 2024. On August 15, 2024, the Company and Mr. Giordano further extended the termination date to
November 15, 2024. On November 14, 2024, the parties further extended the termination date to February 15, 2025. 

Through
the extended termination date, all existing wage and benefit provisions of the CEO Employment Agreement shall continue to accrue; however,
the claims under the Termination Notice remain in force, including that any granted, but unvested Restricted Stock Units, if any, have
been deemed fully vested under the Termination Notice. In addition, the remaining of unvested Restricted Stock Units RSUs of the RSUs originally granted to Mr. Giordano in March 2022 will be deemed fully vested as of the date the CEO Employment
Agreement terminates. 

In
connection with the extension of the term of the CEO Employment Agreement, the Company acknowledged that as of and through November 15,
2024 the amount of compensation and benefit amounts due to Mr. Giordano total: 

(ii) Accrued vacation pay through November 15, 2024 

(iii) Health insurance premium (March November 2024) 

Total 

The
above amounts do not include the severance payment that became due and payable under the terms of the CEO Employment Agreement as a result
of the Company s failure to cure the default as discussed above, which is equal to Mr. Giordano s annual base salary for
the one-year subsequent to the termination of the CEO Employment Agreement ). 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2023 and 2022 

On
May 21, 2024, the Company received default notices for its failure to pay outstanding principal and interest due on unsecured promissory
notes that were issued on April 17, 2023 to Mr. Mercadante and on April 21, 2023 to Mr. Giordano in the principal amounts of 
and , respectively and due on December 31, 2023. As such, the interest rate on both notes was increased to per annum calculated
as of January 1, 2024 (see Note 5). 

On
July 1, 2024, the Company received a default notice for its failure to pay outstanding principal and interest due on an unsecured promissory
note that was issued on October 3, 2023 to John Mercadante in the principal amount of and was due on June 30, 2024. As such,
the interest rate on such note was increased to per annum as of July 1, 2024 (see Note 5). 

On
July 17, 2024, our common stock, which was quoted on the OTC Pink Tier under the symbol TLSS was moved to the OTC Experts
Market. 

On
August 12, 2024, the Company issued two (2) promissory notes (the August 2024 Notes in the aggregate principal amount
of , with an interest rate of per annum that mature six (6) months from the date of issuance, to Mercer Street Global Opportunity
Fund and Cavalry Fund I LP (each a 2024 Lender and together the 2024 Lenders ). 

If
the Company defaults on the August 2024 Notes, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the August 2024 Notes in full upon
five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry of a thirty (30) day
period, a default penalty equal to per month during the period of default in addition to the interest rate will apply to the
entire amount of the August 2024 Notes outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

Concurrently
with the issuance of the August 2024 Notes, the Company also entered into a letter agreement of even date (the August 2024 Letter
Agreement with the August 2024 Lenders setting forth, among other items, the intended use of proceeds of the August 2024 Notes
which include: (i) the completion of the Company s 2023 audit and reviews for the subsequent 2024 quarters; (ii) preparation and
submission of any requisite filings with the SEC and OTC Expert Market; and (iii) maintaining good standing with requisite taxing authorities. 

On
August 24, 2024, TLSS Ops received a Notice of Default and Demand for Payment from RxBenefits, Inc. RxBenefits due to
the Company s failure to pay certain invoices, plus interest and late service charges due under the Administrative Services Agreement
by and between RxBenefits and TLSS Operations Holding, in the amount of . Such amount is
recorded as an accrued expense of TLSS Ops. 

On
October 9, 2024, the Company issued two (2) unsecured non-convertible promissory notes (the October 2024 Notes in the
aggregate principal amount of , with an interest rate of per annum that mature six (6) months from the date of issuance,
to the 2024 Lenders. If the Company defaults on the October 2024 Notes, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the October
2024 Notes in full upon five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry
of a thirty (30) day period, a default penalty equal to per month during the period of default in addition to the interest rate
will apply to the entire amount of the October 2024 Notes outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

Concurrently
with the issuance of the October 2024 Notes, the Company also entered into a letter agreement of even date (the October 2024 Letter
Agreement with the 2024 Lenders setting forth, among other items, the intended use of proceeds of the October 2024 Notes which
include: (i) the completion of the Company s 2023 audit and reviews for the subsequent 2024 quarters; (ii) preparation and submission
of any requisite filings with the SEC and OTC Expert Market; (iii) maintaining good standing with requisite taxing authorities; and (iv)
fees for routine litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. 

On
November 22, 2024, Company issued an unsecured non-convertible promissory note (the November 2024 Note in the aggregate
principal amount of , with an interest rate of per annum that mature six (6) months from the date of issuance, to the 2024
Lenders. If the Company defaults on the November 2024 Note, the 2024 Lenders have the right to demand repayment of the November 2024
Note in full upon five (5) business days notice to the Company. In the event that full payment is not made upon the expiry of
a thirty (30) day period, a default penalty equal to per month during the period of default in addition to the interest rate
will apply to the entire amount of the November 2024 Note outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. 

Concurrently
with the issuance of the November 2024 Note, the Company also entered into a letter agreement of even date (the November 2024
Letter Agreement with the 2024 Lenders setting forth, among other items, the intended use of proceeds of the November 2024 Notes
which include: (i) the completion of the Company s 2023 audit and reviews for the subsequent 2024 quarters; (ii) preparation and
submission of any requisite filings with the SEC and OTC Expert Market; (iii) maintaining good standing with requisite taxing authorities;
and (iv) fees for routine litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. 

From
January 1, 2024 and through December 4, 2024, the Company issued shares of its common stock in connection with the conversion
of shares of Series G Preferred and accrued dividends payable of . The conversion ratio was based on the Series G COD,
as amended. As of December 4, 2024, shares of the Series G Preferred remain issued and outstanding. 

F- 34 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Based
on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as
amended) our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, has concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report for the purpose of ensuring
that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report is made known to them by others on a timely basis, and that
the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
in order to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
by us within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board are described below and were identified by our Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our
Chief Financial Officer in connection with the above annual evaluation in consultation with the Company s independent public accounting
firm. Management believes that these material weaknesses did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes
that these material weaknesses resulted in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and
procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Management recognizes that its
controls and procedures would be substantially improved if the Company had adequate staffing and an audit committee and as such is actively
seeking to remediate this issue. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as our
Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the our management and directors;
and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the
Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Based on our evaluation under the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective as of December 31, 2023 due to the following material weaknesses: 

1) 
 The
 Company lacks segregation of duties; and 

2) 
 There
 is a lack of segregation of duties and monitoring controls regarding accounting because there are only a few outside accountants
 maintaining the books and records. 

However,
we do not believe the material weaknesses described above caused any significant misreporting of our consolidated financial condition
and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Management
Plan to Remediate Material Weaknesses 

During
2023 and 2022, we had taken steps to seek to remediate these material weaknesses and to improve our financial reporting systems and implement
new policies, procedures, and controls. However, due to a lack of working capital and the departure of key accounting staff, we were
not able to continue to implement our remediation plan for the foreseeable future. We plan on implementing policies and procedures to
address and mitigate all material weaknesses if we receive additional funding and are able to expand our accounting staff. 

20 

We
are committed to the improvement of our internal control processes and will continue to review our financial reporting controls and procedures
diligently and vigorously. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may determine
to take additional measures to address control deficiencies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, except as discussed above (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this Annual Report. 

Limitations
on the effectiveness of Controls 

Management
recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. Our management has reassessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and based upon that
evaluation, our sole officer. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Below
are the names of and certain information regarding the Company s current executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Date
 Named to 
 Board 
 of
 Directors or as 
 Executive
 Officer 
 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 January
 4, 2022 
 
 Charles
 Benton 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 20, 2022 
 
 John
 Mercadante 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 16, 2019 
 
 Norman
 Newton 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 20, 2022 

Sebastian
Giordano - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Since
2002, Mr. Giordano, age 67, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Ascentaur, LLC Ascentaur ), providing C-Level consulting
services to a diverse roster of predominantly technology-centric clients, including start-ups, turnarounds, and established businesses
across many industries, including providing such consulting services to TLSS from 2020 through 2021, prior to becoming the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman in January 2022 and its Chief Financial Officer in March 2024. From 2013 to 2018, he served as Chief
Executive Officer of WPCS International Incorporated, (Nasdaq:WPCS), a low-voltage contracting company. 

Charles
Benton Director 

Mr.
Benton, age 74, has served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Vision Hydrogen Corp. (OTC: VIHD), a company focused
on the production, storage and distribution of hydrogen for the green energy economy supply chain, from January 2019. From February 2014
to January 2018, Mr. Benton has served as Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of WPCS International Incorporated
(Nasdaq: WPCS), a design-build engineering firm focused on the deployment of wireless networks and related services including site design,
technology integration, electrical contracting, construction and maintenance, and served as Chairman of the Board from April 2017 through
January 2018. 

John
Mercadante - Director 

Mr.
Mercadante, age 80, served as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company from April
16, 2019 until January 3, 2024. Since January 2022, Mr. Mercadante has been a consultant and a manager of his personal investments. Mr.
Mercadante co-founded Leisure Line, Inc., a motor coach company serving New York City and Atlantic City, New Jersey, in 1970 and served
as its Chief Executive Officer for a ten-year period through the sale of the company to Golden Nugget in 1980. 

21 

Norman
Newton - Director 

Mr.
Newton, age 58, has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriCasa Solutions, LLC, a vertically integrated provider
of housing to the Hispanic Community in the United States, since 2017. Since 2008, Mr. Newton has served as the Managing Director of
Newton Vision Corporation, a privately held investment and consulting company with deep experience in business process reengineering,
optimization, and digital transformation. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as set forth below, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, except that: (i) Mr. Mercadante was Chief Executive Officer of Prime
 EFS and Shypdirect at the time each filed an ABC when it filed for bankruptcy and (ii) Mr. Giordano was Chief Executive Officer of
 TLSS-FC and Freight Connections at the time each filed for bankruptcy and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
 Cougar Express at the time it filed for bankruptcy; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

6. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics although we expect to do so as we develop our infrastructure and business. Our board of directors
and executive officers have focused on identifying and hiring the personnel required to manage the growth of the Company and will be
adopting a Code of Ethics that will be implemented in conjunction with completing the hiring of additional personnel. 

Independent
Directors 

Mr.
Charles Benton, Mr. John Mercadante, and Mr. Norman Newton are independent directors as defined under the rules of the
SEC relating to director independence requirements. 

Board
of Directors and Board Committees 

Directors
are elected to serve until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the
annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor
has been elected and qualified. 

Our
Board currently has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nomination Committee. As of the date of
this Annual Report, the members and Chairs of our standing Board committees were: 

Audit 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Nominating 
 
 Independent
 Directors 

Charles
 Benton 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 

John
 Mercadante 

Chair 
 
 X 
 
 Norman
 Newton 
 
 X 

Chair 

Non-Independent
 Director 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

22 

Audit
Committee 

All
Audit Committee members are independent which satisfies the OTC Expert Market listing standards and the applicable SEC
rules and regulations. Our Board of Directors has determined that one of the members of the Audit Committee, Mr. Benton, meets the definition
of an audit committee financial expert as established by the SEC. The Audit Committee provides assistance to the Board
in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the quality and integrity of the financial reports of the Company. The Audit
Committee has the sole authority to appoint, review and discharge our independent accountants, and has established procedures for the
receipt, retention, response to and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and audit matters. In addition, the
Audit Committee is responsible for: 

reviewing
 the scope, results, timing and costs of the audit with our independent accountants and reviewing the results of the annual audit
 examination and any accompanying management letters; 

assessing
 the independence of the outside accountants on an annual basis, including receipt and review of a written report from the independent
 accountants regarding their independence consistent with the independence standards of the board; 

reviewing
 and approving the services provided by the independent accountants; 

overseeing
 the internal audit function; and 

reviewing
 our significant accounting policies, financial results and earnings releases, and the adequacy of our internal controls and procedures. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to executive compensation, employee compensation
and benefit programs and plans, and leadership development and succession planning. In addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible
for: 

reviewing
 the performance of our Chief Executive Officer; 

determining
 the compensation and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; 

establishing
 our compensation policies and practices; 

administering
 our incentive compensation and stock plans (except for the issuance of securities to non-employee directors for services which is
 administered by the Board); and 

approving
 the adoption of material changes to or the termination of our benefit plans. 

The
Compensation Committee reviews and discusses with management the disclosures regarding executive compensation to be included in our annual
proxy statement. The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are more fully described in the Compensation Committee s charter. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
Nominating Committee considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on our board of directors. The Nominating Committee may have
required certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that may arise from time
to time and also considered the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The
Nominating Committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

23 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the last two fiscal years indicated
to the named executive officers: 

Name Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year ended Dec. 31, 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Sebastian Giordano, 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
 2023 
 400,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 9,600 
 409,600 
 
 and Chairman (1) 
 2022 
 400,000 
 0 
 1,343,391 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 1,743,391 

James Giordano, 

Former Chief Financial Officer, 
 2023 
 211,225 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 8,400 
 219,625 
 
 Secretary and Treasurer (2) 
 2022 
 250,000 
 0 
 125,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 9,600 
 384,600 

Justin Frey, 
 2023 
 225,000 
 0 
 90,865 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 8,800 
 324,665 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer (3) 
 2022 
 65,625 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 65,625 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Sebastian Giordano has served as chief executive officer since January 4, 2022. On March 11, 2022, pursuant to an employment agreement
 with the Mr. Giordano dated January 4, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors granted Mr. Giordano 122,126,433 shares of its
 common stock, which were valued at 1,343,391, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
 common stock on the measurement date. These shares will vest in equal annual installments with the first installment of 30,531,608
 shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 30,531,608 common shares vesting each year through January 3, 2025. Other compensation consists
 of an auto allowance of 9,600 in 2023. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 James Giordano served as chief financial officer from January 3, 2022 to October 13, 2023. On March 11, 2022 and effective January
 4, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock awards to Mr. James Giordano for 11,363,636 common shares of the Company which were
 valued at 125,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
 date. These shares vested quarterly during 2022. Other compensation includes an auto allowance of 8,400 and 9,600 in 2023 and 2022,
 respectively. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Justin Frey served as chief operating officer from September 12, 2022 to February 16, 2024. On January 3, 2023, the Company granted
 restricted stock awards to Mr. Frey for 21,634,615 common shares of the Company which were valued at 90,865, or 0.0042 per common
 share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested quarterly
 during 2023. Other compensation includes an auto allowance of 8,800 in 2023. 

(4) 
 As
 required by SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC
 Topic 718. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information about options and stock awards outstanding on December 31, 2023. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2023 FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised options (#) Exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or other Rights that have not Vested ) 
 
 Sebastian Giordano 
 25,000,000 (1) 
 - 
 
 0.06 
 6/16/2025 
 61,063,216 
 48,851 

(1) 
 The
 options were fully vested on the date of grant (6/16/20). 

24 

Employment
Agreements 

Mr.
Sebastian Giordano 

On
January 4, 2022, the Company and Mr. Giordano, our then Chief Executive Officer, entered into an employment agreement (the CEO
Employment Agreement with a term extending through December 31, 2025, which provides for annual compensation of 400,000 as well
as annual discretionary bonuses based on the Company s achievement of performance targets, grants of options, restricted stock
or other equity (with prior grants made to Ascentaur (a company owned by Mr. Giordano)), at the discretion of the Board, up to 5 of
the outstanding common stock of the Company, vesting over the term of the CEO Employment Agreement, business expense reimbursement and
benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. On March 11, 2022, pursuant to the CEO Employment Agreement,
the Board granted Mr. Giordano 122,126,433 shares of our common stock which were valued at 1,343,391, or 0.011 per common share, based
on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vest in equal annual installments
with the first installment of 30,531,608 shares vesting on January 3, 2022, and 30,531,608 common shares vesting each year through January
3, 2025. 

On
March 1, 2024, the Board, appointed Mr. Giordano to the additional offices of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Due
to the Company s financial condition, beginning on February 16, 2024, Mr. Giordano agreed to temporarily defer his cash compensation
and receipt of benefits, and has continued to do so, for at least some period of time, however, such cash compensation and other benefits
due to Mr. Giordano under the CEO Employment Agreement, continue to accrue. On May 15, 2024, the Company received a Termination for Good
Reason Termination Notice related to the CEO Employment Agreement for the nonpayment of compensation and other benefits
due under the CEO Employment Agreement. Under the terms of the CEO Employment Agreement, if the Company did not cure such defaults by
June 15, 2024, then then Mr. Giordano s termination pursuant to the Termination Notice would be effective on July 15, 2024. The
Company was unable to cure such default, however, on July 15, 2024, the Company and Mr. Giordano agreed to extend the termination date
until August 15, 2024. On August 15, 2024, the Company and Mr. Giordano further extended the termination date until November 15, 2024,
and on November 14, 2024, the termination date was further extended to February 15, 2025. All existing wage and benefit provisions of
the CEO Employment Agreement will continue to accrue, however, the claims under the Termination Notice remain in force, including that
any granted, but unvested Restricted Stock Units, if any, have been deemed fully vested due to the Termination of Good Reason. 

Mr.
James Giordano 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company retained the services of Mr. James Giordano (no relation to Mr. Sebastian Giordano) as Chief Financial Officer.
In addition, Mr. James Giordano was appointed the Company s Treasurer. Previously, Mr. James Giordano served as Chief Financial
Officer and consultant to Freight Connections, Inc., an LTL / line haul transportation services and warehousing provider. Prior to that,
he served as Chief Financial Officer for Farren International, a global supplier of transportation and rigging services. Mr. James Giordano s
employment with the Company was at will. He received annual compensation of 250,000 as well as annual discretionary bonuses and equity
grants, business expense reimbursement and benefits as generally made available to the Company s executives. 

On
July 6, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive employment agreement with James Giordano for Mr. Giordano to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer (the CFO Engagement Agreement ). The term the CFO Employment Agreement was for a period of two and
one-half years through December 31, 2025, which term may not be terminated early by the Company except for cause as defined
in such agreement. Annual base compensation was 250,000, with an annual bonus for 2022 in total up to a maximum of 125,000 per year
conditioned on the achievement of specified milestones, and future annual bonuses to be conditioned on achievement of milestones to be
negotiated based on the circumstances of the Company at such time. On March 11, 2022, we agreed to grant restricted stock awards to Mr.
James Giordano for 11,363,636 common shares of the Company which were valued at 125,000, or 0.011 per common share, based on the quoted
closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. These shares vested in equal quarterly installments with the
first installment of 2,840,909 shares vesting on March 31, 2022, and 2,840,909 common shares vesting each quarter through December 31,
2022. On September 15, 2023, we entered into a separation agreement with James Giordano, covering his resignation from the office of
Chief Financial Officer which became effective as of October 13, 2023. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth compensation paid, earned or awarded during 2023 to each of our directors, other than Sebastian Giordano,
whose compensation is described above in the 2023 Summary Compensation Table . 

2023
Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Charles Benton (1) 
 7,500 
 9,636 
 - 
 17,136 
 
 John Mercadante (1) 
 7,500 
 9,636 
 - 
 17,136 
 
 Norman Newton (1) 
 7,500 
 9,636 
 - 
 17,136 

(1) 
 On
 January 23, 2023, each director listed above received 1,818,182 shares of common stock valued at 9,636, or 0.0053 per share, based
 on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 
 
 (2) 
 As
 required by SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC
 Topic 718. See Note 6, Shareholder s Equity (Deficit) in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial
 Statements for the fiscal year ended 2023 included in this Annual Report for more information regarding the Company s
 accounting for share-based compensation plans. 

Director
Compensation Program 

Our
current director compensation program is designed to align our director compensation program with the long-term interests of our stockholders
by implementing a program comprised of cash and equity compensation. 

In
setting director compensation, we consider the amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as well
as the skill level and experience required by our board of directors. We also consider board compensation practices at similarly situated
companies, while keeping in mind the compensation philosophy of us and the stockholders interests. The directors also receive
reimbursement for expenses, including reasonable travel expenses to attend board and committee meetings, reasonable outside seminar expenses,
and other special board-related expenses. 

25 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock and our outstanding series of preferred
stock as of November 29, 2024, by (i) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our capital stock, (ii)
each of our directors and executive officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The percentage ownership
information is based on 5,887,267,891 shares of common stock, 21,418 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Series E
Preferred ), 406,500 shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Preferred ), and 32,374 shares of Series
H Convertible Preferred Stock Series H Preferred outstanding as of November 29, 2024. Information with respect to beneficial
ownership has been furnished by each director, officer or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who
possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules attribute beneficial
ownership of securities as of a particular date to persons who hold convertible preferred stock, options or warrants to purchase shares
of common stock and that are exercisable within 60 days of such date. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned
by the person holding those convertible preferred stock, options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except
as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws, where applicable. To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, each of the
persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by
such person, except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares listed below are held
under a voting trust or similar agreement, except as noted. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge, by any person
of securities of the Company or any of its parents, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of
the Company. 

Unless
otherwise indicated in the following table, the address for each person named in the table is 5500 Military Trail, Suite 22-357, Jupiter,
FL 33458. 

Shares
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Shares
 of Series E Preferred Beneficially Owned 
 Shares
 of Series G Preferred Beneficially Owned 
 Shares
 of Series H Preferred Beneficially Owned 
 
 Name and address of
 beneficial owner 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent
 of class (1) 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent
 of class (2) 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent
 of class (3) 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent
 of class (4) 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Sebastian Giordano (5) 
 147,126,433 
 2.49 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Charles Benton (6) 
 3,636,364 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 John Mercadante 
 27,663,637 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Norman Newton (6) 
 3,636,364 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (4
 persons) 
 182,062,798 
 3.08 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

5 Stockholders 

Joseph Corbisiero (7) 
 502,651,844 
 8.54 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,374 
 100 

Cavalry
 Fund I LP 
 - 
 - 
 21,418 
 100 
 50,000 
 11.52 
 - 
 - 
 
 Morningview Financial LLC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,500 
 25.92 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,000 
 23.04 
 - 
 - 
 
 BHP Capital NY, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,000 
 8.29 
 - 
 - 
 
 Puritan Partners LLC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 27,574 
 6.35 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cavalry Investment Fund LP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 5.76 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cavalry Special Ops Fund LP 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 5.76 
 - 
 - 

less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 5,887,267,891 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 29, 2024. 

(2) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 21,418 shares of Series E Preferred outstanding as of November 29, 2024. 

(3) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 406,500 shares of Series G Preferred outstanding as of November 29, 2024. 

(4) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 32,374 shares of Series H Preferred outstanding as of November 29, 2024. 

(5) 
 Includes
 122,126,433 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Giordano and 25,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
 of warrants to purchase up to 25,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.06 per share held by Ascentaur LLC, a
 company controlled by Mr. Giordano. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of 3,636,364 shares of common. 

(7) 
 Mr.
 Joseph Corbisiero was the chief executive officer of Freight Connections until December 1, 2023. Includes 178,911,844 shares of common
 stock held directly by Mr. Corbisiero and 323,740,000 shares of common issuable upon the conversion of 32,374 shares of Series H
 Preferred, at a conversion price of 0.0001 per share. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not currently have any securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Director
Independence 

Three
of our four board members are independent. The Board has determined that each of Messrs. Benton, Mercadante, and Newton is an independent
director pursuant to the OTC Expert Markets listing standards. Under the OTC Expert Markets listing standards, an independent
director is a non-employee of the Company that does not have a relationship with the Company that, in the Board s opinion,
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out director responsibilities. 

In
assessing the independence of our directors, the Board considers all the business relationships between the Company and our directors
and their respective affiliated companies. This review is based primarily on the Company s review of its own records and on responses
of the directors to questions in a questionnaire regarding employment, business, familial, compensation and other relationships with
the Company and our management. Where relationships exist, the Board determines whether the relationship between the Company and the
directors or the directors affiliated companies impairs the directors independence. After consideration of the directors 
relationships with the Company, the Board has affirmatively determined that none of the individuals serving as non-employee directors
as of the date of this Annual Report has a material relationship with us and that each of such non-employee directors is independent. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Other
than as described below, there have been no transactions since January 1, 2022, whether directly or indirectly, between us an any of
the Company s officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5 of outstanding shares of common stock that exceeded the lesser
of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent (1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two fiscal years. 

26 

Due
to related parties 

During
the period from September 17, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, Freight Connections incurred
outside trucking costs with companies owned by the Freight Connection s Seller, who is currently Freight Connection s
chief executive officer. In connection with the outside trucking services, Freight Connections recorded aggregate outside trucking
expense of 759,614 and 1,716,732, respectively, which is included in loss from discontinued operations on the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the aggregate amount due to these companies amounted to
 115,117 and 0, respectively, which is included in liabilities of discontinued operations on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Notes
payable related parties 

On
April 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Mr. Mercadante in the principal amount of 500,000. Such unsecured
promissory note matured on December 31, 2023 and accrues interest at a rate per annum of 12 . On May 21,2024, Mr. Mercadante filed a
notice of default, resulting in an increase in the rate of interest to 17 which began to apply to the outstanding principal and accrued
interest as of the date of default, or January 1, 2024. 

On
April 21, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Mr. Giordano in the principal amount of 100,000. Such unsecured promissory
note matured on December 31, 2023 and accrues interest at a rate per annum of 12 . On May 21, 2024, Mr. Giordano filed a notice of default,
resulting in an increase in the rate of interest to 17 as of the date of default. 

On
October 3, 2023, the Company issued an additional unsecured promissory note to Mr. Mercadante in the principal amount of 500,000. Such
unsecured promissory note matured on June 24, 2024 and accrues interest at a rate per annum of 12 . On July 1, 2024, Mr. Mercadante filed
a notice of default, resulting in an increase in the rate of interest to 17 as of the date of default. 

On
November 28, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to an affiliate of Mr. Mercadante in the principal amount of 60,000.
Such unsecured promissory note matures one year from the date of issuance and accrues interest at a rate per annum of 12 . 

On
February 6, 2024 and February 15, 2024, Mr. Mercadante issued unsecured promissory notes to the Company in the principal amount of 64,534
and 319,194, respectively. Each unsecured promissory note matures one year from the date of issuance and accrues interest at a rate
per annum of 12 . 

On
February 21, 2024 and February 23, 2024, Mr. Norman Newton and Mr. Charles Benton, both members of the Company s Board, issued
unsecured promissory notes to the Company in the principal amount of 1,000 and 3,109, respectively. Each unsecured promissory note
matured on September 30, 2024, and accrues interest at the rate per annum of 12 . On October 1, 2024, both Mr. Newton and Mr. Benton
each filed a notice of default, resulting in an increase in the rate of interest to 17 as of the date of default. 

There
are not currently any conflicts of interest by or among the Company s current officers, directors, key employees, or advisors.
The Company has not yet formulated a policy for handling conflicts of interest; however, it intends to do so prior to hiring any additional
employees. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Aggregate
fees billed or incurred related to the following years for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting
firm, Salberg Company, P.A. for 2023 and 2022 are set forth below. 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 131,000 
 265,045 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 135,000 
 31,255 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 266,000 
 296,300 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and review
of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our auditors
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees consist of services by our independent auditors that, including accounting consultations on transaction related matters, are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under audit fees. 

Tax
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, Salberg Company, P.A. did not provide any professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

The
Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. The
Audit Committee also discussed all the matters required by professional auditing standards to be discussed with the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm, Salberg Company, P.A., the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, Audit Committee has received from
the independent registered public accounting firm written disclosure required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Ethics
and Independence Rule 3526 and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence from the Company
and its management. Based on its review and discussions, including discussions without management or members of the independent registered
public accounting firm present, the board of directors has approved, that the audited financial statements be included in this Annual
Report. 

27 

To
safeguard the continued independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, the board of directors requires
all audit and non-audit services, subject to a de minimis exception pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C), to be performed
by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, to be pre-approved by the board of directors prior to such services
being performed. All audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm during the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 were approved by the audit committee. 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following financial information is filed as part of this report: 

(a) 

(1) 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

(2) 
 SCHEDULES 

(3) 
 EXHIBITS.

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Loran Connection Corp. (now known as Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc.), as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, on January 25, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2015). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PetroTerra Corp. (now known as Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc.), as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, dated December 18, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 2013). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PetroTerra Corp. (now known as Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc.), as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, dated February 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Form S-1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of PetroTerra Corp. (now known as Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc.), as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, dated July 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2018). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Change to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, dated April 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2021). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2023) 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Other Rights of Series B preferred Stock of the Company, dated October 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrants dated between January 2020 and March 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated June 16, 2020 by Transportation and Logistics Services, Inc. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in Series E Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on December 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our Form S-1/A dated February 10, 2021. 

4.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series G Preferred Stock of the Company, filed on December 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 to our registration statement on Form S-1 dated January 28, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022). 

28 

4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in Warrant Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our registration statement on Form S-1 dated January 28, 2022). 

4.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series H Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2022). 

4.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation, of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series I Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 19, 2023). 

4.11 
 
 Description of Securities. 

10.1+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated November 10, 2021, between TLSS and Mr. James Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2022). 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 4, 2022, between TLSS and Mr. Sebastian Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2022). 

10.3+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, the Company and James Giordano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated July 7, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, by and among TLSS Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation (collectively, the Companies The Shareholders of the Companies; Kathryn Boyd, as the Shareholders Representative; and R|A Feingold Law Consulting, P.A., as Closing Agent and Escrow Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated January 10, 2023). 

10.5 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, between TLSS Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, among TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation (collectively, the Companies Kathryn Boyd; Clyde J. Severance; Robert H. Severance, Jr.; Kathryn Boyd, as the Shareholders Representative; and R|A Feingold Law Consulting, P.A., as Closing Agent and Escrow Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.7 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2023, made by TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Severance Trucking Co., Inc. a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation, in favor of Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance, and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.8 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, among TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, Severance Warehousing, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and McGrath Trailer Leasing, Inc., a Maine corporation, and Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.19 
 
 Absolute, Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty, dated as of February 1, 2023, executed by Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation, in favor of Kathryn Boyd, Clyde J. Severance, and Robert H. Severance, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.10 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, between Severance Trucking Co., Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of TLSS-STI, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and Clyde J. Severance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated February 6, 2023). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Promissory Note between Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. and Certain Investors. 

10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2024, between Transportation Logistics Systems, Inc., and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund and Cavalry Fund I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2024). 

10.13 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2024, between Transportation Logistics Systems, Inc., and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund and Cavalry Fund I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2024). 

10.14 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2024, between Transportation Logistics Systems, Inc., and Cavalry Fund I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2024) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Promissory Note between Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. and Certain Related Parties. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 # 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instances Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

+
Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

#
The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompanies this Form 10-K is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. under the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained
in such filing. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 
 
 December
 5, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
Giordano 
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sebastian Giordano 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 December
 5, 2024 
 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Charles Benton 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 5, 2024 
 
 Charles
 Benton 

/s/
 John Mercadante 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 5, 2024 
 
 John
 Mercadante 

/s/
 Norman Newton 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 5, 2024 
 
 Norman
 Newton 

30 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

FORM
OF COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

Warrant
 Shares: _________ 
 Initial
 Exercise Date: June 16, 2020 

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, ____________, or its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to the close of business on the fifth year anniversary of the
Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Transportation and
Logistics Systems, Inc., an Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to _____________ shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment
hereunder, the Warrant Shares ). The purchase price of one Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise
Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant issued pursuant to a the issuance of a convertible note (the Convertible Note entered into as of the Initial Exercise Date between the Company and the initial Holder. 

Section
1 . Definitions . Capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth herein. 

1 

Section
2 . Exercise . 

(a) Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise
Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate
by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed
copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two Trading Days following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall
deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier s
check drawn on a United States bank, unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable
Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (although the Holder may surrender the Warrant to, and receive a
replacement Warrant from, the Company), the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the
Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within two Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available
hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the
applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one Trading Day
of delivery of such notice. The Holder by acceptance of this Warrant or any transferee, acknowledges and agrees that, by reason of the
provisions of this Section 2(a), following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(b) Exercise
Price . The initial exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to 0.06 per share, subject to
adjustment under Section 3 (the Exercise Price ). 

(c) Cashless
Exercise . Other than as provided for in Section 2(f), if at any time after the six month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date,
there is no effective Registration Statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder (or the prospectus does not meet
the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act), then this Warrant may also be exercised at the Holder s election, in whole
or in part and in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise, at such time by
means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the number
obtained by dividing [(A - B) times (C)] by (A), where: 

(A) = 
 the greater of (i) the arithmetic average of the VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Days ending
on the date immediately preceding the date on which the Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a cashless exercise, 
as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise (or Mandatory Exercise Notice) or (ii) the VWAP for the Trading Day immediately prior
to the date on which the Holder makes such cashless exercise election (or the date prior to the Company issuing a Mandatory
Exercise Notice); 

(B)
= 
 the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder,
at the time of such exercise; and 

(C) = 
 the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a
cashless exercise; 

2 

VWAP 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting
prices), (b) if no volume weighted average price of the Common Stock is reported for the Trading Market, the most recent reported bid
price per share of the Common Stock, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an
independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrants
being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant Shares. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to
this Section 2(c). 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if on the Termination Date (unless the Holder notifies the Company otherwise) if there is no effective
Registration Statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via
cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c). 

(d) Mechanics of Exercise . 

(i) Delivery
of Certificates Upon Exercise . Certificates for the shares of Common Stock purchased hereunder shall be transmitted to the Holder
by the Transfer Agent by crediting the account of the Holder s prime broker with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit
or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an
effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B)
this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise and Rule 144 is available, or otherwise by physical delivery to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is two Trading Days after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company of the
Notice of Exercise and (B) payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above (unless by cashless exercise, if permitted) (such
date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other
person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the
date the Warrant has been exercised, with payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted). 

(ii) Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and
upon surrender of this Warrant, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant Shares, deliver to the
Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which
new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical to this Warrant. Unless the Warrant has been fully exercised, the Holders shall
not be required to surrender this Warrant as a condition of exercise. 

3 

(iii) Rescission
Rights . If the Company fails to deliver the Warrant Shares or cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or
the certificates representing the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will
have the right, at any time prior to issuance of such Warrant Shares, to rescind such exercise. 

(iv) No
Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall,
at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

(v) Charges,
Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer
tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate including any charges of any clearing firm, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
as may be directed by the Holder. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise. 

(vi) Closing
of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(e) Holder s
Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise
any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise
as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other Persons acting
as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the
Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which
such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of
the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock
Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the
Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the
sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination of whether
this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of
this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to
verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall
within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The
Holder, upon not less than 61 days prior notice to the Company, may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
this Section 2(e) solely with respect to the Holder s Warrant, provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds
9.99 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any such increase will not
be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Holder may also decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e) solely with respect to the Holder s Warrant at any time, which decrease shall be effectively
immediately upon delivery of notice to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable
to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

4 

Section
3 . Certain Adjustments . 

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in
shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant or pursuant to any of the other Transaction Documents), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the
Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of
this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any
adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

(b) Subsequent
Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells
any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any
class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable
to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without
limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale
of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be
determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights provided , however , to the extent that the Holder s
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as
a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Purchase Rights will be made under this Section 3(d) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. 

(c) Pro
Rata Distributions . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall distribute to all holders of Common Stock
(and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock (which shall be subject to Section 3(d)), then in each such case the Exercise
Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of stockholders
entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned
above, and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less the then per share fair market value at such record date
of the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined
by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of the
portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one share of Common Stock. Such
adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned
above. 

5 

(d) Change of control transaction . 

(i) If,
at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions engages in
any transaction resulting in a change of control of the Company, then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence
of such change of control transaction (without regard to any limitation on the exercise of this Warrant), at the option of the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such change of control transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such change of control
transaction (without regard to any limitation on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such change of control transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise
Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate
Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a change of control
transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
following such change of control transaction. The Company shall not effect a change of control transaction unless it gives the Holder
at least 10 Trading Days prior notice together with sufficient details so the Holder can make an informed decision as to whether it elects
to accept the Alternative Consideration. If a public announcement of the change of control transaction has not been made, the notice
to the Holder may not be given until the Company files a Form 8-K or other report disclosing the change of control transaction. 

(ii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a change of control transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as
defined below) shall, at the Holder s option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the
consummation of the change of control transaction, purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash
equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such change
of control transaction or (ii) the positive difference between the cash per share paid in such change of control transaction minus
the then in effect Exercise Price. Black Scholes Value means the value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant
based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg L.P. determined as of
the day of consummation of the applicable change of control transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
the applicable change of control transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100 and
the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg L.P. as of the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable change of control transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be
the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in
such change of control transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
the applicable change of control transaction and the Termination Date. 

6 

(iii) If
Section 3(d)(i) and (ii) are not applicable, the Company shall cause any successor entity in a change of control transaction in which
the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under
this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d)(iii) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such change
of control transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor
Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable
and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such change of control transaction (without regard to any limitation on the exercise
of this Warrant), and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into
account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such change of control transaction and the value of such shares
of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value
of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such change of control transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such change of control transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to,
and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such change of control transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the
other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every
right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

(e) Calculations .
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

(f)
 Notice to Holder . 

(i) Adjustment
to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
email to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant
Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. The Holder may supply an email address to the Company
and change such address. 

7 

(ii) Notice
to Allow Exercise by the Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the
Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company
shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital
stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification
of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, or (E) the Company
shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case,
the Company shall deliver to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20
calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to email such notice or any defect therein or in the emailing thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries (as determined
in good faith by the Company), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on
Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

Section
4 . Transfer of Warrant . 

(a) Transferability .
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions hereo, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including,
without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office
of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Upon such surrender, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants
in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment,
and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly
be cancelled. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new Holder for the purchase of Warrant
Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b) New
Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company,
together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or
its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in
accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

8 

(c) Warrant
Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant
Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of
this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other
purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

Section
5 . Miscellaneous . 

(a) No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as
a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof other than as explicitly set forth in Section 3. 

(b) Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case
of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant
or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of
such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. In no event shall the Holder be required to deliver a bond or other
security. 

(c) Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day. 

(d) Authorized
Shares . The Company covenants that, upon amending its Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common
Stock, during the period this Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock, free of preemptive
rights the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be
issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by
this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof. 

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its Articles of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use best efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

9 

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

(e) Jurisdiction .
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined under New York
law. 

(f) Restrictions .
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered or if not exercised on
a cashless basis when Rule 144 (or any successor law or rule) is available, may have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal
securities laws. 

(g) Non-waiver
and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of the Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material
damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

(h) Notices .
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice information provided in the Convertible Note. 

(i) Limitation
of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant
Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase
price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the
Company. 

(j) Remedies .
The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss
incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate or that there is no irreparable harm and not to require the posting
of a bond or other security. 

(k) Successors
and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder.
The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable
by the Holder of Warrant Shares. 

(l) Amendment .
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

(m) Severability .
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant. 

(n) Headings .
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated. 

TRANSPORTATION
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 John
 Mercadante 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

11 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

TO: 
 TRANSPORTATION 
 AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS , INC. 

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _____________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer
taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or 

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below: 

(4) After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise, the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to: 

SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER 

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________ 

 Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity :_____________________________________________________ 

 Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________ 

 Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________ 

 Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

12 

ASSIGNMENT
FORM 

(To
assign the foregoing warrant, execute 

 this
form and supply required information. 

 Do
not use this form to exercise the warrant.) 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, _____all of or _______shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to ________________________________________________________whose
address is ________________________________________________________________ 

________________________________________________________________ 

Dated:
_______________, _________ 

Holder s
 Signature: 

Holder s
 Address: 

Signature
Guaranteed: _______________________________________ 

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary
or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant. 

13 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.11>
 3
 ex4-11.htm

Exhibit
4.11 

Description
of Our Securities 

 Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

The
following description is a description of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. s (the Company securities
registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

As
of December 2, 2024, the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, its common stock, par value
 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). 

The
following is a summary of information concerning capital stock of the Company. The summaries and descriptions below do not purport to
be complete statements of the relevant provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended,
(the Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the ByLaws ), and are entirely
qualified by these documents. 

Common
Stock 

Authorized
Shares. The Company is authorized to issue up to fifty billion (50,000,000,000) shares of Common Stock. 

Dividends .
Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of any of the Company s preferred stock, if any, the holders of Common Stock
are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds
legally available for the payment of dividends. 

Voting
Rights . Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share on matters voted on by the stockholders. 

Liquidation
Rights . Subject to any preferential rights of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock will share ratably in
all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of dissolution. As of December 2, 2024, (i) holders of
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to receive a liquidation preference equal to (A) 13.34 per share and/or
other property received by the Company pursuant to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (B) the same amount as holders of
Common Stock on an as-converted basis per share prior to any distribution or payment to the holders of Common Stock; (ii) holders of
shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock have the right, pari passu with the holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock,
to receive a liquidation preference equal to the sum of (A) the amount per share of the Common Stock divided by 10.00, (B) unpaid dividends
and (C) the same amount as a holder of the Common Stock on an as-converted basis; and (iii) holders of shares of Series H Convertible
Preferred Stock have the right to receive payment equal to holders of the Common Stock on an as-converted basis, preferential to such
holders of Common Stock, but subordinate to the rights of holders of any other series of Preferred Stock. 

Other
Rights . The shares of Common Stock are not subject to redemption by operation of a sinking fund or otherwise. Holders of shares of
Common Stock are not currently entitled to pre-emptive rights. 

Fully
Paid . The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Listing.
 The Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Expert Market under the symbol TLSS . 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit
10.11 

TRANSPORTATION
AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

Form
of Promissory Note (the Note 

Face Amount: 
 [Date] 

Jupiter,
Florida 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the
 Borrower ), promises to pay to the order of [_______], its successors or assigns (the
 Lender ), [______] (the Face Amount by the 6 month anniversary of the date hereof (the
 Maturity Date ), together with simple interest on the principal amount outstanding from time to time at the
interest rate of 10 per annum, calculated on the basis of actual days elapsed and a 365-day year (the Interest
Rate ), as provided herein or on such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided
hereunder. 

Section
1. Maturity; Interest . The Face Amount, together with accrued interest thereupon, shall become due and payable and shall be
repaid in cash in a single installment at the Maturity Date; provided, that this Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time
and from time-to-time upon three (3) prior business days written notice, without penalty. 

Section
2. Repayment . Repayment of the Note may occur as follows: (a) at the Maturity Date or (b) at such time as the Borrower and
the Lender may agree to effect repayment. So long as no Event of Default has occurred, such repayment shall satisfy Borrower s
obligations pursuant to this Note in full and this Note shall be of no further force and effect. This Note is not a convertible instrument
and has no contractual rights to convert into equity or any other securities of the Borrower. 

Section
3. Transferability . This Note and any of the rights granted hereunder are freely transferable or assignable by the Lender,
in whole or in part, in its sole discretion; provided, Lender shall have provided prior written notice to the Borrower. 

Section
4. Event of Default . 

(a)
In the event that any one of the following events shall occur (whatever the reason and whether
it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any
order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), it shall be deemed an Event of Default: 

(i)
Any default in the payment of the principal of, interest on or other charges in respect of this Note, or any other note issued by
the Borrower for the benefit of the Lender or any other creditor, as and when the same shall become due and payable; 

(ii) Borrower
shall fail to observe or perform any other material covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach or default
of any provision of this Note or any other agreement between the Borrower and the Lender or any other creditor; 

(iii) There
shall be a breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth in this Note or any transaction document executed contemporaneously
herewith, including without limitation, the Borrower s express representation that the purpose of this Note is to fund the Borrower s
direct costs to its auditor to enable such auditor to complete its review of the Company s quarterly securities filings, payment
to financial printers for Edgar filings, payment to the Company s transfer agent, and accounting; or 

(iv) Borrower,
shall commence, or there shall be commenced against Borrower any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect
or any successor thereto, or Borrower commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief
of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to
Borrower or there is commenced against Borrower any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period
of sixty (60) days; or Borrower is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or
proceeding is entered; or Borrower suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or
any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or Borrower makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or Borrower shall fail to pay or shall state that it is unable to pay or shall be liable to
pay, its debts as they become due or by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any
of the foregoing; or any corporate or other action is taken by the Borrower for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender shall give the Borrower notice of such occurrence, at which time the Borrower shall
have five (5) business days from receipt of such notice to pay the outstanding amount of the Note in full. In the event that full payment
is not made upon the expiry of a thirty (30) day period, a default penalty equal to 5.0 in excess of the Interest Rate hereunder of
the Face Amount per month during the period of Default (the Default Penalty shall apply to the entire amount of
the Note outstanding, including any accrued but unpaid interest. The Lender may then, at its sole discretion, declare the entire then-outstanding
Face Amount of this Note and any accrued but unpaid interest due hereunder immediately due and payable (a Default Declaration ),
in which event the Lender may, at its sole discretion, take any action it deems necessary to recover amounts due under this Note. 

(c) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Face Amount of the Note and any accrued
but unpaid interest due hereunder, all of Lender s costs, fees (including without limitation, reasonable attorney s fees
and disbursements), and expenses relating to collection and enforcement Note, including all costs and expenses incurred by it in enforcing
its rights under the Note and any transaction documents entered into contemporaneously herewith. 

(d) The
failure of the Lender to exercise any of its rights hereunder in any particular instance shall not constitute a waiver of the same or
of any other right in that or any subsequent instance with respect to the Lender or any subsequent holder. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE IS A COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION. BORROWER FURTHER WAIVES DILIGENCE, DEMAND, PRESENTMENT FOR PAYMENT, NOTICE
OF NONPAYMENT, PROTEST AND NOTICE OF PROTEST, AND NOTICE OF ANY RENEWALS OR EXTENSIONS OF THIS NOTE. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MAKES
THIS WAIVER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, WITHOUT DURESS AND ONLY AFTER CONSIDERATION OF RAMIFICATION THIS WAIVER WITH ITS ATTORNEYS. The
Lender may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other
remedies available to it under applicable law. The remedies available to the Lender upon the occurrence of an Event of Default shall
be cumulative. This Note is intended to be a negotiable instrument in accordance with Section 3-104 of the Uniform Commercial Code. 

Section
5. Notices . Any and all notices, service of process or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be given or
made pursuant to any of the provisions of this Note shall be deemed to have been duly given or made for all purposes when hand delivered
or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, overnight mail or courier as follows: 

If
to the Lender, at: 

[Address] 

 Attention: 

 E-mail: 

Or
such other address as may be given to the Borrower from time to time 

If
to Borrower, at: 

5500
Military Trail Ste 22-357 

 Jupiter,
FL 33458 

 Attention:
Sebastian Giordano 

 Email:

Or
such other address as may be given to the Lender from time to time 

Section
6. Usury . This Note is hereby expressly limited so that in no event whatsoever, whether by reason of acceleration of maturity
of the loan evidenced hereby or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Lender hereunder for the loan, use,
forbearance or detention of money exceed that permissible under applicable law. If at any time the performance of any provision of
this Note or of any other agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Note involves a payment exceeding the limit
of the interest that may be validly charged for the loan, use, forbearance or detention of money under applicable law, then
automatically and retroactively, ipso facto, the obligation to be performed shall be reduced to such limit, it being the specific
intent of the Borrower and the Lender that all payments under this Note are to be credited first to interest as permitted by law,
but not in excess of (i) the agreed rate of interest set forth herein or therein or (ii) that permitted by law,
whichever is the lesser, and the balance toward the reduction of principal. The provision of this Section 6 shall never be
superseded or waived and shall control every other provision of this Note and all other agreements and instruments between the
Borrower and the Lender entered into in connection with this Note. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower waives any
right to assert the defense of usury. 

Section
7. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial . This Note and the provisions hereof are to be construed according to and are governed
by the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Borrower agrees that the state and
federal courts sitting in Clark County, Nevada shall have exclusive jurisdiction in connection with any dispute concerning or
arising out of this Note or otherwise relating to the parties relationship. In any action, lawsuit or proceeding brought to
enforce or interpret the provisions of this Note and/or arising out of or relating to any dispute between the parties, the Lender
shall be entitled to recover all of its costs and expenses relating collection and enforcement of this Note (including without
limitation, reasonable attorney s fees and disbursements) in addition to any other relief to which the Lender may be entitled
and all costs of collection, including any legal fees associated with this Note will be paid by the Borrower. Each party agrees that
any process or notice to be served or delivered in connection with any action, lawsuit or proceeding brought hereunder may be
accomplished in accordance with the notice provisions set forth above or as otherwise provided by applicable law. BORROWER HEREBY
WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS NOTE. 

Section
8. Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable laws, this Note and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of Borrower and the successors and assigns of the Lender. 

Section
9. Amendment . This Note may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived only with the written consent of the
Lender. 

Section
10. Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Note shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Note shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Note. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Promissory Note to be duly executed by its authorized officer and/or such individual borrower
as of the date first above indicated. 

TRANSPORTATION AND LOGISTICS SYSTEMS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 

Title: 
 CEO 

SCHEDULE
TO EXHIBIT 10.11 

The
following table describes Promissory Notes between Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. TLSS and the investors
listed below, the forms of which are substantially identical in all material respects to the representative Promissory Note filed herewith,
except as set forth below, and are dated as of the respective dates listed below. The other Promissory Notes are omitted pursuant to
Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Name of Investor 
 Date of Agreement 
 Principal Amount 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund 
 8/12/2024 
 75,000 
 2/12/2025 
 
 Cavalry Fund I LP 
 8/12/2024 
 75,000 
 2/12/2025 
 
 Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund 
 10/9/2024 
 50,000 
 4/9/2025 
 
 Cavalry Fund I LP 
 10/9/2024 
 50,000 
 4/9/2025 
 
 Cavalry Fund I LP 
 11/22/2024 
 50,000 
 5/22/2025 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.15>
 5
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit
10.15 

FORM
OF PROMISSORY NOTE 

[
 ] 
 Date:
 [ ] 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc., a Nevada corporation Maker ), hereby promises to pay to the
order of [ ] Payee at [ ] or at such other place as the holder hereof may designate in writing, the principal sum of
 [ ], together with interest, from the date hereof, on the unpaid principal amount hereof outstanding from time to time at the rate per
annum equal to 12 (the Base Rate ), on the terms set forth herein. Payee may transfer this Note to any person, who shall
then be deemed to be Payee hereunder. 

Principal
outstanding and interest accrued and unpaid hereunder and any other amounts due hereunder shall be due and payable on [ ]. All amounts
paid hereunder shall be credited first to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, and then to the payment of outstanding principal.
Payment of principal, interest and any other sum due hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. This Note
may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty. 

All
amounts paid hereunder shall be credited first to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, and then to the payment of outstanding
principal. Payment of principal, interest and any other sum due hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America.
This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty provided that such prepayment is accompanied by a
notice of the amount being prepaid. 

Maker
covenants not to issue any instrument of indebtedness senior to this Note or secured by any assets of Maker, or, other than the Loans,
pari passu with this Note. 

If
any one or more of the following events (herein termed Events of Default shall happen: 

(a) 
 any
 payment of principal or interest hereunder is not paid when due; 

(b) 
 Maker
 shall: 

(i)
become insolvent or admit its inability, or become unable, to pay its debts generally as they become due, 

(ii)
file a petition for relief or for reorganization or for the adoption of an arrangement under the federal bankruptcy laws or any other
similar law or statute for the relief or aid of debtors of the United States of America or any State thereof, as now or hereinafter in
effect (the Bankruptcy Laws ), or an admission seeking the relief therein provided, or 

(iii)
have an order for relief entered against it under the Bankruptcy Laws or otherwise be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent; or 

(c)
if Maker defaults in the due observance of any material provision of this Note, and the same shall not be cured within 30 days of written
notice from Payee; or 

(d)
if Maker takes any action to terminate, liquidate or dissolve Maker, 

then
and in any such event, at any time thereafter, if any Event of Default shall then be continuing, Payee may by written notice to Maker
declare the principal, accrued interest and any other amounts owing under this Note to be immediately due and payable, and in such case
the same shall be paid immediately in full. Interest shall accrue on all amounts past due, whether or not an Event of Default has occurred,
at the rate per annum of the lesser of the Base Rate plus 5 or the highest rate permitted by law until paid. 

1 

In
case any one or more default hereunder or under any related document shall happen and be continuing, Payee may proceed to protect and
enforce Payee s rights either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both, whether for the specific performance of any covenant,
condition, or agreement contained in this Note or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Note or to enforce any other legal
or equitable right of Payee. After an Event of Default, Maker shall pay to Payee immediately upon written demand therefor any amounts
reasonably expended or incurred by Payee in collecting any amount due hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys 
fees and costs, whether or not any legal action is instituted in connection therewith, including interest on all such amounts from the
date demanded until the date paid at the rate per annum of the lesser of the Base Rate plus 5 or the highest rate permitted by law until
paid. Each and every remedy hereunder or at law or equity shall be cumulative, and Payee may exercise any such remedy or remedies together,
separately or in any combination at any time. 

This
Note (a) may not be changed, waived, discharged or terminated, nor may any provision(s) of it be waived, except by an instrument in writing
signed by the Payee and (b) shall be binding upon Maker and each of Maker s successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit
of and be enforceable by Payee and Payee s heirs and personal representatives. No promises or representations have been made by
Payee in connection herewith except as expressly set forth herein. Maker hereby waives presentment, demand, protest, notice of dishonor
and all other notices and demands, except as expressly set forth herein. 

This
Note shall be paid in full without any offset or deduction for any claim, counterclaim or defense of any kind whatsoever, the right to
raise any of which is waived by Maker. Because Maker has already received fair value in assets with a readily ascertainable value for
this Note (i.e., a cash advance), such waiver by Maker shall include any and all claims that Maker may have, whether known or not known
to Maker, for fraud or any related cause of action. Maker also hereby waives the right to trial by jury in any litigation related to
this Note. 

This
Note shall be construed and governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Florida applicable to contracts made and to be performed
therein. 

If
any provision of this Note is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and
effect. 

Maker
and Payee intend this Note to conform strictly to the usury and similar laws relating to interest and the collection of other charges
from time to time in force, and this Note is hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by acceleration
of maturity hereof or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid in the aggregate to Payee as interest or other charges hereunder
or under any other security agreement given to secure this Note, or in any other document evidencing, securing or pertaining to this
Note, exceed the maximum amount permissible under applicable usury or such other laws (the Maximum Amount ). If under any
circumstances whatsoever, fulfillment of any provision hereof, or any of such other related documents, at the time performance of such
provision shall be due, shall involve transcending the Maximum Amount, then ipso facto, the obligation to be fulfilled shall be reduced
to the Maximum Amount. For the purposes of calculating the actual amount of interest or other charges paid and/or payable hereunder,
in respect of laws pertaining to usury or such other laws, all charges and other sums paid or agreed to be paid hereunder to the holder
hereof for the use, forbearance or detention of the amount advanced, outstanding from time to time shall, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread from the date of disbursement of the proceeds reflected by this Note until
payment in full of all amounts under this Note, so that the actual rate of interest on account of the principal hereof is uniform through
the term hereof. The terms and provisions of this paragraph shall control and supersede every other provision of this Note. 

If
under any circumstances Payee shall ever receive an amount which would exceed the Maximum Amount, such amount shall be deemed a payment
in reduction of amounts owing hereunder and any other obligation of Maker in favor of Payee, and shall be so applied, or if such excessive
interest exceeds the unpaid balance owing hereunder and any other obligation of Maker in favor of Payee, then the excess shall be deemed
to have been a payment made by mistake and shall be refunded to Maker. 

Any
notice or communication required or sent in connection with this Note shall be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed as
set forth above. Any such address may be changed by sending notice of such change at least 10 days prior to the effective date of the
change. 

As
a further inducement to the Payee to accept this Note, Maker, acknowledging that Payee is relying on the covenants in this paragraph,
covenants and agrees that: in any action or proceeding brought on, under or in connection with or relating to this Note, any legal suit
arising out of or in connection with this Note may be instituted in any Federal or State Court in the State of Florida; Maker waives
any objection Maker may now or hereafter have to such venue in any legal suit; Maker irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any such
Court in any such suit; Maker agrees not to bring any such suit, action or other proceeding in any other jurisdiction; and Maker agrees
that service of process upon Maker may be made at Maker s address above by mailing to such address by certified mail, return receipt
requested, with an additional copy to such address by first class mail, and such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service
of process upon Maker in any such suit, action or proceeding in the State of Florida. 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker has caused this Note to be executed by its duly authorized officer on the day and year first above written. 

Transportation
and Logistics Systems, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Sebastian
 Giordano 

Title: 
 CEO 

State
 of New York) 

County
 of Rockland)ss.: 

3 

SCHEDULE
TO EXHIBIT 10.15 

The
following related parties of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. TLSS are parties to Promissory Notes with TLSS
which are substantially identical in all material respects to the representative Promissory Note filed herewith, except as set forth
below, and are dated as of the respective dates listed below. The other Promissory Notes are omitted pursuant to Instruction 2 to Item
601 of Regulation S-K. 

Name of Signatory 
 Relationship to the Company 
 Date of Agreement 
 Principal Amount 
 Maturity Date 
 
 John Mercadante 
 Director 
 4/17/2023 
 500,000 
 12/31/2023 
 
 Sebastian Giordano 
 Chairman CEO 
 4/21/2023 
 100,000 
 12/31/2023 
 
 John Mercadante 
 Director 
 10/3/2023 
 500,000 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Westmount Financial 
 Affiliate of John Mercadante 
 11/28/2023 
 60,000 
 11/27/2024 
 
 John Mercadante 
 Director 
 2/6/2024 
 64.534 
 2/5/2025 
 
 John Mercadante 
 Director 
 2/15/2024 
 319,194 
 2/14/2025 
 
 Norman Newton 
 Director 
 2/21/2024 
 1,000 
 9/30/2024 
 
 Charles Benton 
 Director 
 2/23/2024 
 3,109 
 2/5/2025 

4 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21>
 6
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Company
 Name 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 
 
 TLSS
 Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Shyp
 CX, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 Shyp
 FX, Inc. 
 
 New
 Jersey 
 
 JFK
 Cartage, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 TLSS-CE,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TLSS-STI,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Severance
 Trucking Co., Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 Severance
 Warehousing, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 McGrath
 Trailer Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Maine 
 
 TLSS
 Operations Holding Company, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 Under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 As
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Sebastian Giordano, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 December 5, 2024 
 Signature: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (Subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned principal executive officer and principal financial officer of Transportation and Logistics Systems, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 December 5, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sebastian Giordano 

Sebastian
 Giordano 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure
document. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tlss-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tlss-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tlss-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tlss-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

