<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241121_10-K_edgar_data_1666138_0001666138-24-000164.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26282124</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>404619</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>14525944</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5255253</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3023390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2718071</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001666138-24-000164.hdr.sgml : 20241121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120183745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001666138-24-000164
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		177
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atkore Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001666138
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				900631463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37793
		FILM NUMBER:		241481658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16100 SOUTH LATHROP AVENUE
		CITY:			HARVEY
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60426
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7083391610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16100 SOUTH LATHROP AVENUE
		CITY:			HARVEY
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60426

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Atkore International Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001666138-24-000164.txt : 20241121

10-K
 1
 atkr-20240930.htm
 10-K

atkr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Atkore International Group Inc. (Former name 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) Trading symbol (Name of Each Exchange on which Registered) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b)). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of Atkore Inc. held by non-affiliates as of the close of business as of March 29, 2024 was billion. 
 The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of November 19, 2024 was shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 32 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 32 
 Item 2. Properties 33 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 33 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 33 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 34 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 36 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 53 
 Item 8. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 55 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 96 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 96 
 Item 9B. Other Information 99 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 99 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 100 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 100 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 100 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 100 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 100 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 101 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 101 
 Exhibit Index 102 
 Signatures 105 

1 

Summary Risk Factors 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our performance may be impacted by general business and economic conditions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The non-residential construction industry accounts for a significant portion of our business, and a downturn in the non-residential construction industry could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The raw materials on which we depend in our production process may be subject to price increases which we may not be able to pass through to our customers, or to price decreases which may decrease the prices of our products. As a result, such price fluctuations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We operate in a competitive landscape, and increased competition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our operating results are sensitive to the availability and cost of freight and energy, which are important in the manufacture and transport of our products. 
 Interruptions in the proper functioning of our information technology IT systems, including from cybersecurity threats, could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs or decreases in revenues, or both. 
 Our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by the importation of similar products into the United States, as well as U.S. trade policy and practices. 
 Contracts for global mega projects are complex and often include risk profiles greater than those of our usual product sales. 
 We are directly and indirectly subject to legislative and regulatory changes that may affect demand for our products . 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by weather. 
 Labor disputes, increased labor costs or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations and impair our financial performance. 
 Our business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 We have incurred and continue to incur significant costs to comply with current and future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental and health and safety laws liability. 
 We rely on several customers for a significant portion of our net sales, and the loss of such customers, or their inability or unwillingness to pay our invoices on time could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our working capital requirements could result in us having lower cash available for, among other things, capital expenditures and acquisition financing. 
 We may be required to recognize goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived asset impairment charges. 
 The nature of our business exposes us to product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and litigation as well as other legal proceedings, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Widespread public health conditions including pandemics could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Climate change, and the regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations 
 We have financial obligations relating to pension plans that we maintain in the United States. 
 Unplanned outages at our facilities and other unforeseen disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We rely on the efforts of agents and distributors to generate sales of our products. 
 Our inability to introduce new products effectively or implement our innovation strategies could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 We are subject to certain safety and labor risks associated with the manufacturing and testing of our products. 
 2 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and we may become involved in intellectual property disputes. 
 We face risks associated with our international operations which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Changes in foreign laws and legal systems could materially impact our business. 
 Our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by our inability to acquire or import raw materials, component parts or finished goods from existing suppliers and significant increases in government regulation or restrictions relating to such imports. 
 In connection with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, we may become subject to liabilities and required to issue additional debt or equity. 
 We may be unable to identify, acquire, close or integrate acquisition targets successfully 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses, create complexities in our supply chain and damage our reputation with customers. 
 Our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial health. 
 Despite our indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantially more indebtedness, which may increase the risks created by our indebtedness. 
 Increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could reduce our profitability. 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings, outlook or watch assigned to our indebtedness by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 The agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. 
 Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay dividends depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Atkore Inc. is a holding company with no operations of its own, and it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all its operations and expenses, including to make future dividend payments, if any. 
 The timing and amount of the Company s share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes provisions limiting the personal liability of our directors for breaches of fiduciary duty under the DGCL. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 If we are unable to hire, engage and retain key personnel, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Future tax legislation could materially impact our business. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities which would rank senior to our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We may need to raise additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. 
 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 The following discussion of our business contains forward-looking statements, as discussed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations below. Our business, operations and financial position are subject to various risks as set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors below. The following information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and related notes and the Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Atkore Inc. (collectively with all its subsidiaries referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Atkore, the Company, we, us, and our was incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 4, 2010. As of September 30, 2024, Atkore was the sole stockholder of Atkore International, Inc. AII ). 
 
 We are a leading manufacturer of Electrical products primarily for the non-residential construction and renovation markets, as well as residential markets, and Safety Infrastructure products for the construction and industrial markets. The Electrical segment manufactures high quality products used in the construction of electrical power systems including conduit, cable, and installation accessories. This segment serves contractors in partnership with the electrical wholesale channel. The Safety Infrastructure segment designs and manufactures solutions including metal framing, mechanical pipe, perimeter security, and cable management for the protection and reliability of critical infrastructure. These solutions are marketed to contractors, original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), and end-users. We believe we hold #1 or #2 positions in the United States by net sales in a significant number of our products. The quality of our products, strength of our brands, our scale and national presence provide what we believe to be a unique set of competitive advantages that position us for profitable growth. 
 
 Our mission is to be the customer s first choice by providing unmatched quality, delivery, and value based on sustainable excellence in strategy, people, and processes. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 Atkore is committed to providing our customers with a safe, sustainable, and innovative portfolio of high quality electrical, mechanical, safety, and infrastructure products and solutions. In total, we serve several end-markets, including new non-residential construction, maintenance, repair and remodel MR R ), residential, OEM, and international markets. 
 
 We continuously seek to improve our product offerings and develop innovative new products that meet the changing needs of our customers, which include industry trends toward digital design tools and labor saving solutions. The majority of Atkore products have Building Information Modeling BIM models available for our customers use. 
 
 Significant product categories within our Electrical segment include metal electrical conduit and fittings, plastic pipe conduit and fittings, electrical cable and flexible conduit, and international cable management systems, which are critical components of the electrical infrastructure for new construction and MR R markets. Significant product categories within our Safety Infrastructure segment include mechanical tube, metal framing fittings, construction services and perimeter security. Our metal framing products are used in the installation of electrical systems and various support structures, and our mechanical tube products can commonly be found in solar applications. 
 
 4 

Atkore continues to invest to add capabilities and capacity to develop innovative products and solutions to make installation faster and easier. Recent examples of our innovation include the patented MC Glide Tuff armored cable, the winner of the EC M 2022 Product of the Year in the Wire Cable category, which facilitates faster and smoother pull through during installations; Eagle Basket, which quickly latches together; and Cellular Core Conduit, which bends easier than PVC conduit. 
 
 Customers 
 
 We are acutely aware of the importance of our equipment operating reliably, and we strive to deliver the safest, highest quality products. Our sales and marketing processes are primarily focused on serving our customers, including electrical, industrial and specialty distributors, who sell to contractors, and OEMs. We believe customers view Atkore as offering a strong value proposition based on our broad product offering, strong brands, short order cycle times, reliability and consistent product quality. For each of fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, approximately 88 , 90 , and 91 respectively, of our net sales were sold to customers located in the United States. Our net sales by geographic area were as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in millions) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 United States 2,818 3,150 3,553 International 384 369 361 Total 3,202 3,519 3,914 
 
 Atkore has a well-established customer base, which includes many of the largest companies in their categories. In fiscal 2024, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 40 of net sales. For Fiscal 2024 and 2023, one customer, Sonepar USA accounted for more than 10 of sales, and for 2022, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of sales. 
 
 Our customers include global electrical distributors (such as CED, Graybar Electric Company, Rexel, Sonepar S.A. and Wesco International, Inc.), independent electrical distributors including super-regional electrical distributors (such as U.S. Electrical Services Inc., Crescent Electric Supply Co. and United Electric Supply Company, Inc.) and members of buying groups (such as Affiliated Distributors, Inc., IMARK Group, Inc. and STAFDA) as well as industrial distributors and big-box retailers. We also support alternative energy OEMs, with many applications used in solar system infrastructure. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 We currently manufacture products in 42 facilities and operate a total footprint of approximately 8.5 million square feet of manufacturing and distribution space in eight countries. Our headquarters are located in Harvey, Illinois, which is also the location of our largest manufacturing facility. Similar to our distribution footprint, our manufacturing footprint is currently concentrated in the United States, with additional facilities in Australia, Belgium, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 With respect to our tube and conduit products, we believe we are a technology leader in the in-line galvanizing manufacturing process and have developed specialized equipment that enables us to produce a variety of low-cost high-quality galvanized tube products. For example, our subsidiary, Allied Tube Conduit Corporation, or Allied Tube, developed an in-line galvanizing technique (Flo-Coat) in which zinc is applied in a continuous process when the tube and pipe are formed. The Flo-Coat galvanizing process provides superior zinc coverage of fabricated metal products for rust prevention and lower cost manufacturing than traditional hot-dip galvanizing. Another example is our Cellular Core conduit, which employs a co-extrusion process to create three firmly bonded layers with the inner layer as a cellular core, creating a conduit that weighs less and is more flexible while meeting UL standards. 

5 

Suppliers and Raw Materials 
 
 We use a variety of raw materials in manufacturing our products. Our primary raw materials are steel, copper, polyvinyl chloride PVC resin and high density polyethylene HDPE though industry supply interruptions have occurred in the past for limited periods of time. We believe that sources for these raw materials are well-established, generally available and are in sufficient quantity that we may avoid disruption to our business if we encounter an interruption from one of our existing suppliers. Our primary suppliers of steel are Cleveland-Cliffs, Steel Dynamics and Nucor; our primary suppliers of copper are AmRod, SDI LaFarga and Nexans; and our primary suppliers of PVC resin are Westlake, Formosa and Oxy Vinyls; and our primary suppliers of HDPE resin are LyondellBasell and Baystar. We strive to maintain strong relationships with our suppliers. 
 
 Responsible sourcing and supply chain management are critical to Atkore s ability to provide high quality products to our customers. We expect our suppliers to carry out Atkore s values and commitments by using resources responsibly, reducing the environmental footprint of their operations whenever possible, and upholding fair employment and human rights principles as outlined in our Supplier Integrity and Sustainability Standards. 
 
 Distribution 
 
 Atkore adds value to the customer experience with a comprehensive portfolio of electrical products and strategically located regional service centers. Additionally, we drive value for our customers through a single order across our broad product portfolio coupled with services like our ReliaRoutes hub-and-spoke fixed trucking lanes and technologies like our mobile app to track orders and schedule pickups. 
 
 We primarily sell and distribute our products through electrical, industrial and specialty distributors and OEMs. For many of the more than 12,000 electrical-distributor branches in the United States, our products are must-stock lines that form a staple of their business. We serve a diverse group of end markets, including new construction, MR R and infrastructure, diversified industrials, alternative power generation, healthcare, data centers and government. End-users, who are typically electrical, industrial and mechanical contractors as well as OEMs, install our products during non-residential, residential and infrastructure construction and renovation projects or in assembly and manufacturing processes. 
 
 Distribution-based sales accounted for approximately 83 of our net sales in fiscal 2024. We distribute our products to electrical and industrial distributors from our manufacturing and distribution facilities as well as from over 33 dedicated distribution facilities operated by our agents. Our products are also stocked by electrical and industrial distributors who are located across the United States. Some of our products are purchased by OEMs and used as part of their products and solutions in applications such as utility solar framing, and conveyor systems. OEM sales accounted for approximately 13 of our net sales for fiscal 2024. 
 
 Our distribution footprint is concentrated in North America (the United States and Canada), with additional facilities in Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 In a typical year, our operating results are impacted by seasonality. Weather can impact the ability to pursue non-residential construction projects at any time of the year in any geography, but historically, our slowest quarters have been the first and second fiscal quarters of each fiscal year when frozen ground and cold temperatures in many parts of the country can impede the start and pursuit of construction projects. Sales of our products have historically been higher in the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year due to favorable weather and longer daylight conditions during these periods. Seasonal variations in operating results may also be significantly impacted by inclement weather conditions, such as cold or wet weather, which can delay construction projects. 

6 

Marketing 
 
 Our marketing efforts are focused on key stakeholder audiences including electrical and industrial distributors, contractors, engineers, government entities, and OEM customers. These combined efforts communicate the value proposition of the overall Atkore brand by bringing together complementary solutions in our portfolio while reinforcing the individual value propositions of our leading sub-brands such as Allied Tube Conduit, AFC Cable Systems, Kaf-Tech, Heritage Plastics, Unistrut, Power-Strut, Cope, US Tray, FRE Composites, United Poly Systems, Calbond and Calpipe. 
 
 Atkore sales are enabled through external commissioned sales agents and internal sales teams that drive customer acquisition and retention. Our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions is continually enhanced by driving innovation into our markets with new product introductions, such as the digital tools that support project design and selection. 
 
 Prompted by evolving customer needs in an increasingly competitive, cost-and-efficiency conscious construction industry, we refreshed our branding strategy in 2020 from a house of brands to a branded house, uniting all brands under one master brand, Atkore, and adopted the Building Better Together theme to demonstrate how we work with our customers and our customers customers. An indicator of the effectiveness of our marketing and branding strategy is the marketplace recognition Atkore has garnered through several awards in the last 2 years, including the tED Best of the Best Award for Marketing Excellence, an AD Electrical Marketing Excellence Award, and a tED Advertising Award. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our principal competitors range from national manufacturers to smaller regional manufacturers and differ by each of our product lines. We also face competition from manufacturers in Canada, Mexico and several other international markets, depending on the product. We believe our customers purchase from us because we provide value through the quality of our products, the breadth of our portfolio and the timeliness of our delivery. Competitive pressures are generally in the areas of product offering, product innovation, quality, service and price. 
 
 The main competitors in each of these segments are listed below: 
 
 Electrical: Zekelman Industries, Inc., Mitsubishi Corporation, Nucor Corporation, Southwire Company, LLC, Dura-Line Corporation, and Prysmian. 
 
 Safety Infrastructure : Zekelman Industries, Inc., Eaton Corporation plc, ABB Ltd., Hubbell Incorporated, nVent Electric plc., and Haydon Corporation 
 
 Management of Information Technology Systems 
 
 Historically, information technology has not been a significant differentiator for us in our markets, however, we believe that the ease of doing business with us will become increasingly important to our growth and are making significant investments to improve our operations and provide valuable solutions for our customers. Over the past seven years, Atkore has made significant investments in technology to improve our business and provide value to our customers. 
 
 Currently, we operate our business using commercially available hardware and software products with well-developed support services. These commercially available software products include the Company s general ledger and financial reporting system. The Company s email service and various other information technology services are on cloud computing platforms hosted by various prominent and reputable technology companies. Beginning in 2019, the Company began to standardize its ERP and has completed the implementation of modules for order management, advanced warehouse management, inventory management, accounts receivable and accounts payable across significant portions of the business. The Company continues to implement this ERP as it integrates acquired businesses. 
 
 7 

In today s business environment, cybersecurity is of paramount importance and Atkore has also invested significantly to strengthen our cybersecurity posture. 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 Culture 
 
 Atkore believes that a culture of engagement and alignment drives continuous improvement, enhances our customers experience, and delivers strong performance. 
 
 We aim to foster a workplace where our employees feel aligned with our mission, proud of our culture and engaged in their work. Our annual Employee Engagement and Alignment Survey is one of our primary tools to assess our performance as an employer of choice and to measure employee engagement and satisfaction. 
 
 Atkore operates under a set of core values, which are Accountability, Teamwork, Integrity, Respect and Excellence and under the Atkore Business System, which prioritizes Strategy, People and Processes, the fundamentals of how we Build Better Together. Our culture provides employees with opportunities for personal and professional development as well as community engagement, all of which contribute to our Company s overall success. In addition to many other awards. In 2024, Atkore was recognized as a Great Place to Work-Certified TM company for the fourth year in a row. 
 
 Employee Base 
 
 We believe our relationship with our employees is good. As of September 30, 2024, we employed approximately 5,600 full-time equivalent employees of whom approximately 6 are temporary or contract workers. Our employees are primarily located in the United States, with about 14 employed at our international locations in Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 20 of our domestic and international employees were represented by a union under a collective bargaining agreement. All unions are either located in the United States or Canada with no unions or Worker s Councils at any of our other locations abroad. 
 
 From time to time, our collective bargaining agreements expire and come up for re-negotiations. Our Harvey, Illinois collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers Union, which represents approximately 367 employees expired in April 2024. The United Steelworkers Union employees have continued to work thus far during negotiations, which are ongoing. 
 
 Safety, Health and Well-Being 
 
 At Atkore, nothing is more important than the safety and well-being of our people. We seek to ensure that employees, customers, contractors, and visitors to our facilities go home safely at the end of each day, and we empower everyone to proactively identify and eliminate risks to promote an injury-free and incident-free workplace. 
 
 In 2021, we launched our new safety brand Let s Make It Home, a safety program encompassing our commitment to safety and reinforcing the importance of living our values in order to create a workplace where everyone feels respected, appreciated and safe. Developed by and for employees, Let s Make It Home makes safety at Atkore personal and reminds everyone that safety is integral to every action. 
 
 In 2021, we also introduced updates to our Life Saving Rules, which provide additional guidance on the actions every employee must take to ensure safe practices across our operations. All employees are required to certify compliance with the Life Saving Rules annually. Additionally, our employees are required to receive Atkore Kore Training and Safety Alerts, which cover high-hazard occupational safety concerns and compliance with both internal and external safety and environmental permits. Every one of our sites completes a self-assessment and certification of completion. 
 8 

We believe Atkore s investments in safety, health and well-being are critical to supporting and protecting our most important asset: our people. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 At Atkore, we believe that diversity of all types contributes to our success and that our differences make us better. We believe that supporting a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace fosters a culture of openness and innovation. Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DE I is embedded throughout the company with a range of programs driven by our DE I Roadmap, which helps us identify and execute specific actions and monitor our progress toward a workplace where all employees feel they belong and are empowered to do their best work. 
 
 In 2023, we expanded the scope DE I related training offerings, building upon our required unconscious bias training for salaried and hourly employees and reflecting our ambition to embed equity and inclusion across our business. In 2022, we also expanded our anti-harassment policy to expressly prohibit bullying, in addition to discrimination and all forms of harassment, and all Atkore employees are required to complete anti-harassment training. Our DE I Steering Committee sponsored a number of community events and contributions in 2024, including back-to-school backpack drives for lower social-economic communities, and engagement with a variety of LGBTQIA+ community organizations, including as a sponsor for the Center on Halsted's annual gala and career fair in Chicago, Illinois. 
 
 We regularly evaluate our progress on DE I across the company. During 2023, we expanded our DE I reach by introducing location Diversity, Equity and Inclusion champions at many of our locations globally. These champions provide support by bringing greater awareness of DE I initiatives at a local level and driving many internal and community-based activities. Each of our employees is encouraged to bring their uniqueness to the Company, which unlocks their individual potential and Atkore s organizational potential. 
 
 Talent Development and Retention 
 
 Our ability to successfully operate, grow and implement key business strategies is dependent upon our ability to attract, develop and retain talented employees at all levels of our organization. As part of our human capital resource objectives, we support our employees by using strategic workforce planning to forecast future needs, building, and leveraging an inclusive leadership mindset, and applying a robust talent management process, including our onboarding and immersion program and our monthly organizational leadership review cadence. 
 
 We provide opportunities for advancement through rotational and stretch assignments and best practice leadership roles. In fiscal 2024, approximately 22 of our total positions filled came from internal promotions, highlighting our commitment to developing our employees. 
 
 Our successful ALDP program continues to generate talented leaders. This program provides recent graduates with the opportunity to navigate through a robust two-year rotational program, designed to teach and develop key skills while working within various functions of the organization. 
 
 The Company rewards employees with competitive compensation and benefits packages, including attractive medical plans, retirement plans, opportunities for annual bonuses and, for eligible employees, long-term incentives and equity-based compensation. The Company believes our compensation program allows us to attract and retain talented employees. 
 
 Engagement and Alignment 
 
 We have a culture of engagement and alignment and believe fully engaged employees stay focused on being a standout leader, support the decisions of the leadership team and strive for breakthrough results. An aligned employee lives our mission and values, learns our strategic priorities and links their individual goals to those priorities. Our 2024 engagement and alignment survey had an overall 
 9 

participation rate of 81 . In fiscal 2024, 73 of our hourly workforce participated in the survey, compared to 72 of hourly employees in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Human Rights 
 
 Atkore is committed to supporting human rights and fair labor practices. We will not tolerate human rights abuses of any kind, including human trafficking, child labor or incidents of corruption within our company or supply chain. Employees are encouraged to report any potential violations or concerns, and all reports are promptly and impartially investigated. 
 
 Our Human Rights Policy defines our dedication to protecting human rights and is driven by our core values and is aligned with national and international principles of human rights. In fiscal 2023, we launched Human Trafficking Awareness and Prevention training for all salaried employees. 
 
 Atkore s Supplier Integrity and Sustainability Standards set forth our expectation that suppliers uphold our commitment to human rights. In 2021, we launched our Supplier Business Review Agenda with several of our largest suppliers to ensure our partners could conduct business in alignment with our values. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Patents and other proprietary rights can be important to our business. We also rely on trade secrets, manufacturing know-how, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to maintain and improve our competitive position. We periodically review third-party proprietary rights, including patents and patent applications, in an effort to avoid infringement of third-party proprietary rights, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the intellectual property claims of others. 
 
 We own a portfolio of patents and trademarks. Other than licenses to commercially available third-party software, we do not believe that any of our licenses to third-party intellectual property are material to our business taken as a whole. Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. We rely on both trademark registration and common law protection for trademarks. Trademark rights may potentially extend indefinitely and are dependent upon national laws and use of the trademarks. 
 
 While we consider our patents and trademarks to be valuable assets, we do not believe that our competitive position is dependent on patent or trademark protection or that our operations are dependent upon any single patent or group of related patents. We nevertheless face intellectual property-related risks. For more information on these risks, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights in foreign countries, and we may become involved in intellectual property disputes. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 
 Our facilities are subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. regulations including the protection of human health, safety and the environment. Among other things, these laws govern the use, storage, treatment, transportation, disposal and management of hazardous substances and wastes; regulate emissions or discharges of pollutants or other substances into the air, water, or otherwise into the environment; impose liability for the costs of investigating and remediating, and damages resulting from, present and past releases of hazardous substances and protect the health and safety of our employees. 
 
 We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, capital expenditures in addition to ordinary course costs to comply with applicable current and future environmental, health and safety laws, such as those governing air emissions, wastewater discharges and waste disposal. In addition, government agencies could impose conditions or other restrictions in our environmental permits which increase our costs. These laws are subject to change, which can be frequent and material. More stringent federal, state or local environmental rules or regulations could increase our operating costs and expenses. 
 10 

The cost of compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and capital expenditures required to meet regulatory requirements is not anticipated to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position. 
 
 In October 2013, the State of Illinois filed a complaint against our subsidiary Allied Tube, alleging violations of the Illinois Environmental Protection Act, or the IEPA, relating to discharges to a storm sewer system that terminates at Allied Tube s Harvey, Illinois manufacturing facility. The State sought an injunction ordering Allied Tube to take immediate corrective action to abate the alleged violations and civil penalties as permitted by applicable law. Allied Tube has reviewed management practices and made improvements to its diesel fuel storage and truck maintenance areas to resolve the State s claims. We entered into a consent order that required Allied Tube to pay a nominal penalty, install base low-flow oil and water separation equipment and take certain additional remedial actions to resolve the State s claim. The installation of the low-flow oil and water separation equipment is complete; however, the State is now requiring additional remedial investigation and remediation activities before considering a no further action determination and it has extended the deadline to perform all such activity through December 2025. We do not currently expect that any remaining obligations would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In August 2014, we received from the IEPA the terms of a proposed new stormwater discharge permit for our Harvey, Illinois manufacturing facility. Because the facility did not meet the zinc limit set forth in the proposed permit, the Company commenced negotiations with the IEPA to agree upon mutually acceptable discharge limits. During these negotiations, the facility was operating under an extension of the terms of our existing stormwater discharge permit. In October 2016, we received the final permit. A mutually agreed upon compliance plan was part of the permit. The compliance plan included studies to reduce zinc emitted from galvanizing manufacturing operations, implementation of more rigorous discharge management practices, evaluation of the installation of passive/cost effective stormwater treatment and receiving stream studies to determine if a less stringent permit limit would be as protective of the water system as the October 2016 permit limit. The permit was modified in December 2019 to accommodate trials of a metal coating technology that would nearly eliminate the largest source of zinc emissions from our galvanizing operations. Although the metal coating trials were not successful, we have completed the installation of zinc treatment systems for the storm water discharges, are further reducing the zinc emitted from the galvanizing manufacturing operations and are capturing stormwater for treatment and use in our manufacturing process. A new permit was issued August 5, 2021 that included a less stringent permit limit based on the receiving stream evaluation, which also included a one-year start-up / shake-down period to meet the new zinc limit. We continued to keep the IEPA informed on our progress. The facility achieved intermittent compliance during the one-year start-up / shake-down period and throughout the remainder of 2022, and into 2023. Discussions were held with the IEPA regarding the zinc translator constant and the mixing zone study over the summer. Based on the updated stormwater calculations, the IEPA has agreed to a less-stringent permit limit for zinc (1.84 mg/L vs 1.15 mg/L). Ongoing compliance with the stormwater discharge permit is not expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We are continually investigating, remediating or addressing contamination at our current and former facilities. For example, we are currently monitoring and passively remediating groundwater contamination at our Wayne, Michigan facility. Future investigation and remediation activities may be required to address contamination at or migrating from the Wayne, Michigan site as well as addressing vapor intrusion issues at nearby residences. We have maintained good working relationships with the State of Michigan Department of Environment, Great Lakes, Energy, the City of Wayne and the residents surrounding our facility. We hold periodic public meetings to keep the community apprised of the current monitoring data and the remedial efforts taken or planned. We do not expect planned remedial efforts to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Many of our current and former facilities have a history of industrial usage for which additional investigation and remediation obligations could arise in the future and which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 11 

Available Information 
 
 We make available free of charge through our website, http://investors.atkore.com/sec-filings, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, other reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), and all amendments to those reports simultaneously or as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our reports are also available free of charge on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov. References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not constitute an incorporation by reference of any of the information found on our website, and such information is not a part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the factors described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are important to understanding the contents of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and of other reports. Our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely impact our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our performance may be impacted by general business and economic conditions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The success of our business is affected by a number of general business and economic conditions. Our primary end markets are new non-residential construction, MR R, residential, OEM, and international markets. Decrease in global economic activity may result in downturns or periods of economic weakness in our primary end markets. Such decreases may be instigated by factors beyond our control, including economic recessions, fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates, supply chain disruptions, inflation, availability of raw materials and other items sourced for production and delivery of finished product, changes in end-user preferences, consumer confidence, public health conditions, including epidemics or pandemics, availability of credit, business office usage and changes in the fiscal or monetary policies of governments in the regions in which we operate. In turn, we may experience diminished demand for our products, which could create excess capacity and reduce the prices which we are able to charge for our products. The materialization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 During the United States economic recession which began in the second half of 2007 and continued through June of 2009, demand for our products declined significantly. Another economic downturn in any of the markets we serve may result in a reduction of sales and pricing for our products. Any such economic downturn could also adversely affect the creditworthiness of our customers. If the creditworthiness of our customers declines, we could face increased credit risk and some, or many, of our customers may not be able to pay us amounts when they become due. Economic downturns may also result in restructuring actions and associated expenses and the impairment of long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangibles. In particular, we may be forced to close underperforming facilities. Any such restructuring actions, combined with reduced demand and excess capacity, could negatively impact our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We cannot predict economic conditions, or the timing or strength of demand in our markets. Weakness in the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 12 

The non-residential construction industry accounts for a significant portion of our business, and a downturn in the non-residential construction industry could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our business is largely dependent on the non-residential construction industry. For new construction, we estimate that our product installation typically lags United States non-residential starts by six to twelve months. The United States non-residential construction industry is cyclical, with product demand based on numerous factors such as availability of credit, interest rates, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and other factors that are beyond our control. United States non-residential construction starts, as reported by Dodge, reached a historic low of 690 million square feet in our fiscal 2010 and increased to 1,265 million square feet in our fiscal 2024, which was above historical average levels. 
 
 From time to time we have been adversely affected in various parts of the country by declines in non-residential building construction starts due to, among other things, supply chain disruptions and availability of construction labor and materials, changes in tax laws affecting the real estate industry, interest rate increases, governmental restrictions relating to public health conditions and business office usage. Continued uncertainty about current economic conditions will continue to pose a risk to our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, as participants in this industry may postpone spending in response to negative financial news or declines in income or asset values, which could have a continued material negative effect on the demand for our products. 
 
 The raw materials on which we depend in our production process may be subject to price increases which we may not be able to pass through to our customers, or to price decreases which may decrease the prices of our products. As a result, such price fluctuations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our results of operations are impacted by changes in commodity prices, primarily steel, copper and resin. Historically, we have not engaged in material hedging strategies for raw material purchases. Substantially all of the products we sell (such as steel conduit, tubing and framing, copper wiring in our cables, and PVC and HDPE conduit) are subject to price fluctuations because they are composed primarily of steel, copper or resin, industrial commodities that are subject to price volatility. This volatility can significantly affect our gross profit. We also watch the market trends of certain other commodities, such as zinc (used in the galvanization process for a number of our products), electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel, as such commodities can be important to us as they impact our cost of sales, both directly through our plant operations and indirectly through transportation and freight expense. 
 
 We may not always be completely successful in managing raw material market fluctuations in the future. We generally sell our products on a spot basis (and not under long-term contracts). Accordingly, in periods of declining raw material prices, we may face pricing pressure from our customers to reduce our products prices. Conversely, in periods of increasing raw material prices, we may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers. Our inability to maintain established price levels in an environment of declining raw material prices, or offset increasing raw material prices by our products prices, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We operate in a competitive landscape, and increased competition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The principal markets that we serve are highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on product offering, product innovation, quality, service and price. Our principal competitors range from national manufacturers to smaller regional manufacturers and differ by each of our product lines. See Item 1, Business Competition. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than we do and some may have more established brand names in the markets we serve. The actions of our competitors, including adding production capacity and the expansion of imported products, may encourage us to lower our prices or to offer additional services or enhanced products at a higher cost to us, which could reduce our gross profit, net income or cash flows or may cause us to lose market share. 
 13 

Any of these consequences could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our operating results are sensitive to the availability and cost of freight and energy, which are important in the manufacture and transport of our products. 
 
 We are dependent on third-party freight carriers to transport many of our products. Our access to third-party freight carriers is not guaranteed, and we may be unable to transport our products at economically attractive rates in certain circumstances, particularly in cases of adverse market conditions or disruptions to transportation infrastructure. Our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to pass all of the cost increases on to our customers, if we are unable to obtain the necessary energy supplies or if freight carrier capacity in our geographic markets were to decline significantly or otherwise become unavailable. 
 
 Interruptions in the proper functioning of our information technology IT systems and the IT systems of those with whom we do business, including from cybersecurity threats, could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs or decreases in revenues, or both. 
 
 We use our IT systems to, among other things, run and manage our manufacturing operations, manage inventories and accounts receivable, make purchasing decisions and monitor our results of operations, and process, transmit and store sensitive electronic data, including employee, supplier and customer records. As a result, the proper functioning of our IT systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Our information systems include proprietary systems developed and maintained by us. In addition, we depend on IT systems of third parties, such as suppliers, retailers and OEMs to, among other things, market and distribute our products, develop new products and services, operate our website, host and manage our services, store data, process transactions, respond to customer inquiries and manage inventory and our supply chain. Although our IT systems are protected through physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities exist, our IT systems or those of third parties whom we depend upon are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures and other problems. If critical proprietary or third-party IT systems fail or are otherwise unavailable, including as a result of system upgrades and transitions, our ability to manufacture, process orders, track credit risk, identify business opportunities, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses and otherwise manage our business would be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is also vulnerable to cyberattacks. Cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are becoming more sophisticated and more frequent and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data (either directly or through our vendors) for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption, denial of service attacks, phishing, untargeted but sophisticated and automated attacks and other disruptive software campaigns. We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to potential damage from cybersecurity attacks. Despite our security measures, our IT systems and infrastructure or those of our third parties may be vulnerable to such cyber incidents. The result of these incidents could include, but are not limited to, disrupted operations, misstated or misappropriated financial data, theft of our intellectual property or other confidential information (including of our customers, suppliers and employees), liability for stolen assets or information, increased cyber security protection costs and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. In addition, if any information about our customers, including payment information, were the subject of a successful cybersecurity attack against us, we could be subject to litigation or other claims by the affected customers. We have incurred costs and may incur significant additional costs in order to implement the security measures we feel are appropriate to protect our IT systems. See Item 1C, Cybersecurity. 
 
 When the networks of our business partners are comprised, this also raises risks regarding payments and orders. 
 
 14 

Our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by the importation of similar products into the United States, as well as U.S. trade policy and practices. 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is generated through our operations in the United States. Imports of products similar to those manufactured by us may reduce the volume of products sold by domestic producers and depress the selling prices of our products and those of our competitors. 
 
 We believe import levels are affected by, among other things, overall worldwide product demand, the trade practices of the U.S. and foreign governments, the cost of freight, the challenges involved in shipping, government subsidies to foreign producers and governmentally imposed trade restrictions, such as quotas, tariffs, other trade barriers in the United States and government enforcement of such quotas, tariffs and trade barriers. Increased imports of products similar to those manufactured by us in the United States could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Contracts for global mega projects are complex and often include risk profiles greater than those of our usual product sales. 
 
 Our products can be assembled into interconnected skids to support plant operations and such assemblies have become accepted and used in the designs and construction of large scale manufacturing plants and data centers. The scale of these projects can push our products and services to over tens of millions of dollars or more. Supplying these complex assemblies poses unique challenges, which if not carefully discharged could subject us to warranty, indemnity and other contract obligations that could have a material affect on our results of operations. 
 
 We are directly and indirectly subject to legislative and regulatory changes that may affect demand for our products. 
 
 The markets for certain of our products are influenced by federal, state, local and international governmental regulations, trade policies and trade groups (such as the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), other infrastructure legislation, Buy America regulations, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Underwriters Laboratories, National Electrical Code and American Society of Mechanical Engineers) as well as other policies, including those imposed on the non-residential construction industry (such as the National Electrical Code and corresponding state and local laws based on the National Electrical Code). These regulations and policies are subject to change. Any changes to such regulations, laws and policies could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Specifically, changes to the National Electrical Code and any similar state, local or non-U.S. laws, including changes that would allow for alternative products to be used in the non-residential construction industry or that would render less restrictive or otherwise reduce the current requirements under such laws and regulations, could expand the scope of products which could serve as alternatives to our products. As a result, competition in the industries in which we operate could increase, with a potential corresponding decrease in the demand for our products. To remain competitive, we may be forced to reduce the prices of our products. 
 
 In addition, in the event that changes in such laws would render current requirements more restrictive, we may be required to change our products or production processes to meet such increased restrictions, which could result in increased costs and cause us to lose market share. 
 
 The materialization of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by weather. 
 
 Although weather patterns affect our operating results throughout the year, adverse weather historically has reduced construction activity in our first and second fiscal quarters as construction activity declines due to inclement weather, frozen ground and shorter daylight hours. In contrast, our 
 15 

highest volume of net sales historically has occurred in our third and fourth fiscal quarters. If hurricanes, severe storms, floods, other natural disasters or similar events occur in the geographic regions in which we or our suppliers operate or through which deliveries must travel, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Labor disputes, increased labor costs or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations and impair our financial performance. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately 20 of our domestic and international employees were represented with a collective bargaining agreement by labor unions. Several collective bargaining agreements to which the Company is a party, including the agreement covering the Company s production in Harvey, Illinois, will expire in 2024. Work stoppages or production interruptions could occur at our facilities or our suppliers facilities. Such disputes may arise under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining agreements, as a result of supplier financial distress or for other reasons. Any amendments to existing collective bargaining agreements, or the implementation of new collective bargaining agreements, could result in increased labor costs. 
 
 Any organizing efforts, significant work stoppages or increases in labor costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Item 1, Business Human Capital Resources. 
 
 Our business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 
 The Company s success is dependent on our employees, so it s critical that we continue to attract and retain talent. To accomplish this, the Company needs to offer a total rewards package that includes competitive benefits and pay, reflecting our long-term commitment to the well-being of our employees. Efforts to attract talent to fill open roles in light of recent constrained labor availability may take more time than in the past and may cost the Company significantly more than in recent years. Moreover, the constrained labor conditions may mean that retention of existing talent may require significant additional pay and incentives. 
 
 We have incurred and continue to incur significant costs to comply with current and future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental and health and safety laws liability. 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental laws governing, among other things, the generation, use, storage, treatment, transportation, disposal and management of hazardous substances and wastes, emissions or discharges of pollutants or other substances into the environment, investigation and remediation of, and damages resulting from, releases of hazardous substances. 
 
 Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements could result in civil or criminal fines or penalties, enforcement actions, and regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures such as the installation of pollution control equipment, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Accordingly, compliance with these laws, regulations, permits and approvals is a significant factor in our business. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, capital expenditures in addition to ordinary course costs to comply with applicable current and future environmental laws, such as those governing air emissions and wastewater discharges. These laws are subject to change, which could be frequent and material. The imposition of more stringent federal, state or local environmental rules or regulations could increase our operating costs and expenses. In addition, government agencies could impose conditions or other restrictions in our environmental permits which increase our costs. 
 
 16 

From time to time, we may be held liable for the costs to address contamination at any real property we have ever owned, operated or used in our business activities or as a disposal site. We are currently, and may in the future be, required to investigate, remediate or otherwise address contamination at our current or former facilities. Many of our current and former facilities have a history of industrial usage for which additional investigation, remediation or other obligations could arise in the future and that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For example, as we sell, close or otherwise dispose of facilities, we may need to address environmental issues at such sites, including any previously unknown contamination. 
 
 We could be subject to third-party claims for property damage and nuisance or otherwise as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws or in connection with releases of hazardous or other materials at any current or former facility. We could also be subject to environmental indemnification or other claims in connection with assets and businesses that we have divested. 
 
 We are also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign requirements concerning health and safety conditions at our manufacturing facilities, including those promulgated by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ). The operation of manufacturing facilities involves many risks, including the failure or substandard performance of equipment, suspension of operations and new governmental statues, regulations, guidelines and policies. Our and our customers operations are also subject to various hazards incidental to the production, use, handling, processing, storage and transportation of certain hazardous materials. These hazards can cause personal injury, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. Furthermore, we may become subject to claims with respect to workplace exposure, personal injury, workers compensation and other matters. We may be subject to material financial penalties or liabilities for noncompliance with health and safety requirements, as well as potential business disruption, if any of our facilities or a portion of any facility is required to be temporarily closed as a result of any significant injury or any noncompliance with applicable requirements. Moreover, we have sustained capital expenditure in complying with applicable health and safety laws and regulations, and any changes to such laws and regulations could increase our costs of operations. 
 
 We cannot assure you that any costs relating to future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental, health and safety laws, as well as costs to address contamination or environmental claims, will not exceed any current estimates or adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Any unanticipated liabilities or obligations arising, for example, out of discovery of previously unknown conditions or changes in law or enforcement policies, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We rely on several customers for a significant portion of our net sales, and the loss of such customers, or their inability or unwillingness to pay our invoices on time could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Certain of our customers, in particular buying groups representing consortia of independent electrical distributors, national electrical distributors, OEMs and data center, medical center and global mega manufacturing project general contractors are material to our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows because they account for a significant portion of our net sales. In fiscal 2024, our ten largest customers (including buyers and distributors in buying groups) accounted for approximately 40 of our net sales. Our percentage of sales to our major customers may increase if we are successful in our strategy of expanding the range of products which we sell to existing customers. In such an event, or in the event of any consolidation in certain segments we serve, including retailers selling building products, our sales may be increasingly sensitive to deterioration in the financial condition of, or other adverse developments with respect to, one or more of our top customers. Our top customers may also be able to exert influences on us with respect to pricing, delivery, payment or other terms. Any termination of a business relationship with, or a significant sustained reduction in business received from, one or more of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The majority of our net sales are facilitated through the extension of credit to our customers, and a significant asset included in our working capital is accounts receivable from customers. As of 
 17 

September 30, 2024, Sonepar USA represented 17 and CED National represented 11 of the Company s accounts receivable, with no significant amounts past due. As of September 30, 2023, Sonepar USA represented 14 and CED National represented 11 of the Company s accounts receivable with no significant amounts past due. For fiscal 2023, one customer, Sonepar USA accounted for more than 10 of sales, for fiscal 2022, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of sales. See Note 17, Segment Information to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. If customers responsible for a significant amount of accounts receivable become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay for products and services, or become unwilling or unable to make payments in a timely manner, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our working capital requirements could result in us having lower cash available for, among other things, capital expenditures and acquisition financing. 
 
 Our working capital needs fluctuate based on economic activity and the market prices for our main raw materials, which are predominantly steel, copper and PVC resin. We require significant working capital to purchase these raw materials and sell our products efficiently and profitably to our customers. Our cash collection cycle is generally one to two months longer than our cash payment cycle. If our working capital requirements increase and we are unable to finance our working capital on terms and conditions acceptable to us, we may not be able to obtain raw materials to respond to customer demand, which could result in a loss of sales. 
 
 If our working capital needs increase, the amount of liquidity we have at our disposal to devote to other uses will decrease. A decrease in liquidity could, among other things, limit our flexibility, including our ability to make capital expenditures and to complete acquisitions that we have identified, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We may be required to recognize goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived asset impairment charges. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had goodwill of 314.0 million, intangible assets of 340.4 million, and other long-lived assets of 832.7 million. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized and are subject to impairment testing at least annually. Future events, such as declines in our cash flow projections or customer demand, may cause impairments of our goodwill or long-lived assets based on factors such as the price of our common stock, projected cash flows, assumptions used or other variables. 
 
 In addition, if we divest long-lived assets at prices below their asset value, we must write them down to fair value resulting in long-lived asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. See Note 12, Goodwill and Intangible Assets to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets, and we may be required to recognize goodwill or other asset impairment charges which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 
 The nature of our business exposes us to product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and litigation as well as other legal proceedings, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to construction defect and product liability claims relating to our various products if our products do not meet customer expectations. Such claims and liabilities may arise out of the quality of raw materials or component parts we purchase from third-party suppliers, over which we do not have direct control, or due to our fabrication, assembly, or damage in shipment of our products. In addition, we warrant certain of our products to be free of certain defects and could incur costs related to paying warranty claims in connection with defective products. We cannot assure you that we will not experience material losses or that we will not incur significant costs to defend or pay for such claims. 
 18 

While we currently maintain insurance coverage to address a portion of these types of liabilities, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or that any such insurance will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. Further, while we intend to seek indemnification against potential liability for product liability claims from relevant parties, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recover under any such indemnification agreements. Any claims that result in liability exceeding our insurance coverage and rights to indemnification by third parties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant time periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. An unsuccessful product liability defense could be highly costly and accordingly result in a decline in revenues and profitability. 
 
 From time to time, we are also involved in government inquiries and investigations, as well as consumer, employment, tort proceedings and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take actions which would adversely affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 
 
 Widespread public health conditions including pandemics could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 While we have implemented risk management and contingency plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, no predictions of specific scenarios can be made with respect to any future pandemic and such measures may not adequately protect our business from the impact of such events. These impacts include disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work in proximity to others or even to travel to or for work, as well as temporary closures of our facilities or the facilities of our customers, suppliers and other constituents of our supply chain. 
 
 Uncertainty and delays in our end-markets relating to public health conditions could have a material adverse impact on the demand for our products, some jurisdictions may raise taxes to help cover pandemic-related costs and disruptions to or adverse conditions in the financial industry could affect our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Climate change, and the regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 The potential physical impacts of climate change on our business operations are highly uncertain and differ in each geographic region where we operate. These impacts may include changes in weather patterns and increased weather intensity, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. The impacts of climate change may materially and adversely impact the ability to produce, cost of production, insurance availability, and financial performance of our operations. Further, any impacts to our business and financial condition as a result of climate change are likely to occur over a sustained period of time and are therefore difficult to quantify with any degree of specificity. For example, extreme weather events may result in adverse physical effects on portions of our or others infrastructure, which could disrupt our supply chain and our customers and ultimately our business operations. In addition, disruption of transportation and distribution systems could result in reduced operational efficiency and customer service interruption. Climate-related events have the potential to disrupt our business, including the business of our suppliers and customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, and additional costs to resume operations. 
 
 Concern over climate change has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives across various jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, proposals that would impose mandatory disclosure requirements on greenhouse gas emissions continue to be considered by policy makers and regulators. We cannot predict what climate change related legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted. Compliance with more 
 19 

stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws, may require additional expenditures, some of which could be material. 
 
 We have financial obligations relating to pension plans that we maintain in the United States. 
 
 We provide pension benefits through a number of noncontributory and contributory defined benefit retirement plans covering eligible United States employees. As of September 30, 2024, we estimated that our pension plans were overfunded by approximately 8.7 million, both of which are frozen and do not accrue any additional service cost. As such, the funded status is primarily impacted by the performance of the underlying assets supporting the plan and changes in interest rates or other factors, which may trigger additional cash contributions. Our pension obligations are calculated annually and are based on several assumptions, including then-prevailing conditions, which may change from year to year. If in any year our assumptions are inaccurate, we could be required to expend greater amounts than anticipated. 
 
 Unplanned outages at our facilities or those of our suppliers and other unforeseen disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our business depends on the operation of our manufacturing and distribution facilities as well as those of our suppliers. It is possible that we or they could experience prolonged periods of reduced production or distribution capacity due to interruptions in the operations of our facilities or those of our key suppliers. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents, effects of a pandemic and severe weather conditions. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions. To the extent that lost production or distribution capacity could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and production costs could be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on the efforts of agents and distributors to generate sales of our products. 
 
 We utilize various third-party agents and distributors to market, sell and distribute our products and to directly interact with our customers and end-users by providing customer service and support. No single agent or distributor accounts for a material percentage of our annual net sales. We do not have long-term contracts with our third-party agents and distributors, who could cease offering our products. In addition, many of our third-party agents and distributors with whom we transact business also offer the products of our competitors to our ultimate customers and they could begin offering our products with less prominence. The loss of a substantial number of our third-party agents or distributors or a dramatic deviation from the amount of sales they generate, including due to an increase in their sales of our competitors products, could reduce our sales and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our inability to introduce new products effectively or implement our innovation strategies could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 
 We continually seek to develop products and solutions that allow us to stay at the forefront of developments in the Electrical and Safety Infrastructure markets. The success of new products depends on a variety of factors, including but not limited to, timely and successful product development, the effective consummation of strategic acquisitions, market acceptance and demand, competitive response, protection of associated intellectual property and avoidance of third-party infringement of the Company s intellectual property, our ability to manage risks associated with product life cycles, the effective management of inventory and purchase commitments, the availability and cost of raw materials and the quality of our initial products during the initial period of introduction. Some of the foregoing factors are beyond our control and we cannot fully predict the ultimate success of the introduction of new products, especially in the early stages of innovation. In introducing new products and implementing our innovation strategies, any delays, unexpected costs, diversion of resources, loss of key employees or other setbacks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 20 

We are subject to certain safety and labor risks associated with the manufacturing and testing of our products. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed approximately 5,600 total full-time equivalent employees, a significant percentage of whom work at our 42 manufacturing facilities. Our business involves complex manufacturing processes and there is a risk that an accident resulting in property damage, personal injury or death could occur in one of our facilities. In addition, prior to the introduction of new products, our employees test such products under rigorous conditions, which could potentially result in injury or death. The outcome of any personal injury, wrongful death or other litigation is difficult to assess or quantify and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith or negative effects on employee morale, could have a negative effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, any accident could result in manufacturing or product delays, which could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and we may become involved in intellectual property disputes. 
 
 Our use of contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and agreements, and patent, trademark, copyright, unfair competition, trade secret and other laws to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate. We have registered intellectual property (mainly trademarks and patents) in more than 82 countries. Because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in foreign countries as we would in the United States. 
 
 Any failure of various measures to protect our technology and intellectual property, the independent discovery by third parties of our trade secrets and proprietary know-how and the independent development of substantially equivalent proprietary information or techniques by third parties could impair our competitive advantage. In particular, the infringement, expiration or other loss of these methods and other proprietary information could reduce the barriers to entry into our existing lines of business and may result in a loss of market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend against claims by third parties that our products infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A successful intellectual property infringement suit against us could prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain products in a particular area, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We face risks associated with our international operations which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our business operates and serves customers in certain foreign countries, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Israel, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. In addition the business is pursuing work on data centers or other construction projects in other jurisdictions, for example in Asia and Europe. There are certain risks inherent in doing business internationally, including economic volatility and sustained economic downturns, difficulties in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, currency exchange rate fluctuations and currency exchange controls, import or export restrictions, sanctions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a number of foreign operations as a result of distance, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to local labor laws and regulations, potentially adverse tax developments, longer payment cycles, exposure to different legal standards, political or social unrest, including terrorism, risks related to government regulation and uncertain protection and enforcement of our intellectual property rights, the presence of corruption in certain countries and higher than anticipated costs of entry. 
 21 

In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated plans to exit operations in Russia and recently submitted documents to the Russian approval authority with expectations of completing the sale in FY 2025 albeit at a loss. Accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment of 733 for the year ended September 30, 2024 and continues to recognize any incremental losses on those assets. 
 
 One or more of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Changes in foreign laws and legal systems could materially impact our business. 
 
 Evolving foreign laws and legal systems, including those that occurred as a result of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union Brexit ), may adversely affect global economic and market conditions and could contribute to volatility in the foreign exchange markets. 
 
 The United Kingdom left the E.U. on January 31, 2020. On May 1, 2021, the E.U.-U.K. Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the TCA became effective. The TCA provides the United Kingdom and E.U. members with preferential access to each other s markets, without tariffs or quotas on imported products between the jurisdictions, provided that certain rules of origin requirements are complied with. However, economic relations between the United Kingdom and the E.U. are now on more restricted terms than existed prior to Brexit. It is difficult to predict the severity of the impact of these changes on our United Kingdom and E.U. based operations. Goods moving between the United Kingdom and any member of the E.U. are subject to additional customs requirements and documentation checks, leading to possible higher transportation and regulatory costs, as well as delays at ports of entry and departure. Such delays could adversely impact elements of our supply chain and also our ability to meet customers delivery schedules. The United Kingdom is still determining which E.U. laws and regulations to replace or replicate and compliance with any amended or additional laws and regulations could increase our costs. To the extent that higher costs are incurred which cannot be passed on to our customers, this could decrease the profitability of our United Kingdom and E.U. operations. 
 
 Our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by our inability to acquire or import raw materials, component parts or finished goods from existing suppliers and significant increases in government regulation or restrictions relating to such imports. 
 
 Our business, financial position or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by our inability to import raw materials, component parts or finished goods under the regulatory regimes applicable to our business. Although we seek to have alternate sources and recover increases in input costs through price increases in our products, regulatory changes or other governmental actions could result in the need to change suppliers or incur cost increases that cannot, in the short term, or in some cases even the long term, be offset by our prices. Such changes could reduce our gross profit, net income and cash flow. Any of these consequences could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We rely on materials, components and finished goods, such as Cpic fiber, steel and aluminum, that are sourced from or manufactured in foreign countries. Import tariffs and potential import tariffs have resulted or may result in increased prices for these imported goods and materials and, in some cases, may result or have resulted in price increases for domestically sourced goods and materials. Changes in U.S. trade policy have resulted and could result in additional reactions from U.S. trading partners, including adopting responsive trade policies making it more difficult or costly for us to export our products or import goods and materials from those countries. These measures could also result in increased costs for goods imported into the U.S. or may cause us to adjust our worldwide supply chain. Either of these could require us to increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. 
 
 Additionally, anti-terrorism measures and other disruptions to the raw material supply network could impact our operations and those of our suppliers. In the aftermath of terrorist attacks in the United States, federal, state and local authorities have implemented and continue to implement various security measures that affect the raw material supply network in the United States and abroad. If 
 22 

security measures disrupt or impede the receipt of sufficient raw materials to us and our suppliers, we may fail to meet the needs of our customers or may incur increased expenses to do so. 
 
 In connection with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, we may become subject to liabilities and required to issue additional debt or equity. 
 
 In connection with any acquisitions or joint ventures and agreements relating to Tyco s 2010 sale of a greater than 50 stake in the Company or otherwise, we may acquire or become subject to liabilities such as legal claims, including but not limited to third-party liability and other tort claims; claims for breach of contract; employment-related claims; environmental liabilities, conditions or damage; permitting, regulatory or other compliance with law issues; liability for hazardous materials; or tax liabilities. If any of these liabilities are not adequately covered by insurance or an enforceable indemnity or similar agreement from a creditworthy counterparty, we may be responsible for significant out-of-pocket expenditures. In connection with any divestitures, we may incur liabilities for breaches of representations and warranties or failure to comply with operating covenants under any agreement for a divestiture. In addition, we may have to indemnify a counterparty in a divestiture for certain liabilities of the subsidiary or operations subject to the divestiture transaction. These liabilities, if they materialize, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In addition, if we were to undertake a substantial acquisition for cash, the acquisition would likely need to be financed in part through additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or through other arrangements. Such acquisition financing might decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect other leverage criteria and our credit rating. We cannot assure you that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. Moreover, acquisitions financed through the issuance of equity securities could cause our stockholders to experience dilution. 
 
 We may be unable to identify, acquire, close or integrate acquisition targets successfully. 
 
 Acquisitions are a component of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to grow our business through acquisitions as we have done historically or that any businesses acquired will perform in accordance with expectations or that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove to be correct. We will continue to analyze and evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses or product lines with the potential to strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing product offering. We cannot assure you that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates in the future, nor can we assure you that completed acquisitions will be successful. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or presents greater than expected liability profile or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses, create complexities in our supply chain and damage our reputation with customers. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act. The SEC has adopted requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act for companies that use certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, in their products, whether or not these products are manufactured by third parties. These requirements require companies to conduct due diligence and disclose whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. There are costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for efforts to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. 
 
 In addition, compliance with these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. Specifically, such requirements could limit the pool of suppliers who can provide conflict-free minerals and as a result, we may not be able to obtain these conflict-free minerals at competitive prices. We may also face reputational challenges if we are unable 
 23 

to verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we have implemented. We may also encounter challenges to satisfy customers that may require all of the components of products purchased to be certified as conflict free. If we are not able to meet customer requirements, customers may choose to disqualify us as a supplier, or we may be forced to reduce our prices to compensate for this lack of certification. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial health. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 772.0 million of total long-term consolidated indebtedness outstanding (including current portion) under Atkore and AII s credit facilities Credit Facilities ), which consist of: (i) an asset-based credit facility ABL Credit Facility (ii) the new senior secured term loan facility (the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility and (iii) the 4.25 Senior Notes due 2031 (the Senior Notes ). As of September 30, 2024, AII had 325.0 million of available borrowing capacity under the ABL Credit Facility and there were no outstanding borrowings (there were also no letters of credit issued under the facility). Our indebtedness could have important consequences for you. Because of our indebtedness: 
 
 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes and our ability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness may be impaired in the future; 
 a large portion of our cash flow from operations may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes; 
 we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates because a significant portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to other creditors, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; 
 we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with proportionately less indebtedness or with comparable indebtedness on more favorable terms and, as a result, they may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns; 
 our ability to refinance indebtedness may be limited or the associated costs may increase; 
 our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited; and 
 we may be prevented from carrying out capital spending and restructurings that are necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve our operating margins. 

Despite our indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantially more indebtedness, which may increase the risks created by our indebtedness. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the credit agreements and indenture governing the Credit Facilities do not fully prohibit us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional debt. If our subsidiaries are in compliance with certain leverage or coverage ratios set forth in the agreements governing the Credit Facilities, they may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may increase the risks created by our current indebtedness. Subject to certain conditions and without the consent of the then existing lenders, the loans under the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility may be expanded (or a new term loan facility, revolving credit facility or letter of credit facility added) by up to 235.0 million, plus an additional amount not to exceed specified leverage or coverage ratios. In addition, subject to certain conditions and without the consent of the then existing lenders, the loans under the ABL Credit Facility may be expanded by up to 150 million, and the credit agreements governing the Credit Facilities allow for up to 50.0 million of second lien facilities. As of September 30, 2024, we had an additional 325.0 million in availability under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 24 

Increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could reduce our profitability. 
 
 A portion of our outstanding indebtedness bears interest or will bear interest at variable rates. As a result, increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As of September 30, 2024, each one percentage point change in interest rates would have resulted in a change of approximately 3.8 million in the annual interest expense on the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. As of September 30, 2024, assuming availability was fully utilized, each one percentage point change in interest rates would have resulted in a change of approximately 3.3 million in annual interest expense on the ABL Credit Facility. Additionally, if the ABL Credit Facility were fully utilized, the margin we pay on borrowings would increase by 0.3 from the current level and we would incur additional interest expense of 1.0 million. The impact of increases in interest rates could be more significant for us than it would be for some other companies because of our indebtedness, thereby affecting our profitability. 
 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings, outlook or watch assigned to our indebtedness by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 
 Our overall corporate rating, Senior Notes, New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility and ABL Credit are each currently rated as investment grade by certain agencies while the other agencies have them as non-investment grades. Any rating, outlook or watch assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency s judgment, current or future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, outlook or watch, such as adverse changes to our business, so warrant. Any future lowering of our ratings, outlook or watch likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing. 
 
 The agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business. 
 
 The Credit Facilities contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of AII and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions or to purchase, redeem or retire capital stock, purchase, redeem or retire certain junior indebtedness, make loans and investments, enter into agreements that limit AII s or its subsidiaries' ability to pledge assets or to make distributions or loans to us or transfer assets to us, sell assets, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, consolidate, merge or sell substantially all assets, make voluntary payments or modifications of junior indebtedness and enter into new lines of business. 
 
 The restrictions in the Credit Facilities may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to execute our business strategy successfully or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Additionally, we may be required to make accelerated payments due to the covenants and restrictions contained in the Credit Facilities. We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness, at maturity or otherwise, on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 The ability of AII to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the Credit Facilities may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control including credit or capital market disruptions. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit the applicable lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay indebtedness, lenders having secured obligations, such as the lenders under the Credit Facilities, could proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. In any such case, we may be unable to borrow under the Credit Facilities and may not be able to repay the amounts due under such facilities. This could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 
 25 

Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 
 Atkore and AII are each holding companies, and as such they have no independent operations or material assets other than ownership of equity interests in their respective subsidiaries. Atkore and AII each depend on their respective subsidiaries to distribute funds to them so that they may pay obligations and expenses, including satisfying obligations with respect to indebtedness. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, our indebtedness depends on the financial and operating performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions and dividends to us, which, in turn, depends on their results of operations, cash flows, cash requirements, financial position and general business conditions and any legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends to which they may be subject, many of which may be beyond our control. 
 
 We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek to obtain additional equity capital or restructure our indebtedness. In the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our indebtedness, and such alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 
 The outstanding borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility are scheduled to mature on May 26, 2026, the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility has a maturity date of May 26, 2028, and the Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2031. We may be unable to refinance any of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing, particularly because of our indebtedness. Market disruptions, as well as our indebtedness levels, may increase our cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to refinance our obligations as they become due. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness or access additional credit, or if short-term or long-term borrowing costs dramatically increase, our ability to finance current operations and meet our short-term and long-term obligations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If our subsidiary AII cannot make scheduled payments on its indebtedness, it will be in default and the lenders under the Credit Facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money or foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 
 
 Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay dividends depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 
 We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flow from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay dividends. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient, payment of declared dividends could be left unpaid. In the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for the continuation of any dividend programs approved by the board of directors. As a result, we may not be able to pay dividends or continue to pay dividends at the expected rate or at all in November 2024. 
 
 Payments of dividends, if any, are at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including general and economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications of the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries (including AII) to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries. As such, to the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our common stock, none of our subsidiaries will be obligated to make funds available to us for the payment of dividends. Further, the agreements governing the Credit Facilities significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us. In addition, Delaware law imposes additional requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 
 
 To the extent that expectations by market participants regarding the potential payment, or amount, of any regular dividend prove to be incorrect, the price of our common stock may be materially and negatively affected and investors that bought shares of our common stock based on those expectations may suffer a loss on their investment. Further, to the extent that we declare a regular 
 26 

dividend at a time when market participants hold no such expectations or the amount of any such dividend exceeds current expectations, the price of our common stock may increase and investors that sold shares of our common stock prior to the record date for any such dividend may forego potential gains on their investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 Atkore is a holding company with no operations of its own, and it depends on its subsidiaries for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses, including to make future dividend payments, if any. 
 
 Our operations are conducted entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to fund our operations and expenses, to pay dividends or to meet debt service obligations is highly dependent on the earnings and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of AII and its subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair their ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent our subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of our financing arrangements, or are otherwise unable to provide funds to the extent of our needs, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 For example, the agreements governing the Credit Facilities significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or otherwise transfer assets to us. Furthermore, our subsidiaries are permitted under the terms of the Credit Facilities to incur additional indebtedness that may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions, the payment of dividends or the making of loans by such subsidiaries to us. 
 
 The timing and amount of the Company s share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 On November 16, 2021, the board of directors approved a share repurchase program (the 2021 Plan ), for the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of 400.0 million of the Company s common stock over a two-year period. On April 6, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan, extending it to a total repurchase of the Company s outstanding stock of 800.0 million. On November 11, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan, extending it to a total repurchase authorization of the Company s outstanding stock of 1,300 million. On May 2, 2024, the board of directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2024 Plan , and together with the 2021 Plan and amendments thereto, the Plans which is scheduled to begin after the repurchase authorization under the 2021 Plan has been exhausted. The 2024 Plan authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 500.0 million of its outstanding stock. We expect that share repurchases under the Plans will be funded with cash on hand. The amount and timing of share repurchases will be based on a variety of factors. Important factors that could cause the Company to limit, suspend or delay its share repurchases include unfavorable trading market conditions, the price of the Company s common stock, the nature of other investment opportunities presented to us from time to time, the ability to obtain financing at attractive rates and the availability of U.S. cash. The Plans does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may be terminated at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our fourth amended and restated by-laws, amended and restated by-laws include a number of provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. For example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws collectively: 
 27 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors, including vacancies resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 
 prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of stockholders; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual meeting of our stockholders. 
 
 These provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if the provisions are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our management. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment that may delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes provisions limiting the personal liability of our directors for breaches of fiduciary duty under the DGCL. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions relating to the liability of directors in response to claims arising under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). These provisions eliminate a director s personal liability to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL for monetary damages resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty, except in circumstances involving: 
 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty; 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law; 
 Section 174 of the DGCL (unlawful dividends); or 
 any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 
 The principal effect of the limitation on liability provision is that a stockholder will be unable to prosecute an action for monetary damages against a director unless the stockholder can demonstrate a basis for liability for which indemnification is not available under the DGCL. These provisions, however, should not limit or eliminate our rights or any stockholder s rights to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director s fiduciary duty. These provisions do not alter a director s liability under federal securities laws. The inclusion of this provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for a breach of their fiduciary duties, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us and our stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding 
 28 

brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising out of or under the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (including, without limitation, any action asserting a claim arising out of or pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated by-laws) or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. As a stockholder in our company, you are deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could decline. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 
 industry or general market conditions; 
 availability of labor and raw materials; 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance; 
 changes in our customers preferences; 
 new regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines; 
 lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 
 changes in securities analysts estimates of our financial performance or lack of research coverage and reports by industry analysts; 
 action by institutional stockholders or other large stockholders, including future sales of our common stock; 
 failure to meet any guidance given by us or any change in any guidance given by us, or changes by us in our guidance practices; 
 announcements by us of significant impairment charges; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 investor perception of us and our industry; 
 changes in market valuations or earnings of similar companies; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions or strategic partnerships; 
 war, terrorist acts and epidemic disease; 
 any future sales of our common stock or other securities; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; and 
 misconduct or other improper actions of our employees. 
 
 Stock markets have experienced extreme volatility in recent years that has been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, class action litigation has often been instituted against the affected company. Any litigation of this type brought against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

29 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts that covers our common stock downgrades our stock or publishes misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of the analysts ceases coverage of our common stock or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause our common stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 If we are unable to hire, engage and retain key personnel, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent, in part, on our continued ability to hire, engage and retain key employees at our operations around the world. Additionally, we rely upon experienced managerial, marketing and support personnel to effectively manage our business and to successfully promote our wide range of products. If we do not succeed in engaging and retaining key employees and other personnel, or if we do not succeed in facilitating transitions of new key personnel, we may be unable to meet our objectives and, as a result, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Future tax legislation could materially impact our business. 
 
 Changes in international and domestic tax laws, including the reaction by states to federal legislation and changes in tax law enforcement, could negatively impact our tax provision, cash flow, or tax related balance sheet amounts. In particular, it is possible that U.S. federal income or other tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws will change, including as a result of possible tax legislation that may be proposed by the Biden Administration. It is difficult to predict whether and when there will be tax law changes having a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the IRA was enacted into law. The IRA contains significant tax law changes, including a corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 on adjusted financial statement income, which took effect on October 1, 2023, a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and various tax incentives which include, but are not limited to, credits related to the manufacturing of solar powered energy which took effect on January 1, 2023. The impacts of this legislation are described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Additionally, see Note 7, Income Taxes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 On December 20, 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD published a proposal for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15 Pillar Two"). The Pillar Two rules provide a template that jurisdictions can translate into domestic law, to assist with the implementation within an agreed upon timeframe and in a coordinated manner, and are effective for fiscal years beginning after January 1, 2024. To date, jurisdictions in which the Company operates are in various stages of implementation. 
 
 The Company has performed an initial assessment of the potential impact to income taxes as a result of Pillar Two. The assessment of the potential impact is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting, and financial statements of affected subsidiaries. Based on results of the assessment, the Company believes it can avail itself of the transitional safe harbor rules in most for all of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, and therefore do not anticipate it having a material impact on the financial statements. The Company continues to assess the potential impact of Pillar Two and monitor developments in legislation, regulation, and interpretive guidance in this area. 
 
 Changes in U.S. tax law could also have broader implications, including impacts to the economy, currency markets, inflation environment, consumer behavior or competitive dynamics, which are difficult to predict, and may positively or negatively impact our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 30 

Future offerings of debt or equity securities which would rank senior to our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If, in the future, we decide to issue debt or equity securities that rank senior to our common stock, it is likely that such securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. 
 
 To satisfy existing obligations and support the development of our business, we depend on our ability to generate cash flow from operations and to borrow funds and issue securities in the capital markets. We may require additional financing for liquidity, capital requirements or growth initiatives. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms and at interest rates that are favorable to us or at all. Any inability by us to obtain financing in the future could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 31 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity Strategy and Risk Management 
 
 Atkore s commitment to cybersecurity emphasizes maintaining secure technology and data environments and the cultivation of a security-minded culture and capability. We do this through education and training, and a layered approach to identifying, preventing, detecting, responding and restoration from cybersecurity threats and incidents. Key elements of our program for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats are anchored in widely used and industry recognized security frameworks and are described below. 
 
 We maintain cybersecurity policies that articulate Atkore s expectations and requirements with respect to topics such as acceptable use of technology and data, data privacy, risk management, education and awareness and event and incident management. We regularly conduct exercises, with the support of outside domain experts, to improve the effectiveness of our processes and we periodically assess our processes against recognized cybersecurity frameworks. Consistent with our position that cybersecurity is the responsibility of every Atkore employee, we regularly educate and share best practices with our employees to raise awareness of cybersecurity threats. Atkore employees participate in monthly training and testing. In addition to training, Atkore conducts table-top exercises as often as twice a year to simulate cybersecurity risk and response scenarios. 
 
 Our cybersecurity team implements measures to ensure that Atkore can quickly identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. Our controls are designed to restrict access to locations that house significant physical information technology assets. Other controls include the use of multifactor authentication, various third-party tools, network security technologies, and a crisis playbook. Our notification policies and processes are escalated to the appropriate personnel on a timely basis to support effective review, response, and compliance with legal requirements. Data is also aggregated to support the identification of trends for forward looking oversight. 
 
 Key elements of Atkore s annual Enterprise Risk Management ERM program include an inventory and classification of key risk areas and topics; a methodology for scoring risks based on the risk s probability, severity, and velocity of impact, and for trending key risks; and a framework for developing and implementing countermeasures for key risks. Cybersecurity is one of six topical areas required to be addressed as part of the annual ERM program. Cybersecurity risks are scored using the same methodology applied to all other risks. This helps evaluate the significance and prioritization of cyber-related risks relative to wider business risks. Members of Internal Audit present annually to the Atkore Board of Directors a report on the results of the ERM process. This includes cybersecurity risks. We periodically engage external consultants to assess our cybersecurity program. 
 
 Based on the information we have as of the date of this Annual Report, we do not believe any risks from cybersecurity threats, have materially affected or are likely to materially affect Atkore, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Cybersecurity Governance and Oversight 
 
 At the management level, Atkore s cybersecurity program is led by the Company s Vice President - Chief Information Officer CIO ), who reports to Atkore s Vice President Business Development and Strategy, who in turn reports to Atkore s Chief Executive Officer. Atkore s CIO has over 30 years of experience in information technology roles with responsibilities including global cyber security strategy, global IT strategy, technology platforms and internal controls. The CIO has a Master of Business Administration from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems from DeVry Institute of Technology. Reporting to the CIO is a Director of Cybersecurity. The current Director of Cybersecurity has over 20 years of experience in information technology roles with responsibilities including cyber security and security architecture 
 32 

and engineering. The CIO is supported by the Cybersecurity Steering Committee CSC ), a management committee comprising members of the Executive Leadership Team and includes the leaders of the information technology, legal, finance, human resources, commercial and communications functions and that report to the Chief Executive Officer. The CSC supports the CIO in overseeing and managing information security risks and in the event of a cybersecurity incident provides oversight and leadership with respect to incident investigation, mitigation, and remediation. 
 
 At the Board level, Atkore s cybersecurity is overseen by a subset of the full Board of Directors, specifically the independent board members. This oversight includes a quarterly review of Atkore s cybersecurity program, including key program metrics, initiatives, and developments. In addition, in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident, Atkore s policy and process requires timely engagement of and consultation with the Board of Directors. 
 
 Additional information about cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Item 1a. Risk Factors, which should be read in conjunction with the information above. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in owned premises at 16100 South Lathrop Avenue, Harvey, Illinois. We and our operating companies own and lease a variety of facilities, principally in the United States, for manufacturing, distribution and light assembly. Our manufacturing, distribution and assembly centers are strategically located to optimize route efficiency, market coverage and overhead. The following chart identifies the number of owned and leased facilities used by each of our reportable segments as of September 30, 2024. We believe that these facilities, when considered with our corporate headquarters, offices and warehouses are suitable and adequate to support the current needs of our business. 
 
 Reportable Segment Owned Facilities 
 Leased Facilities 
 Electrical 15 38 Safety Infrastructure 6 17 
 
 We believe that our facilities are well-maintained and are sufficient to meet our current and projected needs. We also have an ongoing process to continually review and update our real estate portfolio to meet changing business needs. Our two principal facilities are located in Harvey, Illinois and New Bedford, Massachusetts. Our owned manufacturing facility in Harvey, Illinois supports both our Electrical and Safety Infrastructure segments. Our owned facility in New Bedford, Massachusetts supports our Electrical segment. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 
 33 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock Market Prices 
 
 Shares of our common stock have traded on the NYSE under the symbol ATKR since June 10, 2016. 

Assumes 100 invested on October 1, 2019 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 

34 

Holders 
 
 As of November 19, 2024, there were two stockholders of record of our common stock. This number excludes stockholders whose stock is held in nominee or street name by brokers. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 On November 17, 2023, we announced that our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend program under which the Company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. 
 
 The quarterly dividend program and the subsequent consideration, declaration and payment of each quarterly cash dividend will be subject to our board s approval. Our board of directors retain the power to modify, suspend or cancel the dividend program in any manner and at any time that our board may deem necessary or appropriate. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock is significantly limited as a practical matter by the Credit Facilities insofar as we may seek to pay dividends out of funds made available to us by AII or its subsidiaries, because AII's debt instruments directly or indirectly restrict AII's ability to pay dividends or make loans to us. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity requirements, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to payment of dividends, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table shows our share repurchase programs, on a trade date basis, for each of our fiscal months for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program(1) Maximum Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program(1) June 29, 2024 to July 26, 2024 28,114 July 27, 2024 to August 30, 2024 1,047 95.49 1,047 428,114 August 31, 2024 - September 30, 2024 428,114 Total 1,047 1,047 
 
 (1) On November 16, 2021, the board of directors approved the 2021 Plan for the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of 400.0 million of the Company s stock over a two-year period.. On April 6, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan, extending it to a total repurchase of the Company s outstanding stock of 800.0 million. On November 11, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the 2021 Plan, extending it to a total repurchase authorization of the Company s outstanding stock of 1,300 million. On May 2, 2024, the board of directors approved the 2024 Plan, which is scheduled to begin after the repurchase authorization under the 2021 Plan has been exhausted. The 2024 Plan authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 500.0 million of its outstanding stock. The plans were funded from the Company's available cash balances. Under the Plans, the Company was not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and it may have been terminated at any time at the Company's discretion. The final purchase under the 2021 plan was in August 2024 and the Company began purchasing under the 2024 Plan. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table contains information, as of September 30, 2024, about the amount of common shares to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, performance share options PSUs and restricted stock units RSUs granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (together, the Omnibus Incentive Plan ). 
 35 

Equity Compensation Plan Information (share amounts in thousands) Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in (1)) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 830 39.59 1,699 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 830 39.59 1,699 
 
 (1) Includes 425 stock options, 165 PSUs and 240 RSUs granted to officers pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Shares underlying RSUs and PSUs are deliverable without payment of any consideration, and therefore these awards have not been taken into account in calculating the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options. PSUs are reflected at the target level of performance. For a description of the Omnibus Incentive Plan, see Note 5, Stock Incentive Plan to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no sales of unregistered equity securities in fiscal 2024. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 36 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report. 
 The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information and Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The percentages provided below reflect rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures expressed as percentages when aggregated may not be the arithmetic sum of the percentages that precede them. 

Business Factors Influencing our Results of Operations 
 
 We are a leading manufacturer of Electrical products primarily for the non-residential construction and renovation markets and Safety Infrastructure for the construction and industrial markets. The Electrical segment manufactures high quality products used in the construction of electrical power systems including conduit, cable and installation accessories. The Safety Infrastructure segment designs and manufactures solutions including metal framing, mechanical pipe, perimeter security and cable management for the protection and reliability of critical infrastructure. We believe we hold #1 or #2 positions in the United States by net sales in a significant number of our products. The quality of our products, the strength of our brands and our scale and presence provide what we believe to be a unique set of competitive advantages that position us for profitable growth. 
 
 The following factors may affect our results of operations in any given period: 
 
 Economic Conditions. Our business depends on demand from customers across various end markets, including wholesale distributors, OEMs, retail distributors and general contractors. Our products are primarily used by trade contractors in the construction and renovation of non-residential structures such as commercial office buildings, healthcare facilities and manufacturing plants. In fiscal 2024, 88 of our net sales were to customers located in the United States. As a result, our business is heavily dependent on the health of the United States economy, in general, and on United States non-residential construction activity, in particular. A stronger United States economy and robust non-residential construction generally increase demand for our products. In fiscal 2024, our sales and cost of sales were impacted by continued pricing normalization in certain raw materials used in our products. We generally sell our products on a spot basis and as such, were exposed to sales prices on our products that decreased faster than the cost for the related raw materials. 
 
 We believe that our business and demand for our products is influenced by two main economic indicators: United States gross domestic product, or GDP, and non-residential construction starts, measured in square footage. The United States non-residential construction market has experienced modest growth over the past few years, in line with United States GDP. Our historic results have been positively impacted by growth in the non-residential construction market, as such growth leads to greater demand for our products. MR R activity generally increases and represents a greater share of non-residential construction activity during challenging periods in the economic or construction cycle. During those periods, our MR R demand as a percentage of total demand typically increases, providing a more consistent revenue stream for our business. 
 
 Additionally, central bank interest rate fluctuations, inflation, and conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East are creating additional uncertainty in the global economy, generally, and in the markets in which we operate. The aforementioned conflicts and other factors have had and will continue to have adverse effects on global supply chains, which may impact some aspects of our business. Furthermore, we are mindful of the effects that adverse weather, such as hurricanes, can have on our domestic supply chain. 
 
 37 

Raw Materials. We use a variety of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products, which primarily include steel, copper, PVC and HDPE resin. We believe that sources for these raw materials are well established, generally available and are in sufficient quantity that we may avoid disruption in our business. The cost to procure these raw materials is subject to price fluctuations, often as a result of macroeconomic conditions. Our cost of sales may be affected by changes in the market price of these materials, and to a lesser extent, other commodities, such as zinc, aluminum, electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel. The prices at which we sell our products may adjust upward or downward based on raw material price changes. We believe several factors drive the pricing of our products, including the quality of our products, the ability to meet customer delivery expectations and co-loading capabilities, as well as the prices of our raw material inputs. Historically, we have not engaged in hedging strategies for raw material purchases. Our results may be impacted by inventory sales at costs higher or lower than current prices we pay for similar items. 
 
 Working Capital. Our working capital requirements are impacted by our operational activities. Our inventory levels may be impacted from time to time, due to delivery lead times from our suppliers. Our cash collection cycle is generally one to two months longer than our cash payment cycle. If our working capital requirements increase and we are unable to finance our working capital on terms and conditions acceptable to us, we may not be able to obtain raw materials to respond to customer demand, which could result in a loss of sales. 
 
 Labor Cost and Availability . Labor costs are a direct input into the manufacture of our products. Labor costs are capitalized as a cost of inventory. 
 
 Seasonality. In a typical year, our operating results are impacted by seasonality. Historically, sales of our products have been higher in the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year due to favorable weather for construction-related activities. 
 
 Recent Acquisitions . In addition to our organic growth, we have transformed the Company through acquisitions in recent years, allowing us to expand our product offerings with existing and new customers. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), the results of our acquisitions are reflected in our financial statements from the date of each acquisition forward. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy has focused primarily on growing market share by complementing our existing portfolio with synergistic products and expanding into end-markets that we have not previously served. In total, we have invested 424.6 million in acquisitions since 2022. 
 
 We expect to continue to pursue synergistic acquisitions as part of our growth strategy to expand our product offerings. See Note 3, Acquisitions to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Foreign Currencies . In fiscal 2024, approximately 12 of our net sales came from customers located outside the United States, most of which were foreign currency sales denominated in British pounds sterling, European euros, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, and New Zealand dollars. The functional currency of our operations outside the United States is generally the local currency. Assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into United States dollars using period-end exchange rates. Foreign revenue and expenses are translated at the monthly average exchange rates in effect during the period. Foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) within our statements of comprehensive income. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. 
 
 See Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Emerging Industry Trends . Pressure from regulators, and expectations from customers, to combat climate change may accelerate the move to more renewable power generation, the electrification of buildings and transportation, and the use of more sustainable methods in construction in our markets. The rapid market growth for the use of digital technologies may continue to drive the need for more 
 38 

digital infrastructure such as data centers and the need for advanced warehousing and distribution centers to support e-commerce. Atkore offers products including electrical conduit fittings, electrical cable cable management, metal framing and racking structures that are commonly used in the construction of new and renovated buildings, infrastructure, renewable power systems, data centers, warehouses, and to connect electric vehicle charging stations to the electrical grid. Increases in demand for these applications in our markets may drive an increased demand for Atkore products. 
 
 Reportable Segments 
 
 We operate our business through two operating segments which are also our reportable segments: Electrical and Safety Infrastructure. Our operating segments are organized based on primary market channel and, in most instances, the end use of products. We review the results of our operating segments separately for the purposes of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. We evaluate performance on the basis of net sales and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 The Electrical segment manufactures high quality products used in the construction of electrical power systems including conduit, cable, and installation accessories. This segment serves contractors in partnership with the electrical wholesale channel . 
 
 The Safety Infrastructure segment designs and manufactures solutions including metal framing, mechanical pipe, perimeter security, and cable management for the protection and reliability of critical infrastructure. These solutions are marketed to contractors, original equipment manufacturers and end users. 
 
 Both segments use Adjusted EBITDA as the primary measure of profit and loss. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is the income (loss) before income taxes, adjusted to exclude unallocated expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, net, loss on extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, impairment charges, stock-based compensation, certain legal matters, transaction costs, gain on purchase of business, gain on sale of a business and other items, such as inventory reserves and adjustments, loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, insurance recovery related to damages of property, plant and equipment, release of indemnified uncertain tax positions, and realized or unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency impacts of intercompany loans and related forward currency derivatives. See Note 17, Segment Information to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Fiscal Periods 
 
 The Company has a fiscal year that ends on September 30. The Company s fiscal quarters typically end on the last Friday in December, March and June as it follows a 4-5-4 calendar. 
 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Net sales 
 
 Net sales represents external sales of Electrical products to the non-residential construction and MR R markets and Safety Infrastructure products and solutions to the commercial and industrial markets. Net sales includes gross product sales and freight billed to our customers, net of allowances for rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, product returns and discounts. 
 
 Cost of sales 
 
 Cost of sales includes all costs directly related to the production of goods for sale. These costs include direct material, direct labor, production related overheads, excess and obsolescence costs, lower-of-cost-or-market provisions, freight and distribution costs and the depreciation and amortization of assets directly used in the production of goods for sale. 

39 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include payroll related expenses including salaries, wages, employee benefits, payroll taxes, variable cash compensation for both administrative and selling personnel and consulting and professional services fees. Also included are compensation expense for share-based awards, restructuring-related charges, third-party professional services and translation gains or losses for foreign currency trade transactions. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 
 
 The results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ) Change ) Net sales 3,202,053 3,518,761 (316,708) (9.0) Cost of sales 2,124,214 2,179,260 (55,046) (2.5) Gross profit 1,077,839 1,339,501 (261,662) (19.5) Selling, general and administrative 397,544 388,206 9,338 2.4 Intangible asset amortization 55,511 57,804 (2,293) (4.0) Operating income 624,784 893,491 (268,707) (30.1) Interest expense, net 35,584 35,232 352 1.0 Other (income) and expense, net 1,963 7,969 (6,006) (75.4) Income before income taxes 587,237 850,290 (263,053) (30.9) Income tax expense 114,365 160,391 (46,026) (28.7) Net income 472,872 689,899 (217,027) (31.5) 
 
 Net sales 
 Change ) Volume 3.5 Average selling prices (11.5) Solar energy tax credits (1.1) Other 0.1 Net sales (9.0) 
 
 Net sales for fiscal 2024 decreased 316.7 million to 3,202.1 million, a decrease of 9.0 , compared to 3,518.8 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in net sales is primarily attributed to decreased average selling prices of 406.1 million, and the economic value of solar tax credits to be transferred to certain customers of 38.3 million. These decreases are partially offset by increased sales volume of 122.6 million across varying product categories within both the Electrical and the Safety Infrastructure segments. 

40 

Cost of sales 
 Change ) Volume 3.9 Average input costs (4.7) Solar energy tax credits (3.8) Freight 1.6 Other 0.5 Cost of sales (2.5) 
 
 Cost of sales decreased 55.0 million, or 2.5 , to 2,124.2 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 2,179.3 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower input costs of steel, copper and PVC resin of 103.1 million and the benefit of solar tax credits of 84.0 million, partially offset by higher sales volume of 86.5 million and increased freight costs of 34.6 million 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9.3 million, or 2.4 , to 397.5 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 388.2 million for fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily due to digital initiatives of 10.0 million, increased headcount of 7.5 million, and increased compensation of 3.0 million. These increases were partially offset by increases in productivity of 6.0 million, lower sales commission expense of 4.1 million, and lower costs of 1.1 million spread across a variety of other spend categories. 
 
 Intangible asset amortization 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense decreased 2.3 million, or 4.0 , to 55.5 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 57.8 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in intangible asset amortization resulted from certain intangibles becoming fully amortized. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net, increased 0.4 million, or 1.0 to 35.6 million for fiscal 2024, compared to 35.2 million for fiscal 2023. The increase is primarily due to increased interest rates on the Company s New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. 
 
 Other (income) and expense, net 
 
 Other (income) and expense, net decreased 6.0 million to expense of 2.0 million for fiscal 2024, compared to expense of 8.0 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in expense was primarily due to impairments recognized in fiscal 2023 in connection with the Company s plans to exit from operations in Russia of 7.5 million. 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 46.0 million to 114.4 million, compared to 160.4 million for fiscal 2023. The Company's income tax rate increased to 19.5 for fiscal 2024, compared to 18.9 for fiscal 2023. The decrease in income tax expense is due to lower income before taxes, while the increase in effective tax rate was primarily due the benefit of solar credits being recognized in cost of sales in fiscal 2024 where as the benefit of solar tax credits was recognized in income tax expense in fiscal 2023 as described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Additionally, see Note 7, Income Taxes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

41 

Segment results 
 
 Electrical 
 Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ) Change ) Net sales 2,354,978 2,675,074 (320,096) (12.0) Adjusted EBITDA 728,341 1,004,853 (276,512) (27.5) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 30.9 37.6 
 
 Net sales 
 Change ) Volume 2.0 Average selling prices (14.3) Other 0.3 Net sales (12.0) 
 
 Net sales decreased by 320.1 million, or 12.0 , to 2,355.0 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 2,675.1 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in net sales is primarily attributed to lower average selling prices of 379.5 million partially offset by increased sales volume of 54.3 million. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 276.5 million, or 27.5 , to 728.3 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 1,004.9 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was largely due to lower average selling prices over input costs. 
 
 Safety Infrastructure 
 Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ) Change ) Net sales 849,077 844,158 4,919 0.6 Adjusted EBITDA 89,982 103,231 (13,249) (12.8) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 10.6 12.2 
 
 Net sales Change ) Volume 8.3 Average selling prices (3.2) Solar energy tax credits (4.7) Other 0.2 Net sales 0.6 
 
 Net sales increased 4.9 million, or 0.6 , to 849.1 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 844.2 million for fiscal 2023. The increase is primarily attributed to higher volumes of 68.3 million partially offset by lower average selling prices of 26.6 million and the economic value of solar tax credits to be transferred to certain customers of 38.3 million. 

42 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 13.2 million, or 12.8 , to 90.0 million for fiscal 2024 compared to 103.2 million for fiscal 2023. The Adjusted EBITDA decrease was primarily due to lower average selling prices versus higher input costs, partially offset by the net benefit of solar tax credits. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 The results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Change ) Change ) Net sales 3,518,761 3,913,949 (395,188) (10.1) Cost of sales 2,179,260 2,273,924 (94,664) (4.2) Gross profit 1,339,501 1,640,025 (300,524) (18.3) Selling, general and administrative 388,206 370,044 18,162 4.9 Intangible asset amortization 57,804 36,176 21,628 59.8 Operating income 893,491 1,233,805 (340,314) (27.6) Interest expense, net 35,232 30,676 4,556 14.9 Other (income) and expense, net 7,969 (490) 8,459 (1,726.3) Income before income taxes 850,290 1,203,620 (353,330) (29.4) Income tax expense 160,391 290,186 (129,795) (44.7) Net income 689,899 913,434 (223,535) (24.5) 
 
 Net sales 
 Change ) Volume 3.2 Average selling prices (16.5) Acquisitions 4.3 Other (1.1) Net sales (10.1) 
 
 Net sales for fiscal 2023 decreased 395.2 million to 3,518.8 million, a decrease of 10.1 , compared to 3,913.9 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease in net sales is primarily attributed to lower average selling prices of 646.6 million, the economic value of solar tax credits to be transferred to certain customers of 30.4 million and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 15.1 million. These decreases are partially offset by increased net sales of 168.9 million from companies acquired during fiscal 2022 and 2023 higher sales volume of 125.1 million across varying product categories within both the Electrical and the Safety Infrastructure segments. 
 
 Cost of sales 
 Change ) Volume 4.8 Average input costs (15.0) Acquisitions 5.8 Other 0.2 Cost of sales (4.2) 
 43 

Cost of sales decreased 94.7 million, or 4.2 , to 2,179.3 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 2,273.9 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily due to lower input costs of steel, copper and PVC resin of 337.8 million and the impact of foreign exchange rates of 13.0 million partially offset by recent acquisitions during fiscal 2022 and 2023 of 130.3 million and higher sales volume of 107.7 million. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18.2 million, or 4.9 , to 388.2 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 370.0 million for fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily due to increased headcount of 16.6 million, digital initiatives of 16.1 million, recent acquisitions in fiscal 2022 and 2023 of 14.6 million, and stock compensation of 3.8 million. These increases were partially offset by lower variable compensation of 15.4 million, lower sales commission expense of 9.9 million, lower transaction costs of 2.5 million and 5.1 million is spread across a variety of other spend categories. 
 
 Intangible asset amortization 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense increased 21.6 million, or 59.8 , to 57.8 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 36.2 million for fiscal 2022. The increase in intangible asset amortization is primarily driven by the acquisition of definite-lived intangible assets through businesses acquired in fiscal 2022 and 2023. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net, increased 4.6 million, or 14.9 to 35.2 million for fiscal 2023, compared to 30.7 million for fiscal 2022. The increase is primarily due to increased interest rates on the Company s New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. 
 
 Other (income) and expense, net 
 
 Other income, net increased 8.5 million to expense of 8.0 million for fiscal 2023, compared to income of 0.5 million for fiscal 2022. The increase in expense was primarily due to impairments recognized in connection with the Company s plans to exit from operations in Russia of 7.5 million. 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 Income tax expense decreased 129.8 million to 160.4 million for fiscal 2023, compared to 290.2 million for fiscal 2022. The Company's income tax rate decreased to 18.9 for fiscal 2023, compared to 24.1 for fiscal 2022. The decrease in income tax expense is due to lower income before taxes and solar tax credits generated during fiscal 2023, while the decrease in effective tax rate was primarily due to solar tax credits generated during fiscal 2023. See Note 7, Income Taxes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Segment results 
 
 Electrical Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Change ) Change ) Net sales 2,675,074 3,013,755 (338,681) (11.2) Adjusted EBITDA 1,004,853 1,273,410 (268,557) (21.1) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 37.6 42.3 
 44 

Net sales 
 Change ) Volume (0.3) Average selling prices (15.7) Acquisitions 5.3 Other (0.5) Net sales (11.2) 
 
 Net sales decreased by 338.7 million, or 11.2 , to 2,675.1 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 3,013.8 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease in net sales is primarily attributed to lower average selling prices of 475.6 million, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of 14.1 million and decreased sales volume of 9.2 million. These decreases were partially offset by increased net sales of 159.7 million from companies acquired during fiscal 2022 and 2023. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 268.6 million, or 21.1 , to 1,004.9 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 1,273.4 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA was largely due to lower average selling prices over input costs. 
 
 Safety Infrastructure 
 Fiscal year ended in thousands) September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Change ) Change ) Net sales 844,158 900,588 (56,430) (6.3) Adjusted EBITDA 103,231 138,390 (35,159) (25.4) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 12.2 15.4 
 
 Net sales 
 Change ) Volume 15.0 Average selling prices (19.1) Other (2.2) Net sales (6.3) 
 
 Net sales decreased 56.4 million, or 6.3 , to 844.2 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 900.6 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease is primarily attributed to lower average selling prices of 171.0 million and the economic value of solar tax credits to be transferred to certain customers of 30.4 million partially offset by higher volumes of 134.2 million and increased net sales of 9.2 million from companies acquired during fiscal 2022. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 35.2 million, or 25.4 , to 103.2 million for fiscal 2023 compared to 138.4 million for fiscal 2022. The Adjusted EBITDA decrease was primarily due to lower average selling prices and over input costs and the impacts of solar tax credits transferred to certain customers. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 On November 17, 2023, we announced that our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend program under which the Company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. 
 45 

The quarterly dividend program and the subsequent consideration, declaration and payment of each quarterly cash dividend will be subject to our board s approval. Our board of directors retain the power to modify, suspend, or cancel the dividend program in any manner and at any time that our board may deem necessary or appropriate. 
 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to support our ongoing operations and to invest in future growth and create value for stockholders. Our cash and cash equivalents were 351.4 million as of September 30, 2024, of which 101.8 million was held at non-U.S. subsidiaries. Those cash balances at foreign subsidiaries may be subject to withholding or local country taxes if the Company's intention to permanently reinvest such income were to change and cash was repatriated to the United States. Our cash and cash equivalents decreased 36.7 million from September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower cash provided by operating activities and increased dividend payments, partially offset by less cash used in capital expenditures, acquisitions, and share repurchases. 
 
 In general, we require cash to fund working capital investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt repayment, interest payments, taxes, dividends and share repurchases. We have access to the ABL Credit Facility to fund our operational needs. As of September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility (there were no standby letters of credit issued under the ABL Credit Facility). The borrowing base was estimated to be 325.0 million and approximately 325.0 million was available under the ABL Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our use of cash may fluctuate during the year and from year to year due to differences in demand and changes in economic conditions primarily related to the prices of commodities we purchase. 
 
 Capital expenditures have historically been necessary to expand and update the production capacity and improve the productivity of our manufacturing operations and IT initiatives aimed to facilitate the ease of doing business with Atkore. In FY24, 149.9 million was spent on equipment, which included both routine capital expenditures and spending on growth initiatives such as Water and Global Megaprojects. 
 
 We have purchase commitments of 103.2 million and 2.2 million for the years 2025 and 2026, which represent purchases of raw materials in the normal course of business for which all significant terms have been confirmed. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 2.0 million of income tax liability, gross unrecognized tax benefits of 3.4 million and gross interest and penalties of 0.5 million. Of these amounts, 3.3 million is classified as a non-current liability in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The projected company pension contribution for fiscal 2025 is 0.4 million. 
 
 Servicing of our existing debt instruments includes the following estimated cash outflows: 
 
 in thousands) Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Total Senior Notes due June 2031 400,000 400,000 New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Due May 2028 373,000 373,000 Interest payments (a) 42,544 78,760 56,091 34,472 211,867 Total 42,544 78,760 429,091 434,472 984,867 (a) Interest expense is estimated based on outstanding loan balances assuming principal payments are made according to the payment schedule and interest rates as of September 30, 2024 (4.25 for the Senior Notes, between 5.6 and 7.7 for the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility). 
 
 46 

Our ongoing liquidity needs are expected to be funded by cash on hand, net cash provided by operating activities and, as required, borrowings under the Credit Facilities. We expect that cash provided from operations and available capacity under the ABL Credit Facility will provide sufficient funds to operate our business, make expected capital expenditures and meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months, including payment of interest and principal on our debt. 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements that we believe are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 Limitations on Distributions and Dividends by Subsidiaries 
 
 Atkore and AII are each holding companies, and as such have no independent operations or material assets other than ownership of equity interests in their respective subsidiaries. Each company depends on its respective subsidiaries to distribute funds to them so that they may pay obligations and expenses, including satisfying obligations with respect to indebtedness. The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions and dividends to us depends on their operating results, cash requirements and financial and general business conditions, as well as restrictions under the laws of our subsidiaries' jurisdictions. 
 
 The agreements governing the Credit Facilities significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries, including AII, to pay dividends, make loans or otherwise transfer assets from AII and, in turn, to us. Further, AII's subsidiaries are permitted under the terms of the Credit Facilities to incur additional indebtedness that may restrict or prohibit the making of distributions, the payment of dividends or the making of loans by such subsidiaries to AII and, in turn, to us. The New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility requires AII to meet a certain consolidated coverage ratio on an incurrence basis in connection with additional indebtedness. The ABL Credit Facility contains limits on additional indebtedness based on various conditions for incurring the additional debt. AII has been in compliance with the covenants under the agreements for all periods presented. See Note 13, Debt to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The table below summarizes cash flow information derived from our statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Fiscal year ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change ) Change ) Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 549,033 807,634 (258,601) (32.0) Investing activities (154,336) (302,150) 147,814 (48.9) Financing activities (435,282) (506,781) 71,499 (14.1) 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 During fiscal 2024, operating activities provided 549.0 million of cash, compared to 807.6 million during fiscal year 2023. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by lower operating income of 268.7 million and tax impacts of 6.5 million, partially offset by less cash used in working capital of 5.2 million and higher depreciation and amortization of 15.4 million. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 During fiscal 2024, we used 154.3 million of cash for investing activities compared to 302.2 million during fiscal 2023. The 147.8 million decrease in cash used by investing activities was primarily driven 
 47 

by 77.3 million in decreased cash used for acquisitions in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 and decreased capital expenditures of 69.0 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During fiscal 2024, we used 435.3 million for financing activities compared to 506.8 million during fiscal 2023. The decrease in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by repurchases of shares of 381.0 million in fiscal 2024 as compared to 491.0 million of share repurchases in fiscal 2023, partially offset by dividends paid of 34.5 million in fiscal 2024. 
 
 The table below summarizes cash flow information derived from our statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 
 
 Fiscal year ended (in thousands) September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Change ) Change ) Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 807,634 786,835 20,799 2.6 Investing activities (302,150) (442,802) 140,652 (31.8) Financing activities (506,781) (524,206) 17,425 (3.3) 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 During fiscal 2023, operating activities provided 807.6 million of cash, compared to 786.8 million during fiscal year 2022. Cash provided by operating activities increased by 20.8 million primarily driven by less cash used in working capital of 105.8 million, tax impacts of 229.3 million and partially offset by lower operating income of 340.3 million. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we used 302.2 million of cash for investing activities compared to 442.8 million during fiscal 2022. The 140.7 million decrease in cash used by investing activities was primarily driven by 224.4 million in decreased cash used for acquisitions in fiscal 2022, partially offset by increased capital expenditures of 83.1 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we used 506.8 million for financing activities compared to 524.2 million during fiscal 2022. The decrease in cash used for financing activities during fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by repurchases of shares of 491.0 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to 500.2 million of share repurchases in fiscal 2022. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations, financial condition and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The following are our most critical accounting policies, which are those that require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, requiring the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 
 
 The following discussion is not intended to represent a comprehensive list of our accounting policies. For a detailed discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 1, Basis of 
 48 

Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company s revenue arrangements primarily consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods which is satisfied at a point in time when title, risks and rewards of ownership, and subsequently control have transferred to the customer. This generally occurs when the product is shipped to the customer, with an immaterial amount of transactions in which control transfers upon delivery. The Company primarily offers assurance-type standard warranties that do not represent separate performance obligations. 
 
 The Company has certain arrangements that require it to estimate at the time of sale the amounts of variable consideration that should not be recorded as revenue as certain amounts are not expected to be collected from customers, as well as an estimate of the value of products to be returned. The Company principally relies on historical experience, specific customer agreements, and anticipated future trends to estimate these amounts at the time of sale and to reduce the transaction price. These arrangements include sales discounts and allowances, volume rebates, and returned goods. Historically, adjustments related to these estimates have not been material. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 In determining income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments affect the calculation of certain tax liabilities and the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. Certain deferred tax assets are reviewed for recoverability and valued accordingly, considering available positive and negative evidence, including our past results, estimated future taxable income streams and the impact of tax planning strategies in the applicable tax paying jurisdiction. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is considered more likely than not to be realized. Valuations related to tax accruals and assets can be impacted by changes in accounting regulations, changes in tax codes and rulings, changes in statutory tax rates, and changes in our forecasted future taxable income. Any reduction in future taxable income, including but not limited to any future restructuring activities, may require that we record an additional valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance could result in additional income tax expense in such period and could have a significant impact on our future earnings. 
 
 In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Certain tax positions may be considered uncertain requiring an assessment of whether an allowance should be recorded. Our provision for uncertain tax positions provides a recognition threshold based on an estimate of whether it is more likely than not that a position will be sustained upon examination. We measure our uncertain tax position as the largest amount of benefit that has greater than a 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of provision for income taxes. 
 
 We recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. See Note 7, Income Taxes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 49 

Business Combinations 
 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. For intangible assets acquired in a business combination, we typically use the income method. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growth rates, discount rates and useful lives. The excess of the purchase price over fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets and Goodwill Impairments 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets primarily result from business combinations. The Company assesses the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names on an annual basis in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. The measurement date is the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently, if events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or the respective indefinite-lived trade name is less than the carrying value. The Company can elect to perform a quantitative or qualitative test of impairment. 
 
 For fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment for goodwill. The Company calculated the fair value of its six reporting units considering three valuation approaches: (a) the income approach; (b) the guideline public company method; and (c) the comparable transaction method. The income approach calculates the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow approach. Internally forecasted future cash flows, which the Company believes reasonably approximate market participant assumptions, are discounted using a weighted average cost of capital (Discount Rate) developed for each reporting unit. The Discount Rate is developed using market observable inputs, as well as considering whether or not there is a measure of risk related to the specific reporting unit s forecasted performance. The key uncertainties in these calculations are the assumptions used in determining the reporting unit s forecasted future performance, including revenue growth and EBITDA margins, as well as the perceived risk associated with those forecasts. Fair value under the guideline public company method is determined for each reporting unit by applying market multiples for comparable public companies to the reporting unit s financial results. Fair value under the comparable transaction method is determined based on exchange prices in actual transactions and on asking prices for controlling interests in public or private companies currently offered for sale by applying market multiples for comparable public companies to the unit s financial results. The key uncertainties in the guideline public company method and the comparable transaction method calculations are the assumptions used in determining the reporting unit's comparable public companies, comparable transactions and the selection of the market multiples. 
 
 The Company did not record any goodwill impairments in fiscal 2024 or 2022. In 2023, as a result of the Company s plan to exit operations in Russia and expectation to sell the related business at a loss, the Company recognized a 1.7 million goodwill impairment on the related reporting unit on a relative fair value basis. Excluding the goodwill impairment on the Company s Russia business, as of September 30, 2024, the fair values of the reporting units exceeded their respective carrying amount by 10 or more. A 10 decrease in the discounted cash flows utilized in quantitative impairment assessment for each of the reporting units would not have changed our determination that the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value. 
 
 As noted above, ASC 350 also requires that the Company test the indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. Under ASC 350, if the carrying value of the indefinite-lived asset is higher than its fair value, then the asset is deemed to be impaired and the impairment charge is estimated as the excess carrying value over the fair value. The Company calculated the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets using the income approach, specifically the relief-from-royalty method. The relief-from-royalty method is used to estimate the cost savings that accrue to the owner of an 
 50 

intangible asset who would otherwise have to pay royalties or license fees on revenues earned through the use of the asset. Internally forecasted revenues, which the Company believes reasonably approximate market participant assumptions, are multiplied by a royalty rate to arrive at the estimated net after tax cost savings. The royalty rate used in the analysis is based on an analysis of empirical, market-derived royalty rates for guideline intangible assets. The net after tax cost savings are discounted using the Discount Rate. The Discount Rate is developed using market observable inputs, as well as considering whether or not there is a measure of risk related to the specific indefinite lived intangible assets' forecasted performance. The key uncertainties in these calculations are the assumptions used in determining the revenue associated with each indefinite-lived intangible asset and the royalty rate. 
 
 During fiscal year 2024, 2023, and 2022 the results indicated all indefinite-lived intangible assets had significant excess of fair value over the carrying value. A reasonably possible change in the estimated revenues associated with the indefinite-lived intangible assets, selected royalty rates or the residual growth rate would not result in an impairment of any of these assets. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 We account for inventory valuation for a majority of the Company using the last-in, first-out LIFO method measured at the lower of cost or market value. We utilize the LIFO method of valuing inventories because it reflects how we monitor and manage our business and it matches current costs and revenues. Valuation of inventory using the LIFO method is made at the end of our fiscal year based on inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on estimates of expected year-end inventory levels and costs. Other inventories, consisting mostly of foreign inventories, are measured using first-in, first-out FIFO costing methods. Inventory cost, regardless of valuation method, includes direct material, direct labor and manufacturing overhead costs. In circumstances where inventory levels are in excess of anticipated market demand, where inventory is deemed technologically obsolete or not marketable due to its condition or where the inventory cost for an item exceeds its market value, we record a charge to cost of goods sold and reduce the inventory to its market value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements and cautionary statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions and information currently available to management. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as believes, expects, may, will, shall, should, would, could, seeks, aims, projects, is optimistic, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or other comparable terms. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report and include, without limitation, statements regarding our intentions, beliefs, assumptions or current expectations concerning, among other things, financial position; results of operations; cash flows; prospects; growth strategies or expectations; customer retention; the outcome (by judgment or settlement) and costs of legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings, investigations or inspections, including, without limitation, collective, representative or class action litigation; and the impact of prevailing economic conditions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance and outcomes, including, without limitation, our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the 
 51 

market in which we operate, may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and the development of the market in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of important factors, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties discussed or referenced under the captions Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Additional factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 declines in, and uncertainty regarding, the general business and economic conditions in the United States and international markets in which we operate; 
 weakness or another downturn in the United States non-residential construction industry; 
 widespread outbreak of diseases; 
 changes in prices of raw materials; 
 pricing pressure, reduced profitability, or loss of market share due to intense competition; 
 availability and cost of third-party freight carriers and energy; 
 high levels of imports of products similar to those manufactured by us; 
 changes in federal, state, local and international governmental regulations and trade policies; 
 adverse weather conditions; 
 increased costs relating to future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental, health and safety laws; 
 reduced spending by, deterioration in the financial condition of, or other adverse developments, including inability or unwillingness to pay our invoices on time, with respect to one or more of our top customers; 
 increases in our working capital needs, which are substantial and fluctuate based on economic activity and the market prices for our main raw materials, including as a result of failure to collect, or delays in the collection of, cash from the sale of manufactured products; 
 work stoppage or other interruptions of production at our facilities as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining agreements, as a result of supplier financial distress, or for other reasons; 
 changes in our financial obligations relating to pension plans that we maintain in the United States; 
 reduced production or distribution capacity due to interruptions in the operations of our facilities or those of our key suppliers; 
 loss of a substantial number of our third-party agents or distributors or a dramatic deviation from the amount of sales they generate; 
 security threats, attacks, or other disruptions to our information systems, or failure to comply with complex network security, data privacy and other legal obligations or the failure to protect sensitive information; 
 possible impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets as a result of future triggering events, such as declines in our cash flow projections or customer demand and changes in our business and valuation assumptions; 
 safety and labor risks associated with the manufacture and in the testing of our products; 
 product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and litigation relating to our various products, as well as government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other legal proceedings; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and other material proprietary rights; 
 risks inherent in doing business internationally; 
 changes in foreign laws and legal systems, including as a result of Brexit; 
 our inability to introduce new products effectively or implement our innovation strategies; 
 our inability to continue importing raw materials, component parts and/or finished goods; 
 the incurrence of liabilities and the issuance of additional debt or equity in connection with acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures and the failure of indemnification provisions in our acquisition agreements to fully protect us from unexpected liabilities; 
 52 

failure to manage acquisitions successfully, including identifying, evaluating, and valuing acquisition targets and integrating acquired companies, businesses or assets; 
 the incurrence of additional expenses, increase in complexity of our supply chain and potential damage to our reputation with customers resulting from regulations related to conflict minerals 
 disruptions or impediments to the receipt of sufficient raw materials resulting from various anti-terrorism security measures; 
 restrictions contained in our debt agreements; 
 failure to generate cash sufficient to pay the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due on our debt; 
 challenges attracting and retaining key personnel or high-quality employees; 
 future changes to tax legislation; 
 failure to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to satisfy existing obligations and support the development of our business; and 
 other risks and factors described in this report and from time to time in documents that we file with the SEC. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from expectations. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf that are made in this Annual Report are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we do not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, and changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. 
 
 Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends, or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 In the normal course of conducting business, we are exposed to certain risks associated with potential changes in market conditions. These risks include fluctuations in interest rates, credit risks, commodity prices, including price fluctuations related to our primary raw materials and foreign currency translation rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Credit Facilities, excluding our Senior Notes, bear interest at a floating rate. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility to implement a forward-looking interest rate based on SOFR in lieu of LIBOR, consisting of an applicable margin of 2.00 and a credit spread adjustment of (i) 0.11448 for a one-month interest period, (ii) 0.26161 for a three-month interest period and (iii) 0.42826 for a six-month interest period. Further, on March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the Amended ABL Credit Facility to implement a forward-looking interest rate based on SOFR in lieu of LIBOR consisting of an applicable margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 . As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates to the extent of our net borrowings under the New Senior Secured Term Loan, which were 373.0 million at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, SOFR exceeded 1.00 ; therefore, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately 3.8 million change in the annual interest expense on our Senior Secured Term Loan Facility. As of September 30, 2024, assuming availability was fully utilized, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately 3.3 million change in annual interest expense on the ABL Credit Facility. Additionally, if the ABL Credit Facility were fully utilized, the margin we pay on borrowings would increase by 0.3 from the current level and we would incur additional interest expense of 1 million. 
 
 53 

Credit Risk 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk on accounts receivable balances. This risk is mitigated due to our large, diverse customer base. In fiscal 2024, our ten largest customers (including buyers and distributors in buying groups) accounted for approximately 40 of our net sales. As of September 30, 2024, Sonepar USA represented 17 and CED National represented 11 of the Company s accounts receivable, with no significant amounts past due. As of September 30, 2023, Sonepar USA represented 14 and CED National represented 11 of the Company s accounts receivable with no significant amounts past due. See Note 17, Segment Information to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 We maintain provisions for potential credit losses and such losses to date have normally been within our expectations. We evaluate the solvency of our customers on an ongoing basis to determine if additional allowances for doubtful accounts receivable need to be recorded. We have historically not been exposed to a material amount of uncollectible receivable balances. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to price fluctuations for our primary raw material commodities such as steel, copper, PVC resin and HDPE resin. Our operating performance may be affected by both upward and downward price fluctuations. We are also exposed to fluctuations in petroleum costs as we deliver a substantial portion of the products we sell by truck. We seek to minimize the effects of inflation and changing prices through economies of purchasing and inventory management resulting in cost reductions and productivity improvements as well as price increases to maintain reasonable gross margins. Such commodity price fluctuations continue to cause volatility in our financial performance and could do so in the future. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further details. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Because we conduct our business on an international basis in multiple currencies, we may be adversely affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Although we report financial results in United States dollars, approximately 12 of our net sales and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar, particularly British pounds sterling, European euros, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, and New Zealand dollars. Fluctuations in exchange rates could therefore significantly affect our reported results from period to period as we translate results in local currencies into United States dollars. With the exception of certain foreign denominated intercompany loans, we generally do not use derivative instruments to hedge translation risks in the ordinary course of business, including the risk related to earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Due to limited cross border transactions, we do not experience material foreign exchange transactional gains or losses. 

54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Atkore Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Atkore Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Part IV, Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 20, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 

November 20, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 
 55 

ATKORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands, except per share data) Note September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Intangible asset amortization 12 Operating income Interest expense, net Other (income) and expense, net 6 ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense 7 Net income Net income per share Basic 8 Diluted 8 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 56 

ATKORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) Note September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) Change in unrecognized income related to pension benefit plans Total other comprehensive (loss) income 9 ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

57 

ATKORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) Note September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for current and expected credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net 10 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net 11 Intangible assets, net 12 Goodwill 12 Right-of-use assets, net 2 Deferred income taxes 7 Other long-term assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Income tax payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Customer liabilities 1 Lease obligations 2 Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt 13 Long-term lease obligations 2 Deferred income taxes 7 Other long-term liabilities Total Liabilities Equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss 9 ) ) Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 58 

ATKORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Fiscal year ended (in thousands) Note September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount Deferred income taxes 7 Provision for losses on accounts receivable and inventory Stock-based compensation expense 5 Amortization of right-of-use assets 2 Other adjustments to net income ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of properties, plant and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired 3 ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Issuance of common stock, net of taxes withheld 5 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Finance lease payments ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplementary Cash Flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds Capital expenditures, not yet paid 
 59 

Fiscal year ended (in thousands) Note September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Acquisitions of businesses, not yet paid Operating cash flows from cash paid on operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 60 

ATKORE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the three year period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity (in thousands) Shares Amount Amount Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Retirement of Treasury Stock ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of shares withheld for tax ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends Paid to Shareholders ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 61 

ATKORE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Additionally, holders of common stock are entitled to receive, on a pro rata basis, dividends and distributions, if any, that the Company s board of directors may declare out of legally available funds. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program On November 16, 2021, the board of directors approved a share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding common stock. On April 26, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the aforementioned plan, extending it to a total repurchase of the Company s outstanding common stock of up to million. 
 
 On November 11, 2022, the board of directors approved an amendment to the aforementioned plan, extending it to a total repurchase authorization of the Company s outstanding stock of million. As of September 30, 2024, there were authorized repurchases remaining. 
 
 On May 2, 2024, the board of directors approved a share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding stock. As of September 30, 2024, million of repurchases remained available under the plan. 

62 

for the economic value of tax credits to be transferred and a benefit to cost of sales of . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has a liability of for credits to be transferred or the value thereof. As of September 30, 2024, all activity related to the solar energy tax credits is within the Safety Infrastructure segment. 
 
 The Company has certain arrangements that require it to estimate at the time of sale the amounts of variable consideration that should not be recorded as revenue as certain amounts are not expected to be collected from customers, as well as an estimate of the value of products to be returned. The Company principally relies on historical experience, specific customer agreements, and anticipated future trends to estimate these amounts at the time of sale and to reduce the transaction price. These arrangements include sales discounts and allowances, volume rebates, and returned goods. The Company records its obligations related to these items within the Customer Liabilities line on the balance sheet. 
 
 The Company has elected to utilize certain practical expedients available under GAAP. The Company records amounts billed to customers for reimbursement of shipping and handling costs within revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in cost of sales. Sales taxes and other usage-based taxes are excluded from revenue. The practical expedient not to disclose information about remaining performance obligations has also been elected as these obligations have an original duration of one year or less. The Company does not evaluate whether the selling price includes a financing interest component for contracts that are less than a year. The Company also expenses costs incurred to obtain a contract, primarily sales commissions, as all obligations will be settled in less than one year. 
 
 63 

to days from the point it has satisfied the related performance obligation. See Note 17, Segment Information for revenue disaggregated by geography and product categories. 

See Note 10, Inventories, net. 

to years 
 Building improvements to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of remaining term of the lease or useful life Software to years 

The internal and external costs incurred to develop internal use computer software during the application development stage of the implementation, including the design of the chosen path, are capitalized. Other costs, including expenses incurred during the preliminary project stage, training expenses, data conversion costs and expenses incurred in the post implementation stage are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized ratably over the useful life of the software when the software becomes operational. Upgrades and enhancements to internal use software are capitalized only if the costs result in additional functionality. The Company does not plan to sell or market its internal use computer software to third parties. 
 
 64 

. 
 
 to years. The Company evaluates the appropriateness of remaining useful lives based on customer attrition rates. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-lined basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from to years. The Company did not have a triggering event during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 reporting units considering three valuation approaches: (a) the income approach; (b) the guideline public company method; and (c) the comparable transaction method. The income approach calculates the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow approach. Internally forecasted future cash flows, which the Company believes reasonably approximate market participant assumptions, are discounted using a weighted average cost of capital (Discount Rate) developed for each reporting unit. The Discount Rate is developed using market observable inputs, as well as considering whether or not there is a measure of risk related to the specific reporting unit s forecasted performance. The key uncertainties in these calculations are the assumptions used in determining the reporting unit s forecasted future performance, including revenue growth and EBITDA margins, as well as the perceived risk associated with those forecasts. Fair value under the guideline public company method is determined for each reporting unit by applying market multiples for comparable public companies to the reporting unit s financial results. Fair value under the comparable transaction method is determined based on exchange prices in actual transactions and on asking prices for controlling interests in public or private companies currently offered for sale by applying market multiples for comparable public companies to the unit s financial results. The key uncertainties in the guideline public company method and the comparable transaction method calculations are the assumptions used in determining the reporting unit's comparable public companies, comparable transactions and the selection of the market multiples. 
 65 

in fiscal 2023 that was allocated from the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis. With the exception of the impairment recorded to the expected sale of the Russia operations, the Company did t record any other goodwill impairments in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. 

The Company did t record any indefinite-lived asset impairments in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. 

66 

See Note 7, Income Taxes. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, H.R.1, also known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA was signed into law. As part of the enactment of TCJA, the Company recorded a global intangible low-taxed income GILTI provision for the first time beginning in fiscal 2019. The GILTI provision of TCJA requires certain income earned by controlled foreign corporations CFCs to be included currently in the gross income of the CFCs controlling U.S. shareholder. In accordance with accounting standards applicable to income taxes, there is allowed an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI as a current period expense when incurred (the period cost method or (2) factoring such amounts into the Company s measurement of its deferred taxes (the deferred method ). The Company has elected the period method. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the IRA was enacted into law. The IRA contains significant tax law changes, including a corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 on adjusted financial statement income, which took effect on October 1, 2023, a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and various tax incentives which include, but are not limited to, credits related to the manufacturing and selling of components used in the solar energy industry which took effect on January 1, 2023. These tax credits are transferable under the IRA when they meet certain criteria. When credits do not meet the transferability criteria, the benefit is recognized within income tax expense in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. Beginning in fiscal 2024, the Company has concluded that the credits generated are transferable. As such, the benefit of the solar energy tax credits is recognized as a reduction of cost of sales. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Leases for further discussion of the Company s accounting policy for leases. 

67 

68 

Leases 
 
 Finance lease assets Right-of-use assets, at cost Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Right-of-use assets, net Liabilities Current liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Current lease obligations Noncurrent liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Long-term lease obligations Total lease obligations 
 
 Lease Cost 
 
 and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 69 

Interest on lease liabilities Variable lease costs Short term lease costs Total lease costs 
 
 Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and after Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 

of accrued purchase price primarily related to the fiscal 2022 acquisition of Cascade Poly Pipe Conduit and Northwest Polymers. No other acquisition activity occurred during fiscal 2024. 
 
 70 

, of which was paid at closing and an additional purchase price payable of was accrued, of which was paid in fiscal 2023 subsequent to the acquisition date. Elite is a manufacturer of high density polyethylene (HDPE) conduit, primarily serving the telecommunications, utility, and transportation markets. As a result of the acquisition, the Company preliminarily recognized of tax deductible goodwill, of identifiable intangible assets, of which relates to customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years, and of working capital and other net tangible assets. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Elite in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 The acquisition in fiscal 2023 was funded using cash-on-hand. The Company incurred approximately in acquisition-related expenses for fiscal 2023, which was recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Net sales and net income of the above acquisition are included in the condensed consolidated financial statement of operations for the post-acquisition period. Due to the immaterial nature of this acquisition, the Company did not include the pro forma results of operations for this acquisition for the current period or the previous interim period. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 On August 31, 2022, Atkore International Inc., and Atkore HDPE, LLC, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, acquired the outstanding stock of separate, but related, companies doing business as Cascade Poly Pipe Conduit Cascade and Northwest Polymers, for a total purchase price of , of which was paid at closing and an additional purchase price payable of was accrued. Cascade is a manufacturer specializing in smooth wall HDPE conduit made from recycled materials, primarily serving the telecommunications, utility and datacom markets. Northwest Polymers is a leading recycler of PVC, HDPE and other plastics and a strategic supply partner to Cascade and other manufacturers. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of these companies in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 On June 22, 2022, Atkore International Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of United Poly Systems, LLC United Poly ), for a purchase price of . United Poly is a manufacturer of high density polyethylene HDPE pressure pipe and conduit, primarily serving the telecommunications, water infrastructure, renewables and energy markets. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of United Poly in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 On May 19, 2022, Allied Tube and Conduit Corporation, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company acquired the assets of Talon Products, LLC Talon ), for a purchase price of . Included in Talon s purchase price is a purchase price payable of . Talon is a manufacturer of non-metallic, injection molded cable cleats, primarily serving the power distribution markets. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Talon in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 On December 21, 2021, Atkore HDPE, LLC and Allied Tube and Conduit Corporation, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, acquired the assets of Four Star Industries LLC Four Star ), for a purchase price of . Four Star is a manufacturer of HDPE conduit, primarily serving the telecommunications, utility, infrastructure and datacom markets. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Four Star in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 On December 20, 2021, Columbia-MBF Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Sasco Tubes Roll Forming Inc. Sasco ), for a purchase price of , of which was paid at closing and an additional purchase price payable of was accrued. Sasco is a Canadian manufacturer of metal framing and related products serving the electrical, mechanical, construction and solar industries. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation of Sasco in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 71 

in acquisition-related expenses for these acquisitions, which were recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 The purchase price was allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their fair values. 
 
 Purchase price payable Working Capital Adjustment Total consideration transferred Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash Accounts receivable Inventories Intangible assets Fixed assets Accounts payable ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Other ) ) Net assets acquired Excess purchase price attributed to goodwill acquired 
 
 The Company estimates million of the goodwill recognized by the fiscal 2022 acquisitions is deductible for tax purposes, million that relates to United Poly and million that relates to Cascade and Northwest Polymer. The Company estimates Goodwill recognized from the acquisitions in fiscal 2022 consists largely of the synergies and economies of scale from integrating this company with existing businesses. 
 
 Other Total intangible assets 
 
 72 

Pro forma net income 
 
 The pro forma condensed financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not indicate the actual financial results of the Company if the closing of the acquisitions in the current year had been completed on October 1, 2020, nor is it indicative of the results of operations in future periods. Included in the unaudited pro forma financial information for the years ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 were pro forma adjustments to reflect the results of operations of the acquisitions in the current year as though those acquisitions were completed as of October 1, 2020, as well as the impact of amortizing certain acquisition accounting adjustments such as amortizable intangible assets. The pro forma financial information neither indicates the impact of possible business model changes nor considers any potential impact of current market conditions, expense efficiencies or other factors. 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic cost ) 
 
 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost during the period were as follow: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/a N/a N/a 

73 

Interest cost Actuarial loss ) Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Interest cost Actuarial gain Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Change in plan assets: Balance as of September 30, 2022 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits and administrative expenses paid ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Funded status: Funded status as of September 30, 2023 Funded status as of September 30, 2024 

Pension liabilities Net amount recognized Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (before income taxes) consist of: Net actuarial loss ) ) Total loss recognized ) ) Weighted-average assumptions used to determine pension benefit obligations at year end: Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/a N/a 
 
 74 

Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Neither plan had accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Neither plan had projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 In determining the expected return on plan assets, the Company considers the relative weighting of plan assets by class, historical performance of asset classes over long-term periods, asset class performance expectations as well as current and future economic conditions. The Company s investment strategy for its pension plans is to manage the plans on a going-concern basis. Current investment policy is to minimize risk in the plan assets for the purpose of enhancing the security of benefits for participants. For the pension plans, this policy targets a allocation to debt securities. As of September 30, 2024, the of plan assets held in cash and cash equivalents is a result of timing differences as the Company continues to move to the target allocation of 100 debt securities. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 
 The Company evaluates its defined benefit plans asset portfolios for the existence of significant concentrations of risk, such as investments in a single entity, industry, foreign country and individual fund manager. As of September 30, 2024, there were no significant concentrations of risk in the Company s defined benefit plan assets. 
 
 The Company s plan assets are accounted for at fair value and are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value of assets and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents Total 

75 

and to its pension plans for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The Company anticipates that it will contribute at least the minimum required contribution of to its pension plans in fiscal 2025. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2028 to 2032 
 
 Defined Contribution Retirement Plans The Company also sponsors several defined contribution retirement plans - the 401(k) matching programs. Expense for the defined contribution plans is computed as a percentage of participants compensation and was , and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Multi-Employer Plan The Company has a liability of as of September 30, 2024 and as of September 30, 2023 representing the Company s proportionate share of a multi-employer pension plan which was exited prior to fiscal 2017. 

76 

million shares of common stock is reserved for issuance under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. All stock option awards have a life. All share-based awards are expected to be fulfilled with new shares of common stock. Stock compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and was , and for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized for share-based compensation arrangements was , and for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 In accordance with ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation, stock compensation expense for stock options is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (generally the vesting period), net of actual forfeitures based on the grant-date fair value of the option under the equity accounting method. 
 
 Expected volatility n/a Range of risk-free interest rates n/a years years 
 (a) No options were issued in Fiscal 2024. 
 
 On November 17, 2023, the company announced that quarterly dividends will be paid on the Company s common stock starting in fiscal 2024. No stock options were granted in fiscal 2024. For grants during fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022, the expected volatility is based on the Company s stock price volatility. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the options. The expected life of options is estimated using the simplified method due to limited historical exercise activity. The Company does not estimate forfeitures, which are accounted for as they occur. 
 77 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding as of September 30, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Outstanding as of September 30, 2023 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested options granted expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The total fair value of shares vested during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Cash received from stock option exercises for the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. The actual tax benefit for the tax deductions from stock option exercises totaled , and , respectively, for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022. The Company does not settle any option exercises, under its current stock incentive plan, in cash. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Generally, RSUs granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan vest ratably over . The fair value of RSU grants was based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. RSU compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period. 

78 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of September 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of September 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Dividends Nonvested as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested RSUs granted, expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The total fair value of RSUs vested during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and respectively. 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 
 The Company awards PSUs whose vesting is contingent upon meeting or exceeding certain market and performance conditions. The performance condition, which was based on an adjusted net income, represented of the award and the market condition, which was based on Total Shareholder Return TSR of the Company's common stock relative to a peer group represented the remaining . All PSUs cliff vest at the end of based on the satisfaction of the performance conditions. Expense for the performance condition based award is recorded when the achievement of the performance condition is considered probable of achievement and is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. If such performance criteria are not met, no compensation cost is recognized and any recognized compensation cost is reversed. Expense for the market condition based award is recorded on a straight-line basis over the explicit service period. 
 
 The grant-date fair value for the performance condition based awards represents the closing stock price on the date of grant. For the grants in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the closing stock price on the date of grant was , and respectively. The grant-date fair value for the market condition based awards was determined using the Monte-Carlo method. 
 Expected volatility Expected life years years years Fair value 
 
 79 

Granted Vested ) Adjustment for achieved performance upon issuance Forfeited ) Nonvested as of September 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Adjustment for achieved performance upon issuance Forfeited ) Nonvested as of September 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Added by Dividends Adjustment for achieved performance upon issuance Forfeited ) Nonvested as of September 30, 2024 
 
 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested PSUs granted, expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

) Foreign exchange loss (gain) on intercompany loans ) Pension-related expense (benefit) ) Loss on assets held for sale Other Other (income) and expense, net ) 
 80 

and on assets related to the Company s operations in Russia for the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Non-U.S Income before income taxes Income tax expense: Current: United States: Federal State Non-U.S: Current income tax expense Deferred: United States: Federal State Non-U.S: ) ) ) Deferred income (benefit) tax expense Income tax expense 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile to the effective income tax rate: State income taxes Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Solar tax credits ) Nondeductible executive compensation Nontaxable solar tax credits ) Other Effective income tax rate 
 
 81 

offset by the tax benefit of nontaxable solar manufacturing credits of and the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation of . 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 differs from the statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes of , and solar tax credits of . 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 differs from the statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes of , and limitations on executive compensation of partially offset by , of excess tax benefit from share-based compensation. 
 
 Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes. 
 Tax loss and credit carryforwards Capitalized research and development Inventory Lease obligations Other Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Right-of-use assets, net ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax liability before valuation allowance ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has of state net operating loss carryforwards which expire beginning in 2025 through 2044. In certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of which have an expiration period ranging from to unlimited. 
 
 Valuation allowances have been established on net operating losses and other deferred tax assets in Luxembourg, Australia, France, China, and other foreign and United States state jurisdictions, as a result of the Company's determination that there is less than 50 likelihood that these assets will be realized. Evidence for this determination includes three year cumulative loss positions, future reversal of temporary differences, and expectations of future losses. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of and which, if recognized, would positively benefit the effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had accrued interest and penalties of and , respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 82 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Additions based on tax positions related to current year Settlements ) Balance as of September 30, 2022 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years ) Additions based on tax positions related to current year Settlements ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Additions based on tax positions related to current year Expiration of statute of limitations ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 During fiscal 2024, the balance of unrecognized tax benefits increased by as a result of federal and various state jurisdictions uncertain positions, partially offset by a decrease of as a result of completing tax audits. The related accrued penalties and interest for uncertain tax positions increased by . 
 
 During fiscal 2023, the balance of unrecognized tax benefits increased by as a result of federal and various state jurisdictions uncertain positions, partially offset by a decrease of as a result of completing tax audits and the expiration of the statute of limitations in various state jurisdictions. The related accrued penalties and interest for uncertain tax positions increased by . 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the balance of unrecognized tax benefits decreased by as a result of completing state tax audits and the expiration of the statute of limitations in various state jurisdictions, partially offset by an increase of , primarily related to various state jurisdictions uncertain tax positions. The related accrued penalties and interest for uncertain tax positions decreased by . 

Many of the Company s uncertain tax positions relate to tax years that remain subject to audit by the taxing authorities. 

The Company's income tax returns are examined periodically by various taxing authorities. The Company is currently under examination in various state jurisdictions. Based on the current status of its income tax audits, the Company believes that it is reasonably possible that there would be no material changes to the unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
 
 Other Income Tax Matters Prior to the passage of the TCJA, foreign undistributed earnings were generally subject to U.S. taxation when repatriated. The TCJA imposed a one-time transition tax on previously untaxed accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The Company has accumulated earnings and profits deficit, therefore did not record an additional tax liability for the transition tax. The TCJA adopts a new quasi-territorial tax regime that eliminates U.S income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries. The Company may still be liable for foreign taxes, such as withholding taxes, if earnings are repatriated. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded additional liability for United States or non-U.S income taxes on the undistributed income of subsidiaries for unrecognized deferred 
 83 

of undistributed income that the Company intends to permanently reinvest. A liability could arise if the Company's intention to permanently reinvest such income were to change and amounts are distributed by such subsidiaries or if such subsidiaries are ultimately disposed of. It is not practicable to estimate the additional income taxes related to permanently reinvested income or the basis differences related to investments in subsidiaries. 

84 

Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities Net income available to common shareholders Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Non-participating employee stock options (1) Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 (1) There were stock options to purchase shares of common stock outstanding during the years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2022, respectively, that would have been anti-dilutive. Any anti-dilutive options available would not be included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

85 

Tax expense ) ) ) Net reclassifications for the period 

and of the Company's inventories are valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Work in process, net Finished goods, net Inventories, net 
 
 Total inventories would be lower and higher than reported as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, if the first-in, first-out method was used for all inventories. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, inventory quantities in specific pools were lower at the end of the period than the quantities at the beginning of the period. This reduction resulted in a liquidation of LIFO inventory quantities carried at net lower costs prevailing in the respective prior years as compared with the cost of respective current year purchases. The effect of this inventory reduction resulted in decreased cost of goods sold and increased operating income of approximately and . 
 
 and , respectively. 

86 

Buildings and related improvements Machinery and equipment Leasehold improvements Software Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 , and , respectively. 

Goodwill acquired during year Impairment ) ) Other purchase accounting adjustments Exchange rate effects Balance as of September 30, 2023 Exchange rate effects Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Goodwill balances include and of accumulated impairment losses within the Electrical and Safety Infrastructure segments, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized an impairment of goodwill that was allocated from the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis of r elated to its plans to exit operations in Russia. No additional goodwill impairments were recognized in fiscal 2024. 

87 

) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets: Trade names Total ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter 

Senior Notes Due June 1, 2031 ABL Credit Facility Deferred financing costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 No principal payments were made on existing debt in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2024. 

88 

2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total 
 
 Senior Notes - On May 26, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale of the million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2031 (the Senior Notes in a private offering. The Senior Notes were sold only to qualified institutional buyers in compliance with Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and to non-U.S. persons outside of the United States in compliance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
 
 New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility - On May 26, 2021, the Company entered into a new million senior secured term loan facility (the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ). The New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility will mature on May 26, 2028 and borrowings thereunder bear interest at the rate of either (x) LIBOR (with a floor of plus , or (y) an alternate base rate (with a floor of plus . The New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility has an annual amortization rate of . 
 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility to implement a forward-looking interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR in lieu of LIBOR, consisting of an applicable margin of and a credit spread adjustment of (i) for a one-month interest period, (ii) for a three-month interest period and (iii) for a six-month interest period. The New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility will mature on May 26 2028. 
 
 On May 26, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the ABL Credit Facility. The amendment (i) extends the maturity of the facility to the earlier of from entering into the amendment or days prior to the maturity date of the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility if at least million of obligations remain outstanding under the New Senior Secured Term Loan Facility on such date (ii) decreases the interest rate margins applicable to loans under the facility to (a) in the case of United States dollar-denominated loans, either (x) LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from to , or (y) an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to or (b) in the case of Canadian dollar-denominated loans, either (x) the bankers acceptance rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to or (y) a Canadian prime rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to . (iii) decreases the fee payable with respect to unutilized availability under the facility from to , depending on the remaining availability under the ABL Credit Facility the rate may decrease to and (iv) made certain other changes agreed with the lenders under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 Further, on March 24, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the Amended ABL Credit Facility to implement a forward-looking interest rate based on SOFR in lieu of LIBOR, consisting of an applicable margin ranging from to and a credit spread adjustment of . 
 The Amended ABL Credit Facility has aggregate commitments of and is guaranteed by AII, the United States subsidiaries owned directly or indirectly by AII and certain other restricted subsidiaries of AII that AII causes to be a subsidiary guarantor from time to time including as of the closing date for the Amended ABL Credit Facility, Columbia-MBF, Inc., a corporation formed by amalgamation under the laws of Canada Columbia-MBF ). AII's availability under the ABL Credit Facility was and as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Availability under the ABL Credit Facility is subject to a borrowing base equal to the sum of of eligible accounts receivable plus the lesser of (i) of eligible inventory of each borrower and guarantor, valued at the lower of cost and fair market value and (ii) of the net orderly liquidation 
 89 

borrowings outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company accounted for the amendment to the ABL Credit Facility as a modification of debt. The ABL Credit Facility has remained unused in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024. 

The Company s remaining financial instruments consist primarily of cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable whose carrying value approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 Senior Notes due June 2031 Total debt 

In determining the approximate fair value of its long-term debt, the Company used the trading value among financial institutions, which were classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value of the ABL Credit Facility approximates fair value due to it being market-linked variable rate debt. 

90 

for fiscal 2025, for fiscal 2026 and thereafter. These amounts represent open purchase orders for materials used in production. 
 
 Insurable Liabilities The Company maintains policies with various insurance companies for its workers compensation, product, property, general, auto, and executive liability risks. The insurance policies that the Company maintains have various retention levels and excess coverage limits. The establishment and update of liabilities for unpaid claims, including claims incurred but not reported, is based on management's estimate as a result of the assessment by the Company's claim administrator of each claim and an independent actuarial valuation of the nature and severity of total claims. The Company utilizes a third-party claims administrator to pay claims, track and evaluate actual claims experience, and ensure consistency in the data used in the actuarial valuation. 
 
 Legal Contingencies Historically, a number of lawsuits have been filed against the Company and the Company has also received other claim demand letters alleging that the Company's anti-microbial coated steel sprinkler pipe, which the Company has not manufactured or sold for several years, is incompatible with chlorinated polyvinyl chloride and caused stress cracking in such pipe manufactured by third parties when installed together in the same sprinkler system, which the Company refers to collectively as the Special Products Claims. Tyco International Ltd. Tyco ), now Johnson Controls, Inc. JCI ), has a contractual obligation to indemnify the Company in respect of all remaining and future claims of incompatibility between the Company's antimicrobial coated steel sprinkler pipe and CPVC pipe used in the same sprinkler system. When Special Products Claims arise, JCI has defended and indemnified the Company as required. 
 
 At this time, the Company does not expect the outcome of the Special Products Claims proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and the Company believes that its reserves are adequate for all remaining contingencies for Special Products Claims. 
 
 In Q4, the Company has been named a defendant in several putative class action lawsuits, consolidated under the caption In re: PVC Pipe Antitrust Litigation (N.D. Ill. 24-cv-07639), seeking injunctive and monetary relief on behalf of both direct and indirect purchasers of PVC water pipe and PVC conduit. The suits generally allege anticompetitive conduct related the price of PVC pipes sold in the United States between approximately 2021 and the present. Specifically, the complaints allege that the defendant PVC pipe manufacturers improperly shared otherwise confidential information through their contribution of information to, and readership of, a weekly report called PVC Pipe Weekly published by defendant Oil Price Information Service, LLC OPIS ), as well as through direct communications with each other. The complaints claim that this conspiracy violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain state laws. All cases are pending in federal court for the Northern District of Illinois. The Company believes there are defenses, both factual and legal, to the allegations in these various proceedings and the Company plans to vigorously defend itself. As these proceedings are in the early stages, it is not possible for the Company to predict any outcome or estimate the amount of loss, if any, which could be associated with any adverse decision. While the Company does not believe that any of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, the Company cannot give assurance that the proceedings will not have a material effect on its results of operations. 
 
 In addition to the matters discussed above, from time to time, the Company is subject to a number of disputes, administrative proceedings and other claims arising out of the ordinary conduct of the Company's business. These matters generally relate to disputes arising out of the use or installation of the Company s products, product liability litigation, contract disputes, patent infringement accusations, employment matters, personal injury claims and similar matters. On the basis of information currently available to the Company, it does not believe that existing proceedings and claims will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, litigation is unpredictable, and the Company could incur judgments or enter into settlements for current or future claims that could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 91 

letters of credit outstanding to support workers compensation and general liability insurance policies and surety bonds primarily related to performance guarantees on supply agreements and construction contracts, and payment of duties and taxes totaling as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 In disposing of assets or businesses, the Company often provides representations, warranties and indemnities to cover various risks including unknown damage to the assets, environmental risks involved in the sale of real estate, liability to investigate and remediate environmental contamination at waste disposal sites and manufacturing facilities, and unidentified tax liabilities and legal fees related to periods prior to disposition. The Company does not have the ability to estimate the potential liability from such indemnities because they relate to unknown conditions. However, the Company has no reason to believe that these uncertainties would have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is liable for product performance and contract completion. In the opinion of management, such obligations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

92 

Safety Infrastructure Eliminations ) ) ) Consolidated operations 
 
 Capital Expenditures Total Assets (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Electrical Safety Infrastructure Unallocated Consolidated operations 
 
 Presented below is a reconciliation of operating segment Adjusted EBITDA to Income before income taxes: 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Operating segment Adjusted EBITDA Electrical Safety Infrastructure Total Unallocated expenses (a) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Transaction costs ) ) ) Loss on assets held for sale ) ) Other (b) ) ) ) Income before income taxes (a) Represents unallocated selling, general and administrative activities and associated expenses including, in part, executive, legal, finance, human resources, information technology, business development and communications, as well as certain costs and earnings of employee-related benefits plans, such as stock-based compensation and a portion of self-insured medical costs. (b) Represents other items, such as inventory reserves and adjustments, loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, release of indemnified uncertain tax positions, gain on purchase of business, loss on assets held for sale (includes loss on assets held for sale in Russia. See Note 12, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information), realized or unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency impacts of intercompany loans, impairment charges, related forward currency derivatives, transaction and restructuring costs. 

93 

Other Americas Europe Asia-Pacific Total 
 The table below shows the amount of net sales from external customers for each of the Company s product categories which accounted for 10 or more of consolidated net sales in any of the last three fiscal years: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Metal Electrical Conduit and Fittings Plastic Pipe Conduit and Fittings Electrical Cable and Flexible Conduit Other Electrical products (a) 
 Electrical Mechanical Tube Other Safety Infrastructure products (b) 
 Safety Infrastructure Net sales (a) Other Electrical products includes International Cable Management, Fiberglass Conduit and Corrosion Resistant Conduit (b) Other S I products includes Metal Framing and Fittings, Construction Services, Perimeter Security and Cable Management 
 
 Risks and Concentrations 
 
 Concentration of Credit Risk The Company extends credit to various customers in the retail and construction industries. Collection of trade receivables may be affected by changes in economic or other industry conditions and may, accordingly, impact the Company's overall credit risk. Although the Company generally does not require collateral, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of customers and maintains reserves for potential credit losses. As of September 30, 2024, Sonepar USA represented and CED National represented of the Company s accounts receivable, with no significant amounts past due. As of September 30, 2023, Sonepar USA represented and CED National represented of the Company s accounts receivable, with no significant amounts past due. For fiscal 2024, one customer, Sonepar USA accounted for more than 10 of sales, for fiscal 2023, one customer, Sonepar USA accounted for more than 10 of sales, for fiscal 2022, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of sales. 
 
 Concentration of Employees As of September 30, 2024, approximately of the Company's employees were represented by a union under a collective bargaining agreement. All unions are located in either the United States or Canada, with no unions or Worker's Councils at any of the other locations abroad. As of September 30, 2024, there are approximately employees represented by a union. On July 14, 2020, the Company and the United Steelworkers Union reached agreement on the terms of a new collective bargaining agreement for our largest facility in Harvey, Illinois, which expired 
 94 

per share of common stock payable on December 16, 2024, to stockholders of record on December 6, 2024. 
 95 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our President and CEO, William E. Waltz, and our Vice President and CFO, John M. Deitzer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K as required by Rule 13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Messrs. Waltz and Deitzer have concluded that both the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 No changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 The Company s management assessed, under the supervision and with the participation of our President and CEO, William E. Waltz, and our Vice President and CFO, John M. Deitzer, the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an audit report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting for fiscal 2024. 

96 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Atkore Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Atkore Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024, of the Company and our report dated November 20, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

97 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 20, 2024 

98 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Insider Trader Arrangements and Policies 
 
 Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K requires the Company to disclose whether any director or officer of the issuer has or (i) any trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c); and/or (ii) any written trading arrangement that meets the requirements of a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 During the fourth fiscal quarter, no activity occurred requiring disclosure under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 99 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item for Atkore will be set forth in Atkore s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. Atkore has omitted the information required by this Item pursuant to General Instruction G to the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item for Atkore will be set forth in Atkore s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. Atkore has omitted the information required by this Item pursuant to General Instruction G to the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item for Atkore will be set forth in Atkore s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. Atkore has omitted the information required by this Item pursuant to General Instruction G to the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item for Atkore will be set forth in Atkore s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. Atkore has omitted the information required by this Item pursuant to General Instruction G to the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item for Atkore will be set forth in Atkore s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. Atkore has omitted the information required by this Item pursuant to General Instruction G to the Form 10-K. 
 
 100 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a). Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits. 
 1 . Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2022 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2022 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2022 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the three year period ended September 30, 2024 contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 61 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 62 
 
 2 . Financial Statements Schedules 
 The following information is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Schedule I-Atkore Inc. (Parent) Condensed Financial Information 107 
 Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 112 

3. Exhibits 
 102 
 
 The exhibits filed with this report are listed on the Exhibit Index. Entries marked by the symbol next to the exhibit's number identify management compensatory plans, contracts or arrangements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 101 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Atkore International Group Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2019. 
 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment of Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Atkore International Group Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Atkore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2021. 
 3.2 Atkore Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (effective November 13 2023) 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Atkore International Group Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 4.2 Description of Capital Stock of Atkore International Group Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A, filed on February 4, 2020, to amend Atkore International Group Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, initially filed on November 22, 2019. 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2021, by and among Atkore Inc., the subsidiary guarantors and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Atkore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021. 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2020, among Atkore International, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, issuing lender, administrative agent and collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2020 . 
 
 10.1.1 Amendment Number One to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, among Atkore International Inc., the subsidiaries of Atkore International Inc., the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, issuing lender, administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Atkore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021. 
 10.1.2 Amendment Number Two to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2023, among Atkore International Inc., the subsidiaries of Atkore International Inc., the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, issuing lender, administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, made by Atkore Inc., Atkore International Holdings Inc., Atkore International, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and administrative agent. 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Canadian Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, made by Columbia-MBF Inc. and certain Atkore International, Inc. subsidiaries, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and administrative agent. 
 10.4 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, by and among Atkore Inc., as parent, Atkore International Inc., as borrower, the several lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, as administrative agent and collateral agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Atkore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021. 
 
 10.4.1 Amendment Number One to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2023, by and among Atkore Inc., as parent, Atkore International Inc., as borrower, the several lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A, as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 
 102 

10.5 Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, by and between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent for the ABL secured parties and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as collateral agent for the Term Loan secured parties, together with additional parties from time to time party thereto. 
 
 10.6 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, made by Atkore Inc., Atkore International Holdings Inc., Atkore International, Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Atkore Inc. from time to time party thereto, in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent and administrative agent. 
 
 10.7 Canadian Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, made by Columbia-MBF Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Atkore Inc., in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral agent and administrative agent. 
 10.8 Severance Policy, dated January 3, 2022 
 10.9 Atkore International Group Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to AIH s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 3, 2011. 
 10.10 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to AIH s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 3, 2011. 
 10.11 Form of Employee Stock Subscription Agreement (Purchased Shares), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to AIH s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 3, 2011. 
 10.12 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.12.1 Schedule of Signatories to a Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.13 Atkore International Group Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.14 Atkore International Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Annex A to Atkore International Group Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 13, 2019. 
 10.14.1 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10.14.2 Employee Performance Share Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10.15 Non-Employee Director Compensation Program of Atkore Inc. 
 10.16 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.17 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, as amended. 
 10.18 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Agreement under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, as amended. 
 10.19 Form of Employee Performance Share Agreement under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, as amended. 
 10.20 Severance and Retention Policy for Senior Management, effective July 10, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. 
 10.21 Letter Agreement, dated May 4, 2018, by and among William Waltz, Atkore International Inc. and Atkore International Group Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 7, 2018. 
 
 103 

10.22 Atkore International Group Inc. 2016 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.22.1 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28.1 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.22.2 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28.2 to Atkore International Group Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 5, 2016. 
 10.22.3 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 19.1 
 19.2 Atkore International Group Inc. Policy on Trading in Securities for Section 16 and Designated Insiders 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Atkore Inc. as of September 30, 2024. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Atkore Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Atkore Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Atkore Inc. pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Atkore Inc. pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 Atkore International Group Inc. Clawback Policy 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (formatted as inline XBRL) 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (formatted as inline XBRL) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Furnished herewith. 

104 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ATKORE INC. (Registrant) Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ John M. Deitzer Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

105 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Michael V. Schrock Name: Michael V. Schrock Title: Director and Chairman of the Board Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ William E. Waltz Name: William E. Waltz Title: President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ John M. Deitzer Name: John M. Deitzer Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ James W. Alvey Name: James W. Alvey Title: Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Betty R. Wynn Name: Betty R. Wynn Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Jeri L. Isbell Name: Jeri L. Isbell Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Wilbert W. James Jr. Name: Wilbert W. James Jr. Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Justin A. Kershaw Name: Justin A. Kershaw Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ Scott H. Muse Name: Scott H. Muse Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ B. Joanne Edwards Name: B. Joanne Edwards Title: Director Date: November 20, 2024 By: /s/ A. Mark Zeffiro Name: A. Mark Zeffiro Title: Director 
 106 

Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Total Liabilities Equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information 
 107 

Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiary, net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information 
 108 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Distribution received from subsidiary Distribution paid to subsidiary Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Issuance of common stock, net of taxes withheld ) ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning Ending 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Information 
 109 

of the Company's outstanding capital stock (on an as-converted basis). On December 22, 2010, the Company also issued common stock (the Common Stock to Tyco's wholly owned subsidiary, Tyco International Holding S. .r.l. Tyco Seller ), that initially represented the remaining of the Company's outstanding capital stock. Subsequent to December 22, 2010, the Company has operated as an independent, stand-alone entity. 
 
 On March 6, 2014, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Letter of Intent with Tyco for the acquisition (the Acquisition of million shares of Common Stock held by Tyco Seller. On April 9, 2014, the Company paid to Tyco Seller to redeem the shares, which were subsequently retired. The Company paid of expenses related to the share redemption. 
 
 In a separate transaction on the same date, the CD R Investor converted its Preferred Stock and accumulated Preferred Dividends into Common Stock. As a result, Common Stock is the Company's sole issued and outstanding class of securities. 
 
 The Parent has no significant operations or assets other than its indirect ownership of the equity of AII. Accordingly, the Parent is dependent upon distributions from AII to fund its obligations. However, under the terms of the agreements governing AII's borrowings, AII's ability to pay dividends or lend to Atkore Holding or the Parent, is restricted. While certain exceptions to the paying dividends or lending funds restrictions exist, these restrictions have resulted in the restricted net assets (as defined in Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X) of the Company's subsidiaries exceeding 25 of the consolidated net assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Atkore Holding has no obligations to pay dividends to the Parent except to pay specified amounts to Parent in order to fund the payment of the Parent's tax obligations. 
 
 2. Basis of Presentation 
 
 The accompanying condensed Parent only financial statements are required in accordance with Rule 4-08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X. The financial statements include the amounts of the Parent and its investment in its subsidiaries under the equity method and does not present the financial statements of the Parent and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Under the equity method, investment in its subsidiaries is stated at cost plus contributions and equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiary less distributions received since the date of acquisition. These condensed Parent only financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Atkore Inc. consolidated financial statements and their accompanying notes. 
 
 110 

, , and from its subsidiaries for the years ended September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. The distributions received in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were used to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock and pay dividends to stockholders. These dividends were permissible under an exception to the net asset restrictions of the agreements governing AII's borrowings, which allow for dividend payments from AII to the Parent for the purpose of repurchasing shares of Parent's common stock. 
 
 111 

) ) 2023 ) ) ) ) 2022 ) ) ) Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance: For the fiscal year ended: 2024 ) ) ) ) 2023 ) ) ) ) 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 112 

<EX-10.12 1>
 2
 a4q24exhibit10121.htm
 EX-10.12 1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.12.1 

 SCHEDULE OF SIGNATORIES TO DIRECTOR 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENTS 

1. Betty R. Wynn 
 
 2. William E. Waltz Jr. 
 
 3. A. Mark Zeffiro 
 
 4. Jeri L. Isbell 
 
 5. Wilbert W. James Jr 
 
 6. Michael V. Schrock 
 
 7. Justin A. Kershaw 
 
 8. Scott H. Muse 
 
 9. B. Joanne Edwards 

</EX-10.12 1>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 insidertradingpolicyalll.htm
 EX-19.1

insidertradingpolicyalll 

Select Language English Espa ol (Spanish) Portugu s (Portuguese) Ti ng Vi t (Vietnamese) Insider Trading Policy 

1 Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 Insider Trading Policy POLICY HIGHLIGHTS This Policy applies to all Company Associates, including full-time, part-time, salaried, hourly, union, and nonunion, officers, executives and the Board of Directors, and to immediate family members and other persons living in their households. Company Associates may not, directly or indirectly, trade Securities of the Company while in possession of material nonpublic information concerning the Company. Information is material if it would be likely to affect the stock price of the Company, or if it would be important to a reasonable investor in making a decision about whether to buy, hold, or sell Securities of the Company. Material information about the Company or its affiliates should be considered nonpublic unless there is a certainty that it is publicly available. Company Associates may not give material nonpublic information to another person. Company Associates and any person to whom the Company Associate provides any material nonpublic information would potentially be subject to fines and imprisonment. It is also a violation of this Policy to trade in the Securities of another company if the individual trading securities obtained material nonpublic information about that company in the course of a Company Associate s tenure with Atkore. Ensuring the confidentiality of nonpublic information is the most important step to minimizing the risk of illegal insider trading and tipping. Penalties for an insider trading violation are severe, including imprisonment for up to 20 years and fines up to 5 million, regardless of the amount earned or saved. Certain transactions involving employee stock options are prohibited during trading blackout periods as outlined in this Policy. With respect to Securities of the Company, short sales, trading in options (including transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities whether on an exchange or in any other organized market), hedging transactions, margin accounts, and pledges are prohibited. It is the Company Associate s responsibility to limit transactions in Company Securities to periods in which he or she is not in possession of material nonpublic information. If a Company Associate is in possession of material nonpublic information when employment terminates, he or she may not trade in such Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material Questions should be directed to the General Counsel before any action is taken. Company Associates are strongly discouraged from attempting to resolve issues or questions related to this Policy and securities laws on their own, as the rules relating to insider trading are complex and violations can result in severe consequences. INTENT AND SCOPE This Policy of Atkore Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates Atkore or the Company concerns trading in the Securities of the Company, as well as trading in Securities of other companies. The Company s reputation for integrity and high ethical standards in the conduct of its affairs is of paramount importance. It is therefore essential that all transactions conform to U.S. securities laws and avoid even the appearance of impropriety. 

2 Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 This policy applies to all Atkore Company Associates. All Company Associates must familiarize themselves with this policy and abide by it. The ultimate responsibility for avoiding improper Securities transactions rests with each Company Associate. Violations of this Policy may result in civil and criminal penalties under U.S. securities laws, and in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment for cause. This policy has been approved by the Company Board of Directors and shall become effective as of the date of the initial listing of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange. The Board of Directors or one of its Committees will review and may amend this policy from time to time. The obligations of the General Counsel hereunder may be delegated by the General Counsel to such other designated members of the Legal Department from time to time. DEFINITIONS Company Associates: All full-time, part-time, salaried, hourly, union, and nonunion, officers, executives and the Board of Directors, and to immediate family members and other persons living in their households. General Counsel: The General Counsel of the Company. Insider: Under U.S. securities law, an insider is generally anyone who possesses material information about a company that such person obtained directly or indirectly from the Company. Insider trading: Trading in securities on the basis of material nonpublic information. Material Nonpublic Information: Defined in the Material Nonpublic Information section below. Temporary Insiders: Individuals who have a special confidential relationship with the Company resulting in access to material nonpublic information. Such persons can include outside attorneys, accountants, actuaries, consultants, advisors, and bank lending officers. Tipping: Sharing material nonpublic information with a third party. SEC: The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities: The common stock or debt securities (such as bonds or debentures) or any other equity securities (such as warrants, options, or preferred stock) of, or derivative securities related to, a company. POLICY AND PROCEDURES Prohibition Against Insider Trading and Tipping Company Associates may not, directly or indirectly, purchase, or sell Securities of the Company while in possession of material nonpublic information concerning the Company or its affiliates. Similarly, Company Associates may not trade in the Securities of another company if the Company Associate obtained material nonpublic information about that Company in the course of their employment by or relationship with Atkore. 

3 Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 In addition, Company Associates may not give material nonpublic information to another person. Company Associates and any person to whom the Company Associate provides any material nonpublic information would potentially be subject to fines and imprisonment. Insider trading and tipping are civil and criminal violations of law. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money in an emergency) are not exceptions. Ensuring the confidentiality of nonpublic information is the most important step to minimizing illegal insider trading and tipping. All Company Associates must ensure the confidentiality of information to which they have access. Unless the information is otherwise publicly available, Company Associates must limit access to Company Associates who have a reasonable need to know the information for the purpose of carrying out the assignment for which the information is needed. Special confidentiality agreements may be required for others (including outside business associates, governmental agencies, and trade associations) seeking access to material nonpublic information. Material Nonpublic Information Whether information is material is typically is assessed with the benefit of hindsight. There will always be information about the Company that is not generally known to the public. This information is material if it would be likely to affect the stock price of the Company or if it would be important to a reasonable investor in making a decision about whether to buy, hold, or sell Securities of the Company or its affiliates. Either positive or negative information may be material. The following are some examples of information that, if not publicly known, could be material inside information: Financial results and other earnings information; Financial forecasts and plans; Possible acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, and other major transactions; Major personnel or management changes; Information that would have an impact on earnings (such as unanticipated write-downs or gains and operating losses or gains); The gain or loss of a significant customer or supplier; A major lawsuit or governmental investigation; Development of a significant new product or process; Significant labor disputes; A change in auditor, substantial changes in accounting methodologies, or auditor notification that an issuer may no longer rely on an audit report; New issuance of stock or debt or other significant financing developments; A possible change in control; or Any nonpublic information (even information not exclusively relating to Company business) that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of Securities of the Company. Material information about the Company or its affiliates should be considered nonpublic unless there is a certainty that it is publicly available. For example, Company Associates should assume that the information is not public unless the information has been disclosed in a press release, in a public filing made with the SEC, or in materials provided to shareholders (such as an annual report, investor letter, prospectus or proxy statement), or is available through a news wire service or daily newspaper of wide circulation, and a sufficient amount of time has passed (i.e., at least two full business days) so that the marketplace has had an opportunity to digest the information. 

4 Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 Avoiding Tipping Someone to Material Nonpublic Information In addition to limiting access to information as outlined above, Company Associates should consider the following to avoid potential tipping: Mark material nonpublic information Confidential and keep the information somewhere not generally accessible to others; Refer questions about the Company from the media to the Director of Communications and from investors or financial analysts to the Investor Relations representatives or the CFO; Do not discuss confidential or material nonpublic business matters in public places, such as elevators, hallways, lobbies, restrooms, and public transportation facilities; Never discuss the Company in an internet chat room or on a non-Company website; and Never give trading advice of any kind to anyone concerning Company Securities. Trading of Non-Atkore Securities The prohibition on insider trading in this policy is not limited to trading in Securities of the Company. It is a violation of this policy to trade in the Securities of another company if the individual obtained material nonpublic information about that Company in the course of a Company Associate s employment by or relationship with the Company. Company Associates may come into possession of material nonpublic information concerning other companies in the ordinary course of their employment by or relationship with the Company, such as dealings with major customers, suppliers, or other parties to business transactions. Additionally, information that is not material to the Company or its affiliates may nevertheless be material to one of those other companies, and it is not permissible under this Policy for Company Associates to make personal use of material nonpublic information gained in the course of their employment by or relationship with the Company. Penalties for violating the insider trading laws Potential penalties for an insider trading violation include: (a) imprisonment of up to 20 years; (b) a criminal fine of up to 5 million (no matter how small the profit gained or loss avoided); and (c) civil penalties of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided. If the Company fails to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal insider trading, the Company may have controlling person liability for trading violations, with a criminal penalty of up to 25 million and civil penalties of up to the greater of 1 million or the three times the profit gained or loss avoided. The civil penalties can extend personal liability to the Company s directors, officers, and other supervisory personnel if they fail to take appropriate steps to prevent insider trading. If any Company Associate is found to have violated the securities laws (whether or not prosecuted or sued by a government authority or private party) or to have violated this policy, such person will be subject to dismissal or other sanctions and to possible claims by the Company for damages sustained by reason of his or her activities. Employee Stock Options This policy does not apply to the exercise of an employee stock option or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a Company Associate elects to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. This policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option or any other market sale for the purpose of generating cash to pay the exercise price of an option. 

5 Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2016 Additional Transactions The following types of transactions are prohibited by this policy with respect to Securities of the Company, except with the prior written consent of the General Counsel in accordance with applicable law, rules, and regulations: short sales, trading in options (including transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities whether on an exchange or in any other organized market), hedging transactions, margin accounts, and pledges. Restrictions on Trading It is the Company Associate s responsibility to limit transactions in Securities of the Company to periods in which the individual Company Associate is not in possession of any material nonpublic information that might have a bearing on the market price of such Securities. Post-Termination Transactions This policy remains applicable to transactions in Securities of the Company or its affiliates after a Company Associate is no longer employed by the Company. If a Company Associate is in possession of material nonpublic information when employment terminates, he or she may not trade in such Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. No Third-Party Beneficiaries This policy has been adopted to protect the good name, reputation, assets, businesses, and prospects of the Company and its affiliates. It is not intended to, and does not, create any legal rights in any third parties, including investors, partners, creditors, customers, suppliers, and others having business relations with such entities. Questions Questions regarding this Policy, including whether the information is material or has been disclosed to the public, should be directed to the General Counsel before any action is taken. Company Associates are strongly discouraged from attempting to resolve issues or questions related to this Policy and securities laws on their own, as the rules relating to insider trading are complex, and violations can result in severe consequences. Concerns regarding any violation of this policy may also be directed to Atkore EthicsPoint. REPORTING AND REMEDIATION Atkore supports open communication and encourages employees and other interested parties to make a good faith report of any violation of this or any Company policy, regulation or applicable law. Employees may report potential violations or concerns to their manager, their Human Resources business partner or the Legal Department. Reports may also be made anonymously through Atkore EthicsPoint: Via Web: https://atkore.ethicspoint.com Via Phone: 1-888-503-5397 All reports will be promptly and impartially investigated, and we will seek an appropriate remedy wherever violations of this policy occur. At Atkore, we strive to promote a work environment of in line with our Core Values. Our employees hold themselves and one another accountable for operating with respect and integrity. Retaliation of any kind is inconsistent with those values and will not be tolerated. Any employee who subjects another employee to such retaliation will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 1 Pol tica de Uso Indebido de Informaci n Privilegiada para Operaciones Burs tiles INTENCI N Y ALCANCE Esta pol tica de Atkore Inc., Atkore o la empresa en conjunto con sus empresas controladas y afiliadas) aborda las transacciones de t tulos valores de la empresa, as como la transacci n de t tulos valores de otras empresas. El prestigio de la empresa por su integridad y sus altos ASPECTOS DESTACADOS DE LA POL TICA Esta pol tica se aplica a todos los empleados de la empresa, incluidos los de jornada completa, jornada parcial, asalariados, por hora, sindicalizados y no sindicalizados, gerentes y ejecutivos y los miembros del Directorio, y a los familiares directos y otras personas que conviven con dichos empleados. Los empleados de la empresa no podr n, de manera directa o indirecta, realizar transacciones con t tulos valores de la empresa mientras dispongan de informaci n sustancial no p blica relacionada con ella. La informaci n es sustancial si es probable que afecte el precio de las acciones de la empresa, o si resultar a importante para un inversionista razonable al tomar una decisi n respecto de si comprar, retener o vender t tulos valores de la empresa. La informaci n sustancial sobre la empresa o sus afiliadas debe considerarse no p blica, salvo que exista la certeza de que est disponible p blicamente. Los empleados de la empresa no podr n proporcionar informaci n sustancial no p blica a otra persona. Tanto ellos como cualquier persona a quien le proporcionen informaci n sustancial no p blica podr an recibir penas como multas y encarcelamiento. Tambi n constituye una infracci n de esta pol tica realizar transacciones con t tulos valores de otra empresa si la persona que opera con dichos t tulos valores obtuvo informaci n sustancial no p blica sobre esa empresa mientras ocupaba un cargo en Atkore. Garantizar la confidencialidad de la informaci n no p blica es la medida m s importante a fin de reducir al m nimo el riesgo de divulgaci n y uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles. Las sanciones impuestas por la infracci n de las normas sobre uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles son graves, e incluyen la pena de hasta 20 a os de prisi n y multas de hasta 5 millones, independientemente del importe ganado o ahorrado. Determinadas transacciones que involucran opciones sobre acciones para empleados est n prohibidas durante los per odos de prohibici n de operaciones burs tiles, seg n se describe en esta pol tica. Los siguientes tipos de transacciones con respecto a los t tulos valores de la empresa est n prohibidos por esta pol tica: ventas en descubierto, transacciones de opciones (incluidas las transacciones de opciones de venta o put , las opciones de compra o call u otros t tulos valores derivados, ya sea en un mercado de divisas o en cualquier otro mercado organizado), transacciones de cobertura, cuentas de margen y prendas. Es responsabilidad del empleado limitar las transacciones con t tulos valores de la empresa a per odos en los que no disponga de informaci n sustancial no p blica. Si un empleado de la empresa dispone de informaci n sustancial no p blica cuando finalice su relaci n laboral, no podr realizar operaciones con dichos t tulos valores hasta tanto esa informaci n se haya hecho p blica o ya no sea sustancial. Se debe consultar al asesor jur dico antes de tomar cualquier medida. Se desaconseja enf ticamente que los empleados de la empresa intenten resolver por su cuenta problemas o dudas en relaci n con esta pol tica y con las leyes de t tulos valores, ya que las normas sobre uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles son complejas, y las infracciones pueden tener consecuencias graves. 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 2 est ndares ticos en el desempe o de sus actividades comerciales es de vital importancia. Por lo tanto, es esencial que todas las transacciones se ajusten a las leyes de t tulos valores de los EE. UU., y que, al realizarlas, se evite incluso la apariencia de una conducta indebida. Esta pol tica se aplica a todos los empleados de la empresa Atkore. Todos ellos deben familiarizarse con esta pol tica y regirse por ella. La responsabilidad ltima de evitar transacciones indebidas de t tulos valores recae en cada empleado de la empresa. Las infracciones de esta pol tica pueden dar lugar a sanciones civiles y penales seg n las leyes de t tulos valores de los EE. UU., y a medidas disciplinarias, incluido, en ltima instancia, el despido por justa causa. Esta pol tica ha sido aprobada por el Directorio de la empresa y entrar en vigencia a partir de la fecha de la cotizaci n en bolsa inicial de las acciones ordinarias de la empresa en la Bolsa de Valores de Nueva York. El Directorio o alguno de sus comit s revisar y podr modificar esta pol tica oportunamente. El asesor jur dico podr , en ocasiones, delegar sus obligaciones en virtud de esta pol tica a otros miembros designados del Departamento Legal. DEFINICIONES El t rmino empleado de la empresa abarca a todos los empleados de jornada completa, jornada parcial, asalariados, por hora, sindicalizados y no sindicalizados, gerentes, ejecutivos y miembros del directorio, y a los familiares directos y otras personas que conviven con dichos empleados. El t rmino asesor jur dico significa el asesor jur dico de la empresa. El t rmino persona vinculada a la empresa seg n la ley de t tulos valores de los EE. UU. significa, en sentido general, cualquier persona que posea informaci n sustancial sobre una empresa y la haya obtenido de manera directa o indirecta de la empresa. El t rmino uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles se refiere a la transacci n de t tulos valores sobre la base de informaci n sustancial no p blica. El t rmino informaci n sustancial no p blica se define en la secci n I(a) a continuaci n. Las personas vinculadas temporales son personas que tienen una relaci n confidencial especial con la empresa que les permite acceder a informaci n sustancial no p blica. En esta categor a pueden estar incluidos abogados, contadores, actuarios, consultores, asesores y funcionarios de pr stamos bancarios externos. Por divulgar se entiende compartir informaci n sustancial no p blica con un tercero. SEC es la sigla en ingl s que refiere a la Comisi n de Valores de los EE. UU. El t rmino t tulos valores comprende las acciones ordinarias o los t tulos de deuda (como los bonos o las obligaciones) o cualquier otra acci n com n o preferida (como los warrants , las opciones o las acciones preferenciales) de una empresa o los t tulos valores derivados de ella. 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 3 POL TICA Y PROCEDIMIENTOS Prohibici n de divulgaci n y uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles Los empleados de la empresa no podr n, de manera directa o indirecta, comprar ni vender t tulos valores de la empresa mientras dispongan de informaci n sustancial no p blica relacionada con la empresa o sus afiliadas. De manera similar, los empleados de la empresa no podr n realizar operaciones con t tulos valores de otra empresa si obtuvieron informaci n sustancial no p blica sobre esa empresa en el transcurso de su empleo o relaci n con Atkore. Adem s, los empleados de la empresa no podr n proporcionar informaci n sustancial no p blica a otra persona. Tanto ellos como cualquier persona a quien le proporcionen informaci n sustancial no p blica podr an recibir penas como multas y encarcelamiento. La divulgaci n y el uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles constituyen infracciones a las leyes civiles y penales. Las transacciones que pueden ser necesarias o justificables por motivos independientes (como la necesidad de recaudar dinero en una emergencia) no son excepciones. Garantizar la confidencialidad de la informaci n no p blica es la medida m s importante para reducir al m nimo la divulgaci n y el uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles. Todos los empleados de la empresa deben garantizar la confidencialidad de la informaci n a la que tienen acceso. Salvo que la informaci n est disponible p blicamente, los empleados deben restringir el acceso a la informaci n a aquellos que tengan una necesidad razonable de conocerla con el fin de realizar la tarea para la cual es necesaria dicha informaci n. Es posible que se exijan acuerdos especiales de confidencialidad para otras partes (incluidos socios comerciales externos, entidades gubernamentales y asociaciones comerciales) que procuren obtener acceso a informaci n sustancial no p blica. Informaci n sustancial no p blica Por lo general, se eval a en retrospectiva si la informaci n es o no sustancial. Siempre habr informaci n sobre la empresa que no sea de conocimiento general para el p blico. Esta informaci n es sustancial si es probable que afecte el precio de las acciones de la empresa, o si resultar a importante para un inversionista razonable al tomar una decisi n respecto de si comprar, retener o vender t tulos valores de la empresa o sus afiliadas. Tanto la informaci n positiva como la negativa puede ser sustancial. Los siguientes son algunos ejemplos de informaci n que, si no se conoce p blicamente, podr a ser informaci n privilegiada sustancial: resultados financieros y otros datos sobre ganancias; proyecciones y planes financieros; posibles adquisiciones, actos de disposici n, joint ventures y otras transacciones importantes; cambios importantes en el personal o la gerencia; informaci n que tendr a influencia en las ganancias (como amortizaciones o ganancias imprevistas y p rdidas o ganancias operativas); la ganancia o p rdida de un cliente o proveedor importante; una demanda importante o una investigaci n gubernamental; 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 4 el desarrollo de un nuevo producto o proceso significativo; litigios laborales importantes; un cambio de auditor, cambios sustanciales en las metodolog as contables o notificaci n del auditor de que un emisor ya no puede actuar sobre la base de un informe de auditor a; una nueva emisi n de acciones o deuda u otros desarrollos financieros importantes; un posible cambio de control; o cualquier informaci n no p blica (incluida informaci n que no se relacione exclusivamente con las actividades comerciales de la empresa) que se pueda esperar razonablemente que afecte el precio de los t tulos valores de la empresa. La informaci n sustancial sobre la empresa o sus afiliadas debe considerarse no p blica, salvo que exista la certeza de que est disponible p blicamente. Por ejemplo, los empleados de la empresa deben asumir que la informaci n no es p blica salvo que haya sido divulgada en un comunicado de prensa, en una inscripci n p blica en el registro de la SEC o en materiales proporcionados a los accionistas (como un informe anual, una carta de intenci n del inversor, un prospecto o una declaraci n de representaci n), o que est disponible mediante una agencia de noticias o un peri dico diario de amplia circulaci n, y haya pasado suficiente tiempo (es decir, por lo menos dos d as h biles completos) de modo que el mercado haya tenido la oportunidad de asimilar la informaci n. Evitar divulgar informaci n sustancial no p blica a terceros Adem s de restringir el acceso a la informaci n como se describe anteriormente, los empleados de la empresa deben considerar las siguientes acciones a fin de evitar posibles divulgaciones de informaci n: marcar la informaci n sustancial no p blica como confidencial y mantenerla en alg n lugar donde, por lo general, no puedan acceder terceros; remitir las preguntas de los medios de comunicaci n acerca de la empresa al director de Comunicaciones, y aquellas de los inversores o analistas financieros a los representantes de Relaciones con los Inversores o al director de Finanzas; no hablar sobre asuntos comerciales confidenciales o sustanciales no p blicos en lugares p blicos, como ascensores, pasillos, vest bulos, ba os e instalaciones de transporte p blico; en ninguna circunstancia hablar sobre la empresa en una sala de chat de Internet o en un sitio web que no pertenezca a la empresa; y en ninguna circunstancia brindar ning n tipo de asesoramiento sobre transacciones burs tiles a nadie en relaci n con los t tulos valores de la empresa. Transacci n de t tulos valores que no son de Atkore La prohibici n del uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles que se dispone en esta pol tica no se limita a las transacciones de t tulos valores de la empresa. Constituye una infracci n de esta pol tica realizar transacciones con t tulos valores de otra empresa si la persona obtuvo informaci n sustancial no p blica sobre esa empresa mientras ocupaba un cargo o manten a una relaci n con la empresa. Los empleados de la empresa pueden adquirir informaci n sustancial no p blica relacionada con otras empresas en el transcurso habitual de su empleo o relaci n con la empresa, como tratos con los clientes principales, los proveedores u otras partes en transacciones comerciales. Adem s, la informaci n 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 5 que no es sustancial para la empresa o sus afiliadas puede, no obstante, ser sustancial para alguna de esas otras empresas, y esta pol tica no permite que los empleados de la empresa hagan uso personal de la informaci n sustancial no p blica obtenida en el transcurso de su empleo o relaci n con la empresa. Sanciones por infringir las leyes sobre uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles Entre las potenciales sanciones por una infracci n de uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles, se incluyen las siguientes: (a) pena de prisi n de hasta 20 a os; (b) una multa penal de hasta 5 millones (independientemente de lo peque a que sea la ganancia o la p rdida evitada); y (c) sanciones civiles de hasta el triple de la ganancia obtenida o de la p rdida evitada. Si la empresa no toma las medidas adecuadas para prevenir el uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles, se le podr imputar su responsabilidad en tanto ente de control por infracciones de transacciones burs tiles, con una pena de hasta 25 millones y sanciones civiles de hasta 1 mill n o el triple de la ganancia obtenida o la p rdida evitada (el importe que sea mayor). Las sanciones civiles pueden extender la responsabilidad personal a los directores, gerentes y otras personas con cargos de supervisi n de la empresa si no toman las medidas adecuadas para prevenir el uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles. Si se determina que alg n empleado de la empresa ha infringido las leyes de t tulos valores (haya sido o no procesado o demandado por una autoridad gubernamental o una parte privada) o ha infringido esta pol tica, dicha persona estar sujeta al despido o a otras sanciones, y a posibles reclamos por parte de la empresa por los da os sufridos con motivo de sus actividades. Opciones sobre acciones para empleados Esta pol tica no se aplica al ejercicio de una opci n sobre acciones para empleados, ni al ejercicio de un derecho de retenci n de impuestos seg n el cual un empleado elige que la empresa retenga acciones sujetas a una opci n a fin de cumplir con los requisitos de retenci n de impuestos. Esta pol tica se aplica, no obstante, a cualquier venta de acciones como parte de un ejercicio sin efectivo asistido por un corredor de una opci n, o cualquier otra venta de mercado con el fin de generar efectivo para pagar el precio de ejercicio de una opci n. Transacciones adicionales Los siguientes tipos de transacciones con respecto a los t tulos valores de la empresa est n prohibidos por esta pol tica, salvo mediante el consentimiento previo por escrito del asesor jur dico de conformidad con las leyes, normas y reglamentos vigentes: ventas al descubierto, transacciones de opciones (incluidas las transacciones de venta o put , las opciones de compra o call u otros t tulos valores derivados, ya sea en un mercado de divisas o en cualquier otro mercado organizado), transacciones de cobertura, cuentas de margen y prendas. Restricciones a las transacciones burs tiles Es responsabilidad del empleado restringir las transacciones con t tulos valores de la empresa a per odos en los cuales no disponga de ning n tipo de informaci n sustancial no p blica que pueda afectar el precio de mercado de dichos t tulos valores. 

Emitido por: Comit Directivo de Pol tica de Atkore Aprobado: Revisado y aprobado por el Directorio el 27 de abril de 2016 6 Transacciones posteriores a la desvinculaci n del empleo Esta pol tica contin a siendo aplicable a las transacciones con t tulos valores de la empresa o sus afiliadas con posterioridad a la desvinculaci n laboral. Si un empleado de la empresa dispone de informaci n sustancial no p blica cuando finaliza su empleo, no podr realizar transacciones con dichos t tulos valores hasta que esa informaci n se haya hecho p blica o ya no sea sustancial. No se permiten terceros beneficiarios Esta pol tica se adopt para proteger el buen nombre, el prestigio, los activos, los negocios y las perspectivas de la empresa y sus afiliadas. No tiene por objeto constituir ni constituye ning n derecho legal de terceros, incluidos inversores, socios, acreedores, clientes, proveedores y otras partes que mantengan relaciones comerciales con dichas entidades. Preguntas Las preguntas relacionadas con esta pol tica, incluso si la informaci n es sustancial o se ha divulgado al p blico, deben dirigirse al asesor jur dico antes de que se tome cualquier medida. Se desaconseja enf ticamente que los empleados de la empresa intenten resolver por su cuenta problemas o dudas en relaci n con esta pol tica y con las leyes de t tulos valores, ya que las normas sobre uso indebido de informaci n privilegiada para operaciones burs tiles son complejas, y las infracciones pueden tener consecuencias graves. Las inquietudes con respecto a cualquier infracci n de esta pol tica tambi n pueden dirigirse a la EthicsPoint de Atkore. REPORTES Y RESARCIMIENTO Atkore apoya la comunicaci n abierta y anima a los empleados y a las dem s partes interesadas a reportar de buena fe sobre la violaci n de esta o cualquier pol tica de la Compa a, normativa o ley vigente. Los empleados pueden reportar posibles violaciones o preocupaciones a sus gerentes, sus socios comerciales de Recursos Humanos o al Departamento Legal. Tambi n se puede reportar de forma an nima a trav s de Atkore EthicsPoint: A trav s de la web: https://atkore.ethicspoint.com Por tel fono: 1-888-503-5397 Todos los reportes ser n investigados de inmediato y de forma imparcial y buscaremos un resarcimiento adecuado cuando se produzcan violaciones a esta pol tica. En Atkore nos esforzamos por fomentar un ambiente de trabajo que concuerde con nuestros valores fundamentales. Nuestros empleados se hacen responsables de trabajar con respeto e integridad. Las represalias de cualquier tipo no son compatibles con esos valores y no ser n toleradas. Cualquier empleado que someta a otro empleado a dichas represalias estar sujeto a medidas disciplinarias, lo que incluye hasta el despido. 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 1 Pol tica sobre o uso de informa es privilegiadas FINALIDADE E ESCOPO Esta Pol tica do Atkore Inc., (junto com suas subsidi rias e afiliadas Atkore ou a Empresa diz respeito s negocia es de T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa, assim como as negocia es DESTAQUES DA POL TICA Esta Pol tica se aplica a todos os Funcion rios da Empresa, incluindo aqueles que trabalham em per odo integral, meio per odo, assalariados, horistas, sindicalizados ou n o, agentes, executivos e a Diretoria, estendendo-se a familiares pr ximos e outras pessoa da mesma moradia. Os Funcion rios da Empresa n o podem, diretamente ou indiretamente, negociar T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa enquanto estejam de posse de informa es n o p blicas relevantes em rela o Empresa. As informa es s o consideradas relevantes se tiverem a chance de afetar o pre o das a es da Empresa, ou se elas forem importantes a um investidor prudente em sua decis o de comprar, manter ou vender T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa. Informa es relevantes sobre a Empresa ou suas afiliadas devem ser consideradas n o p blicas a menos que haja certeza de que estejam dispon veis a todos. Os Funcion rios da Empresa n o podem oferecer informa es n o p blicas relevantes a outra pessoa. Os Funcion rios da Empresa e qualquer pessoa que receba do Funcion rio da Empresa qualquer informa o n o p blica relevante estar o potencialmente sujeitos a multas e pris o. tamb m uma viola o desta Pol tica negociar T tulos/Valores Mobili rios de outra empresa se o negociante desses t tulos/valores mobili rios obtiver informa es n o p blicas relevantes sobre essa empresa durante a perman ncia de um Funcion rio da Empresa com a Atkore. Garantir a confidencialidade de informa es n o p blicas a etapa mais importante para minimizar o risco do uso de informa es privilegiadas e aconselhamentos ilegais. As penalidades para viola es no uso de informa es privilegiadas s o s rias, incluindo pris o por at 20 anos e multas de at 5 milh es de d lares, independentemente da quantia obtida ou economizada. Certas transa es envolvendo op es de compras de a es por funcion rios s o proibidas durante per odos de restri es de negocia es, conforme mostrado nesta Pol tica. Os seguintes tipos de transa es s o proibidos por esta Pol tica em rela o aos T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa: vendas a descoberto, negocia o de op es (incluindo transa es em op es de venda, op es de compra ou outros t tulos/valores mobili rios derivados, seja em uma bolsa ou em qualquer outro mercado organizado), transa es de hedge, contas de margem e penhores responsabilidade do Funcion rio da Empresa limitar transa es em T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa a per odos nos quais ele ou ela n o estejam de posse de informa es n o p blicas relevantes. Se um Funcion rio da Empresa estiver de posse de informa es n o p blicas relevantes quando seu emprego for encerrado, ele ou ela n o poder negociar tais T tulos/Valores Mobili rios at que essas informa es se tornem p blicas ou n o sejam mais relevantes D vidas devem ser direcionadas ao Conselho Geral antes de qualquer a o ser tomada. Os Funcion rios da Empresa s o seriamente desencorajados a tentar resolver problemas ou quest es relacionados a esta Pol tica e s leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios por conta pr pria, pois as regras relacionadas ao uso de informa es privilegiadas s o complexas e as viola es podem resultar em consequ ncias graves. 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 2 de T tulos/Valores Mobili rios de outras empresas. A reputa o da Empresa em termos de integridade e altos padr es ticos na conduta de seus neg cios de import ncia fundamental. Portanto, essencial que todas as transa es estejam em conformidade com as leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios dos EUA e evitem at mesmo o aspecto de impropriedade. Esta Pol tica se aplica a todos os Funcion rios da Atkore. Todos os Funcion rios da Empresa devem se familiarizar com esta Pol tica e respeit -la. A maior responsabilidade por evitar transa es impr prias de T tulos/Valores Mobili rios de cada Funcion rio da Empresa. Viola es a esta Pol tica podem resultar em penalidades civis e criminais sob as leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios dos EUA, e em a es disciplinares, incluindo a rescis o do contrato de trabalho por justa causa. Esta Pol tica foi aprovada pela Diretoria da Empresa e entrar em vigor na data da listagem inicial das A es Ordin rias da Empresa na Bolsa de Valores de Nova Iorque. A Diretoria ou um de seus Comit s revisar e poder alterar esta Pol tica periodicamente. As obriga es do Conselho Geral aqui contidas podem ser delegadas pelo Conselho Geral a outros membros designados do Departamento Jur dico periodicamente. DEFINI ES Funcion rios da Empresa significa todos aqueles que trabalham em per odo integral, meio per odo, assalariados, horistas, sindicalizados ou n o, agentes, executivos e a Diretoria, estendendo-se a familiares pr ximos e outras pessoa da mesma moradia. Conselho Geral significa o Conselho Geral da Empresa. Detentor de informa es privilegiadas sob as leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios dos EUA geralmente significa qualquer pessoa de posse de informa es relevantes sobre uma empresa, tendo essa pessoa obtido as mesmas diretamente ou indiretamente da empresa. Informa es privilegiadas se refere a negocia es de t tulos/valores mobili rios com base em informa es n o p blicas relevantes. Informa es n o p blicas relevantes est definido na Se o I(a) abaixo. Detentores tempor rios de informa es privilegiadas s o indiv duos que possuem um relacionamento confidencial especial com a Empresa, resultando em acesso a informa es n o p blicas relevantes. Tais pessoas podem incluir advogados, contadores, atu rios, consultores, conselheiros e agentes credit cios banc rios. Aconselhamento significa compartilhar informa es n o p blicas relevantes a terceiros. SEC significa a Comiss o de Valores Mobili rios dos EUA. T tulos/Valores Mobili rios significa as a es comuns ou t tulos de d vidas (como b nus ou deb ntures) ou quaisquer outros t tulos de participa o no capital (como garantias, op es ou a es preferenciais) de, ou t tulos derivados, uma empresa. 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 3 POL TICA E PROCEDIMENTOS Proibi o do Uso de Informa es Privilegiadas e Aconselhamentos Os Funcion rios da Empresa n o podem, diretamente ou indiretamente, adquirir ou vender T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa enquanto estejam de posse de informa es n o p blicas relevantes em rela o Empresa ou suas afiliadas. Similarmente, os Funcion rios da Empresa n o podem negociar T tulos/Valores Mobili rios de outra empresa se tal Funcion rio da Empresa tiver obtido essas informa es n o p blicas relevantes sobre essa empresa durante seu emprego ou relacionamento com a Atkore. Al m disso, os Funcion rios da Empresa n o podem oferecer informa es n o p blicas relevantes a outra pessoa. Os Funcion rios da Empresa e qualquer pessoa que receba do Funcion rio da Empresa qualquer informa o n o p blica relevante estar o potencialmente sujeitos a multas e pris o. Utiliza es de informa es privilegiadas ou aconselhamento s o viola es civis e criminais da lei. Transa es que podem ser necess rias ou justific veis por motivos independentes (tais como a necessidade de levantar dinheiro em uma emerg ncia) n o s o exce es. Garantir a confidencialidade de informa es n o p blicas a etapa mais importante para minimizar o uso de informa es privilegiadas e aconselhamentos ilegais. Todos os Funcion rios da Empresa devem garantir a confidencialidade das informa es s quais eles t m acesso. A menos que as informa es estejam de alguma maneira dispon veis ao p blico, os Funcion rios da Empresa devem limitar o acesso aos Funcion rios da Empresa que tenham necessidade razo vel de conhecer as informa es com a finalidade de realizar as tarefas para as quais as informa es sejam necess rias. Acordos especiais de confidencialidade podem ser exigidos para terceiros (incluindo parceiros comerciais externos, ag ncias governamentais e associa es comerciais) que buscam acesso a informa es n o p blicas relevantes. Informa es n o p blicas relevantes Saber se uma informa o relevante normalmente avaliado com o benef cio da retrospectiva. Sempre existir o informa es sobre a Empresa que n o s o divulgadas ao p blico. Essas informa es s o relevantes se tiverem a chance de afetar o pre o das a es da Empresa, ou se elas forem importantes a um investidor prudente em sua decis o de comprar, manter ou vender T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa ou de suas afiliadas. Informa es relevantes podem ser positivas ou negativas. Abaixo mostramos alguns exemplos de informa es que, se n o foram divulgadas ao p blico, podem ser informa es privilegiadas relevantes: resultados financeiros e outras informa es sobre resultados; previs es e planos financeiros; poss veis aquisi es, disposi es, joint ventures e outras transa es importantes; grandes altera es em pessoal ou na administra o; informa es que podem ter impacto nos resultados (como deprecia es ou ganhos inesperados e perdas ou ganhos operacionais); a conquista ou perda de um importante cliente ou fornecedor; uma grande a o judicial ou investiga o do governo; desenvolvimento de um novo produto ou processo importante; grandes disputas trabalhistas; 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 4 uma mudan a em um auditor, mudan as substanciais em metodologias de contabilidade ou uma notifica o de um auditor sobre o fato de um emitente n o mais confiar em um relat rio de auditoria; uma nova divulga o de a es ou d vidas ou outros desdobramentos financeiros importantes; uma poss vel mudan a no controle; ou qualquer informa o n o p blica (at mesmo informa es n o relacionadas exclusivamente aos neg cios da Empresa) que possa vir a afetar o pre o dos T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa. Informa es relevantes sobre a Empresa ou suas afiliadas devem ser consideradas relevantes a menos que haja certeza de que estejam dispon veis a todos. Por exemplo, os Funcion rios da Empresa devem presumir que as informa es n o s o p blicas a menos que tenham sido divulgadas em um comunicado imprensa, em um arquivo p blico feito com a SEC ou em materiais fornecidos a acionistas (como um relat rio anual, carta ao investidor, prospecto ou declara o de procura o), ou estejam dispon veis atrav s de um servi o de not cias ou jornal di rio de grande circula o, e por um per odo de tempo suficiente (ou seja, pelo menos dois dias teis completos) para que o mercado tenha a oportunidade de digerir tais informa es. Evitando aconselhar algu m com informa es n o p blicas relevantes Al m de limitar acesso a informa es conforme mostrado acima, os Funcion rios da Empresa devem pensar no seguinte para evitar poss veis aconselhamentos: marcar informa es n o p blicas relevantes com a palavra Confidencial e manter as informa es em locais geralmente n o acess veis a outras pessoas; direcionar perguntas da m dia sobre a Empresa ao Diretor de Comunica es e de investidores ou analistas financeiros aos representantes de Rela es com Investidores ou CFO; n o discutir assuntos comerciais n o p blicos relevantes ou confidenciais em locais p blicos, como elevadores, corredores, lobbies, sanit rios e locais de transporte p blico; nunca discutir sobre a Empresa em conversas por interm dio da Internet ou em um site que n o seja o da Empresa; e nunca oferecer a qualquer pessoa conselhos de negocia es de qualquer tipo em rela o aos T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa. Negociando t tulos/valores mobili rios que n o sejam da Atkore A proibi o do uso de informa es privilegiadas nesta Pol tica n o se limita negocia o de T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa. uma viola o desta Pol tica negociar T tulos/Valores Mobili rios de outra empresa se o indiv duo tiver obtido informa es n o p blicas relevantes sobre essa empresa durante o emprego ou relacionamento de um Funcion rio da Empresa com a Empresa. Os Funcion rios da Empresa podem obter informa es n o p blicas relevantes relacionadas a outras empresas no curso normal de seu emprego ou relacionamento com a Empresa, como negocia es com clientes importantes, fornecedores ou terceiros em transa es comerciais. Al m disso, as informa es que n o s o relevantes para a Empresa ou suas afiliadas podem, no entanto, ser relevantes para uma dessas outras empresas e n o permitido sob esta Pol tica que os Funcion rios da Empresa fa am uso pessoal de informa es n o p blicas relevantes obtidas no decorrer de seu emprego ou relacionamento com a Empresa. 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 5 Penalidades pela viola o das leis de informa es privilegiadas As poss veis penalidades pela viola o de informa es privilegiadas incluem: (a) pris o de at 20 anos; (b) multa criminal de at 5 milh es de d lares (independentemente do tamanho do lucro obtido ou perda evitada); e (c) penalidades civis de at tr s vezes o lucro obtido ou perda evitada. Se a Empresa deixar de tomar as medidas adequadas para evitar o com rcio ilegal de informa es privilegiadas, a Empresa pode ter responsabilidade de pessoa controladora em viola es comerciais, com pena criminal de at 25 milh es de d lares e penalidades civis de mais de 1 milh o de d lares ou tr s vezes o lucro obtido ou perda evitada. As penalidades civis podem estender a responsabilidade pessoal aos diretores, executivos e outros pessoais de supervis o da Empresa se eles deixarem de tomar as medidas adequadas para evitar o com rcio de informa es privilegiadas. Se for descoberto que algum Funcion rio da Empresa violou as leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios (tenha sido ou n o processado ou incriminado por uma autoridade governamental ou parte privada) ou violou esta Pol tica, tal pessoa estar sujeita a demiss o ou outras san es e a poss veis den ncias por parte da Empresa pelos danos sofridos em raz o de suas atividades. Op es de compra de a es por funcion rios Esta Pol tica n o se aplica ao exerc cio de uma op o de compra de a es pelo funcion rio ou ao exerc cio de um direito de reten o de imposto de acordo com o qual um Funcion rio da Empresa opte por manter as a es da Empresa sujeitas a uma op o para satisfazer as exig ncias de reten o de imposto. Esta Pol tica se aplica, contudo, a qualquer venda de a es como parte do exerc cio sem dinheiro de uma op o, auxiliado por um corretor, ou qualquer outra venda de mercado com a finalidade de gerar caixa para pagar o pre o de exerc cio de uma op o. Transa es adicionais Os seguintes tipos de transa es s o proibidos por esta Pol tica em rela o aos T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa, exceto com o consentimento pr vio por escrito do Conselho Geral, de acordo com as leis, regras e regulamenta es aplic veis: vendas a descoberto, negocia o de op es (incluindo transa es em op es de venda, op es de compra ou outros t tulos/valores mobili rios derivados, seja em uma bolsa ou em qualquer outro mercado organizado), transa es de hedge, contas de margem e penhores. Restri es em negocia es responsabilidade do Funcion rio da Empresa limitar as transa es de T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa a per odos em que o Funcion rio da Empresa n o esteja de posse de qualquer informa o n o p blica relevante que possa ter influ ncia no pre o de mercado de tais T tulos/Valores Mobili rios. Transa es p s-encerramento do contrato de trabalho Esta Pol tica permanece aplic vel a transa es com T tulos/Valores Mobili rios da Empresa ou suas afiliadas ap s o Funcion rio da Empresa n o mais trabalhar para a Empresa. Se um Funcion rio da Empresa estiver de posse de informa es n o p blicas relevantes quando seu emprego for encerrado, ele ou ela n o poder negociar tais T tulos/Valores Mobili rios at que essas informa es se tornem p blicas ou n o sejam mais relevantes. Nenhum terceiro benefici rio Esta Pol tica foi adotada para proteger o bom nome, reputa o, bens, neg cios e prospectos da Empresa e suas afiliadas. Ela n o pretende e n o cria nenhum direito legal em terceiros, 

Publicado por: Comit Diretor de Pol tica da Atkore Aprovado: Revisado e aprovado pela Diretoria em 27 de abril de 2016 6 incluindo investidores, parceiros, credores, clientes, fornecedores e outros que possuam rela es comerciais com tais entidades. D vidas D vidas em rela o a esta Pol tica, incluindo saber se informa es s o relevantes ou se foram divulgadas ao p blico devem ser direcionadas ao Conselho Geral antes de qualquer a o ser tomada. Os Funcion rios da Empresa s o seriamente desencorajados a tentar resolver problemas ou quest es relacionados a esta Pol tica e s leis de t tulos/valores mobili rios por conta pr pria, pois as regras relacionadas ao uso de informa es privilegiadas s o complexas e as viola es podem resultar em consequ ncias graves. D vidas em rela o a qualquer viola o desta Pol tica podem tamb m ser direcionado para Atkore EthicsPoint. DEN NCIA E SOLU O A Atkore apoia a comunica o aberta e incentiva os funcion rios e outras partes interessadas a denunciar de boa-f qualquer viola o desta ou de qualquer pol tica, regulamento da empresa ou lei aplic vel. Os funcion rios podem relatar poss veis viola es ou preocupa es ao seu gerente, seu parceiro de comercial de Recursos Humanos ou ao departamento jur dico. As den ncias tamb m podem ser feitas anonimamente atrav s da EthicsPoint da Atkore: Pela Internet: https://atkore.ethicspoint.com Por telefone: 1-888-503-5397 Todas as den ncias ser o investigadas de forma imediata e imparcial, e buscaremos uma solu o apropriada sempre que ocorrerem viola es desta pol tica. Na Atkore, trabalhamos para promover um ambiente alinhado aos nossos valores essenciais. Nossos funcion rios s o respons veis por si e uns pelos outros por trabalhar com respeito e integridade. Qualquer tipo de retalia o inconsistente com esses valores e n o ser tolerado. Qualquer funcion rio que sujeite outro funcion rio a tal retalia o estar sujeito a a o disciplinar, incluindo a rescis o do contrato de trabalho. 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 1 Ch nh s ch v Giao d ch N i gi n M C CH V PH M VI Ch nh s ch n y c a Atkore Inc., (c ng v i c c c ng ty con v chi nh nh, g i chung l Atkore ho c C ng ty li n quan n vi c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty, c ng nh giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a c c c ng ty kh c. Danh ti ng c a C ng ty v s li m ch nh v c c ti u chu n o c cao trong vi c th c hi n c c c ng vi c c a m nh l i u t i quan tr ng. Do , i u c n C C I M N I B T C A CH NH S CH Ch nh s ch n y p d ng cho t t c nh n vi n c a C ng ty, bao g m nh n vi n to n th i gian, b n th i gian, thu c bi n ch , l m theo gi , thu c c ng o n v kh ng thu c c ng o n, c n b , gi m c i u h nh v H i ng Qu n tr , v p d ng cho c c c th nh vi n tr c ti p trong gia nh c ng nh nh ng ng i kh c s ng trong h gia nh c a h . Nh n vi n c a C ng ty kh ng c, tr c ti p ho c gi n ti p, giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty trong khi s h u nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai, li n quan n C ng ty. Th ng tin l quan tr ng n u n c kh n ng nh h ng n gi c phi u c a C ng ty, ho c n u n quan tr ng i v i m t nh u t h p l trong vi c a ra quy t nh mua, n m gi ho c b n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty. Th ng tin quan tr ng v C ng ty ho c c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty n n c coi l kh ng c ng khai tr khi c s ch c ch n r ng th ng tin c c ng b r ng r i. Nh n vi n c a C ng ty kh ng c cung c p cho ng i kh c nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. Nh n vi n c a C ng ty v b t k ng i n o nh n c b t k th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai n o c a c ng ty u c kh n ng b ph t v b t n u vi ph m. Vi c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a m t c ng ty kh c c ng l h nh vi vi ph m Ch nh s ch n y n u c nh n giao d ch ch ng kho n thu c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai v c ng ty trong th i gian l m vi c cho Atkore. m b o t nh b o m t c a th ng tin kh ng c ng khai l b c quan tr ng nh t gi m thi u r i ro giao d ch n i gi n b t h p ph p v ti t l b m t/m ch n c. C c h nh ph t i v i vi ph m giao d ch n i gi n l r t n ng, bao g m ph t t l n t i 20 n m v ph t ti n l n n 5 tri u la, b t k s ti n ki m c ho c t ch c p c l bao nhi u. M t s giao d ch nh t nh li n quan n quy n ch n c phi u c a nh n vi n s b c m trong th i gian ng ng giao d ch nh c n u trong Ch nh s ch n y. Ch nh s ch n y c m c c lo i giao d ch sau y li n quan n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty: b n kh ng, giao d ch quy n ch n (bao g m c c giao d ch mua, b n ho c ch ng kho n ph i sinh kh c cho d l tr n s n giao d ch ho c b t k th tr ng c t ch c n o kh c), giao d ch b o hi m r i ro, t i kho n k qu v b o m Nh n vi n C ng ty c tr ch nhi m gi i h n c c giao d ch Ch ng kho n C ng ty ch trong ph m vi c c kho ng th i gian m ng i kh ng s h u c c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. N u m t Nh n vi n C ng ty n m gi c c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai th i i m ch m d t h p ng lao ng, th ng i kh ng c giao d ch Ch ng kho n cho n khi th ng tin c c ng khai ho c kh ng c n quan tr ng n a M i th c m c n n c chuy n n T ng c v n tr c khi th c hi n b t k h nh ng n o. Nh n vi n C ng ty kh ng n n t m nh gi i quy t c c v n ho c th c m c li n quan n Ch nh s ch n y v lu t ch ng kho n, v c c quy t c li n quan n giao d ch n i gi n r t ph c t p v vi c vi ph m c th d n n h u qu nghi m tr ng. 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 2 thi t l t t c c c giao d ch ph i tu n th lu t ch ng kho n Hoa K v th m ch l tr nh c nh ng bi u hi n c a s kh ng ph h p. Ch nh s ch n y p d ng cho m i nh n vi n C ng ty Atkore. T t c c c nh n vi n c a C ng ty u ph i t l m quen v i Ch nh s ch n y v tu n theo Ch nh s ch. Tr ch nhi m cu i c ng trong vi c tr nh c c giao d ch Ch ng kho n kh ng ph h p thu c v m i Nh n vi n C ng ty. Vi c vi ph m Ch nh s ch n y c th d n n c c h nh ph t d n s v h nh s theo lu t ch ng kho n Hoa K v b x l k lu t, th m ch l b ch m d t h p ng lao ng c l do. Ch nh s ch n y c H i ng qu n tr C ng ty ph duy t v s c hi u l c k t ng y C phi u Ph th ng c a C ng ty c ni m y t l n u tr n S n giao d ch Ch ng kho n New York. H i ng Qu n tr ho c m t trong c c y ban c a H i ng Qu n tr s xem x t v c th s a i Ch nh s ch n y t y t ng th i i m. T y t ng th i i m, T ng c v n c th y nhi m c c ngh a v c a m nh theo ch nh s ch n y cho c c th nh vi n c ch nh kh c c a Ph ng Ph p ch . NH NGH A Nh n vi n C ng ty c ngh a l t t c c c nh n vi n to n th i gian, b n th i gian, thu c bi n ch , theo gi , thu c c ng o n v kh ng thu c c ng o n, qu n l , gi m c i u h nh v H i ng Qu n tr , v p d ng cho c c c th nh vi n tr c ti p trong gia nh c ng nh nh ng ng i kh c s ng trong h gia nh c a h . T ng c v n c ngh a l T ng c v n c a C ng ty. N i gi n theo lu t ch ng kho n Hoa K th ng c ngh a l b t k ai s h u th ng tin quan tr ng v m t c ng ty m ng i c c m t c ch tr c ti p ho c gi n ti p t c ng ty. Giao d ch n i gi n l giao d ch ch ng kho n tr n c s th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. Th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai c nh ngh a trong Ph n I (a) b n d i. N i gi n T m th i l nh ng c nh n c m i quan h b m t c bi t v i C ng ty d n n vi c h c th ti p c n nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. Nh ng ng i n y c th bao g m lu t s b n ngo i, k to n, chuy n vi n th ng k b o hi m, chuy n gia t v n, c v n v c n b cho vay ng n h ng. Ti t l b m t/M ch n c c ngh a l chia s th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai v i b n th ba. SEC c ngh a l y ban Giao d ch Ch ng kho n Hoa K (U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission). Ch ng kho n c ngh a l c phi u ph th ng ho c ch ng kho n n (ch ng h n nh tr i phi u ho c gi y n ho c b t k ch ng kho n v n n o kh c (ch ng h n nh ch ng quy n, quy n ch n ho c c phi u u i) c a, ho c ch ng kho n ph i sinh li n quan n, m t c ng ty. 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 3 CH NH S CH V QUY TR NH C m Giao d ch N i gi n v M ch n c Nh n vi n c a C ng ty kh ng c, tr c ti p ho c gi n ti p, mua ho c b n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty trong khi s h u nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai, li n quan n C ng ty ho c c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty. T ng t , Nh n vi n C ng ty kh ng c ph p giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a m t c ng ty kh c c ng n u Nh n vi n C ng ty thu c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai v c ng ty trong qu tr nh l m vi c cho ho c quan h v i Atkore. Ngo i ra, Nh n vi n c a C ng ty kh ng c cung c p cho ng i kh c nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. Nh n vi n c a C ng ty v b t k ng i n o nh n c b t k th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai n o c a c ng ty u c kh n ng b ph t v b t n u vi ph m. Giao d ch n i gi n v m ch n c l vi ph m lu t d n s v h nh s . C c giao d ch m c th c n thi t ho c ch nh ng v nh ng l do c l p (ch ng h n nh c n huy ng ti n trong tr ng h p kh n c p) kh ng ph i l ngo i l . m b o t nh b o m t c a th ng tin kh ng c ng khai l b c quan tr ng nh t gi m thi u giao d ch n i gi n b t h p ph p v ti t l b m t/m ch n c. T t c c c nh n vi n C ng ty ph i m b o t nh b o m t c a th ng tin m h c quy n ti p c n. Tr khi th ng tin c c ng b c ng khai, c c Nh n vi n C ng ty ch c ti p c n c c Nh n vi n C ng ty c n bi t th ng tin nh m m c ch th c hi n nh ng nhi m v i h i ph i c th ng tin . C th c n ph i k th a thu n b o m t i v i nh ng ng i kh c (bao g m c c i t c kinh doanh b n ngo i, c c c quan ch nh ph v hi p h i th ng m i), m ang t m c ch ti p c n nh ng th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai. Th ng tin Quan tr ng Kh ng c ng khai Th ng tin c ph i l quan tr ng hay kh ng th ng c nh gi khi nh n ng c l i chuy n qua. S lu n c nh ng th ng tin v C ng ty m c ng ch ng th ng kh ng bi t n. Th ng tin n y quan tr ng n u n c kh n ng nh h ng n gi c phi u c a C ng ty, ho c n u n quan tr ng i v i m t nh u t h p l trong vi c a ra quy t nh mua, n m gi ho c b n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty ho c chi nh nh c a C ng ty. Th ng tin t ch c c ho c ti u c c u c th l quan tr ng. Sau y l m t v i v d v nh ng th ng tin m c th l th ng tin n i b quan tr ng, n u kh ng c c ng b c ng khai: k t qu t i ch nh v th ng tin thu nh p kh c; d b o v k ho ch t i ch nh; c c v mua l i, chuy n nh ng, li n doanh v c c giao d ch l n kh thi kh c; nh ng thay i l n v nh n s ho c qu n l ; nh ng th ng tin c th c t c ng n thu nh p (ch ng h n nh ghi gi m ho c l i ngo i d ki n v c c kho n l ho c l i ho t ng); th ng tin v l ho c l i c a m t kh ch h ng ho c nh cung c p quan tr ng; m t v ki n l n ho c cu c i u tra c a ch nh ph vi c ph t tri n m t s n ph m ho c quy tr nh m i quan tr ng; nh ng tranh ch p lao ng ng k s thay i v ki m to n vi n, nh ng thay i ng k trong ph ng ph p k to n ho c th ng b o c a ki m to n vi n r ng t ch c ph t h nh c th kh ng c n d a v o b o c o ki m to n n m t t ph t h nh m i c phi u ho c n ho c c c di n bi n t i ch nh quan tr ng kh c; 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 4 m t thay i c th c v quy n ki m so t; ho c b t k th ng tin kh ng c ng khai n o (ngay c nh ng th ng tin kh ng ph i ch li n quan n ho t ng kinh doanh c a C ng ty) m c th c d ki n m t c ch h p l s nh h ng n gi Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty. Th ng tin quan tr ng v C ng ty ho c c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty n n c coi l kh ng c ng khai tr khi c s ch c ch n r ng th ng tin c c ng b r ng r i. V d : c c nh n vi n c a C ng ty n n gi nh r ng th ng tin kh ng c c ng khai tr khi th ng tin c ti t l trong th ng c o b o ch , trong h s c ng khai g i cho SEC ho c trong c c t i li u c cung c p cho c ng (ch ng h n nh b o c o th ng ni n, th g i nh u t , b n c o b ch ho c tuy n b y quy n), ho c c s n th ng qua d ch v i n t tin t c ho c t nh t b o c l ng ph t h nh r ng r i v th i gian (t c l t nh t hai ng y l m vi c ch nh th c) th tr ng c c h i t m hi u th ng tin. Tr nh ti t l cho ai bi t th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai Ngo i vi c h n ch quy n ti p c n th ng tin nh n u tr n, nh n vi n C ng ty n n xem x t nh ng i u sau tr nh kh n ng x y ra vi c ti t l th ng tin: nh d u c c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai l B m t v gi th ng tin n i n o m ng i kh c th ng kh ng th ti p c n chuy n c c c u h i v C ng ty t c c ph ng ti n truy n th ng cho Gi m c Truy n th ng v t c c nh u t ho c nh ph n t ch t i ch nh cho i di n Quan h Nh u t ho c Gi m c T i ch nh (CFO); kh ng th o lu n c c v n kinh doanh b m t ho c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai nh ng n i c ng c ng, ch ng h n nh thang m y, i s nh, h nh lang, ph ng v sinh v c c ph ng ti n giao th ng c ng c ng; kh ng bao gi th o lu n v C ng ty trong ph ng tr chuy n tr n internet ho c tr n c c trang web kh ng ph i c a C ng ty; v kh ng bao gi a ra l i khuy n giao d ch d i b t k h nh th c n o cho b t k ai li n quan n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty. Giao d ch c c lo i Ch ng kho n kh ng ph i c a Atkore Vi c c m giao d ch n i gi n trong Ch nh s ch n y kh ng ch gi i h n vi c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty. Vi c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a m t c ng ty kh c l h nh vi vi ph m Ch nh s ch n y n u c nh n thu th p c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai v c ng ty trong qu tr nh l m vi c cho C ng ty ho c trong th i gian c quan h v i C ng ty. Nh n vi n C ng ty c th s h u th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai li n quan n c c c ng ty kh c trong qu tr nh l m vi c b nh th ng c a m nh cho C ng ty ho c c m i quan h v i C ng ty, ch ng h n nh giao d ch v i nh ng kh ch h ng l n, nh cung c p ho c c c b n kh c trong giao d ch kinh doanh. Tuy nhi n, ngo i ra, nh ng th ng tin kh ng quan tr ng i v i C ng ty ho c c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty c th v n quan tr ng i v i m t trong nh ng c ng ty kh c , v theo Ch nh s ch n y nh n vi n C ng ty kh ng c ph p s d ng ri ng c c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai thu th p c trong qu tr nh l m vi c cho C ng ty ho c trong th i gian c quan h v i C ng ty. H nh ph t i v i h nh vi vi ph m lu t giao d ch n i gi n C c h nh ph t c th c i v i vi ph m giao d ch n i gi n bao g m: (a) ph t t l n n 20 n (b) ti n ph t h nh s l n n 5 tri u la (b t k l i nhu n thu c ho c kho n thua l c th tr nh c l bao nhi u); v (c) c c h nh ph t d n s l n n ba l n l i nhu n thu c ho c thua l tr nh c. N u C ng ty kh ng th c hi n c c b c th ch h p ng n ch n giao d ch n i gi n b t h p ph p, C ng ty c th ch u tr ch nhi m c a ng i ki m so t i v i c c h nh vi vi 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 5 ph m giao d ch, v i h nh ph t h nh s l n n 25 tri u la v h nh ph t d n s l n n 1 tri u la ho c g p ba l n l i nhu n thu c ho c thua l tr nh c. C c h nh ph t d n s c th m r ng tr ch nhi m c nh n m li n i t i gi m c, qu n l v nh n vi n gi m s t kh c c a C ng ty n u h kh ng th c hi n c c b c th ch h p ng n ch n giao d ch n i gi n. N u b t k Nh n vi n n o c a C ng ty b ph t hi n vi ph m lu t ch ng kho n (cho d c b truy t ho c ki n b i c quan ch nh ph ho c b n t nh n hay kh ng) ho c vi ph m Ch nh s ch n y, nh n vi n s b sa th i ho c ch u c c bi n ph p tr ng ph t kh c v c c khi u n i c th c c a C ng ty cho nh ng thi t h i do ho t ng c a h g y ra. Quy n ch n C phi u c a Nh n vi n Ch nh s ch n y kh ng p d ng cho vi c th c hi n quy n ch n c phi u c a nh n vi n ho c cho vi c th c hi n quy n kh u l u thu m theo m t Nh n vi n c a C ng ty ch n C ng ty gi l i c phi u theo quy n ch n p ng c c y u c u kh u l u thu . Tuy nhi n, Ch nh s ch n y p d ng cho b t k vi c b n c phi u n o nh m t ph n c a vi c th c hi n quy n ch n kh ng d ng ti n m t c b n m i gi i h tr , ho c b t k vi c b n ra th tr ng n o kh c nh m m c ch t o ra ti n m t thanh to n gi th c hi n m t quy n ch n. Giao d ch B sung Ch nh s ch n y c m c c lo i giao d ch sau y li n quan n Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty, tr khi c s ng tr c b ng v n b n c a T ng c v n theo lu t, quy t c v quy nh hi n h nh: b n kh ng, giao d ch quy n ch n (bao g m c c giao d ch mua, b n ho c ch ng kho n ph i sinh kh c cho d l tr n s n giao d ch ho c b t k th tr ng c t ch c n o kh c), giao d ch b o hi m r i ro, t i kho n k qu v b o m. H n ch Giao d ch Nh n vi n C ng ty c tr ch nhi m gi i h n c c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty ch trong ph m vi nh ng kho ng th i gian m c nh n Nh n vi n C ng ty kh ng n m gi b t k th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai n o c th nh h ng n gi th tr ng c a Ch ng kho n . Giao d ch Sau khi Ch m d t H p ng Lao ng Ch nh s ch n y v n p d ng cho c c giao d ch Ch ng kho n c a C ng ty ho c c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty sau khi m t nh n vi n c a C ng ty kh ng c n l m vi c cho C ng ty n a. N u m t Nh n vi n C ng ty n m gi c c th ng tin quan tr ng kh ng c ng khai th i i m ch m d t h p ng lao ng, th ng i kh ng c giao d ch Ch ng kho n cho n khi th ng tin c c ng khai ho c kh ng c n quan tr ng n a. Kh ng c Ng i th h ng B n th ba Ch nh s ch n y c th ng qua b o v uy t n, danh ti ng, t i s n, c ng vi c kinh doanh v tri n v ng c a C ng ty v c c chi nh nh c a C ng ty. N kh ng nh m v kh ng t o ra b t k quy n h p ph p n o cho b t k b n th ba n o, bao g m c c nh u t , i t c, ch n , kh ch h ng, nh cung c p v nh ng ng i kh c c quan h kinh doanh v i c c th c th . C u h i C c c u h i li n quan n Ch nh s ch n y, bao g m vi c li u th ng tin c quan tr ng kh ng ho c c ti t l cho c ng ch ng hay ch a, n n c chuy n n T ng c v n tr c khi th c hi n b t k h nh ng n o. Nh n vi n C ng ty kh ng n n t m nh gi i quy t c c v n ho c th c m c li n quan n Ch nh s ch n y v lu t ch ng kho n, v c c quy t c li n quan n giao d ch n i gi n r t ph c t p v vi c vi ph m c th d n n h u qu nghi m tr ng. 

c ban h nh b i: Ban ch o Ch nh s ch c a Atkorek Ph duy t: c H i ng qu n tr xem x t v ph duy t ng y 27 th ng 4 n m 2016 6 C c m i quan ng i v b t k vi ph m n o i v i Ch nh s ch n y c ng c th c chuy n n ng d y c nh b o c a Atkore. B O C O V BI N PH P KH C PH C Atkore h tr trao i th ng tin c i m v khuy n kh ch nh n vi n v c c b n quan t m kh c b o c o c thi n ch v b t k vi ph m n o i v i i u n y ho c b t k ch nh s ch, quy nh ho c lu t hi n h nh n o c a C ng Ty. C c nh n vi n c th b o c o nh ng vi ph m ho c nh ng lo ng i ti m n cho ng i qu n l , i t c kinh doanh Nh n S c a h ho c Ph ng Ph p Ch . C c b o c o c ng c th c th c hi n n danh th ng qua ng D y C nh B o c a Atkore: Qua Web: https://atkore.ethicspoint.com Qua i n Tho i: 1-888-503-5397 T t c c c b o c o s c i u tra m t c ch c ng b ng v nhanh ch ng, v ch ng t i s t m ki m bi n ph p kh c ph c th ch h p n u x y ra c c vi ph m ch nh s ch n y. T i Atkore, ch ng t i n l c th c y m t m i tr ng l m vi c ph h p v i nh ng Gi Tr C t L i c a ch ng ta. C c nh n vi n c a ch ng t i ch u tr ch nhi m cho ch nh h v nh ng ng i kh c v vi c v n h nh v i s t n tr ng v ch nh tr c. S tr th d i b t k h nh th c n o u kh ng ph h p v i nh ng gi tr v s kh ng c dung th . B t k nh n vi n n o tr th m t nh n vi n kh c nh v y s ph i ch u h nh th c k lu t, l n n v bao g m c vi c ch m d t h p ng lao ng. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-19.2>
 4
 designatedandsection16in.htm
 EX-19.2

designatedandsection16in 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 1 Designated and Section 16 Insider Trading Policy INTENT AND SCOPE This Policy of Atkore Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, Atkore or the Company concerns trading in the Securities of the Company or its affiliates, as well as trading in Securities of other companies, and applies to all Designated Insiders and Section 16 Insiders (collectively, Insiders ). The Company s reputation for integrity and high ethical standards in the conduct of its affairs is of paramount importance. To preserve this reputation, it is essential that all transactions in Securities conform to U.S. securities laws and avoid even the appearance of impropriety All Insiders must familiarize themselves and abide by this policy, as well as the Atkore Inc. Insider Trading Policy. Violations of either policy may result in civil and criminal penalties under U.S. securities laws, and in disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including termination of employment. This policy has been approved by the Company Board of Directors and shall become effective as of the date of the initial listing of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange. The Board of Directors or one of its Committees will review and may amend this policy from time to time. POLICY HIGHLIGHTS This Policy applies to Designated Insiders and their relatives, and Section 16 Insiders. Designated insiders include: (a) all directors of the Company; (b) the CEO and all persons reporting directly to the CEO; (c) the CFO and all persons in the finance organization with access to the unreported consolidated financial results or projections of the Company; and (d) any member of the extended executive management team with access to the company s unreported financial results and projections. Section 16 insiders include all officers, directors and 10 stockholders of the Company. Purchases and sales of Securities of the Company by Designated Insiders or Related persons will not be permitted when material nonpublic information may exist during restricted periods, including but not limited to: o From 15 days prior to the end of each fiscal quarter until after the second full business day following the release of the Company s quarterly or annual earnings results; or o When the Company issues interim earnings guidance or other potentially material information by way of press release, SEC filing on Form 8-K or other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. A Designated Insider may be able to trade in Securities of the Company during the restricted periods if the Designated Insider has entered into a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The General Counsel must provide pre-clearance for any transaction involving the Company s Securities by a Designated Insider or a Related Person. Section 16 Insiders are required to report a variety of transactions of Company equity securities by law and shall do so by utilizing the procedures and forms of this Policy. This Policy continues to apply to transactions in Securities of the Company even after employment with the Company terminates. 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 2 The obligations of the General Counsel hereunder may be delegated by the General Counsel to such other officers or members of the Legal Department of the Company as may be designated from time to time. DEFINITIONS Company Associates: All full-time, part-time, salaried, hourly, union, and nonunion, officers, executives and the Board of Directors, and to immediate family members and other persons living in their households. Designated Insiders: including: (a) all directors of the Company, (b) the CEO and all persons reporting directly to the CEO, (c) the CFO, and all persons in the finance organization of the Company having access to the unreported consolidated financial results or projections of the Company, and (d) any member of the extended executive management team having access to the Company s unreported financial results and projections. A list of current Designated Insiders is attached as Exhibit A to this policy. The General Counsel will update that list from time to time. Exchange Act: The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. General Counsel: The General Counsel of the Company. Immediate family member: includes any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the Designated Insider. Related Person: Immediate family members, any other persons living in a Designated Insider s household, and any entities a Designated Insider may control. Securities: The common stock or debt securities (such as bonds or debentures) or any other equity securities (such as warrants, options, or preferred stock) of, or derivative securities related to, a company. Section 16 Insiders: All officers, directors, and 10 stockholders of the Company. Capitalized terms not defined in this policy have the meanings ascribed to them in the Atkore Inc. Policy on Trading in Securities. POLICY AND PROCEDURES Special Trading Restrictions on Designated Insiders Trading Blackout Periods All Company Associates must limit transactions in Securities of the Company or its affiliates to periods when they can reasonably be satisfied that there are no pending nonpublic material developments that might have a bearing on the market price of such Securities. In addition to this general prohibition applying to all Company Associates, there are further trading restrictions on certain Company officers, directors, and employees who routinely have access to material nonpublic information, specifically including all Designated Insiders. 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 3 Purchases and sales of Securities of the Company or its affiliates by Designated Insiders, as well as any Related Persons thereof, will not be permitted at the following times when material nonpublic information may exist: 1. During the period beginning 15 days prior to the end of each fiscal quarter and ending after the second full business day following the release of the Company s quarterly or annual earnings results. 2. The Company may, on occasion, issue interim earnings guidance and other potentially material information by way of a press release, SEC filing on Form 8-K, or other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. Individuals subject to this policy should anticipate that trading will be blacked out while the Company is in the process of assembling the information to be released and until the information has been released and fully absorbed into the market. 3. Such other periods as to which Designated Insiders will be specifically advised. Rule 10b5-1 Plans A Designated Insider may be able to trade in Securities of the Company or its affiliates during the restricted periods set forth above if the Designated Insider has entered into a so-called Rule 10b5- 1 plan. Rule 10b5-1 plans allow corporate insiders to establish a defense to insider trading allegations by effecting transactions pursuant to a pre-established written plan that specifies (by, for example, formula or actual dates) when trades are to be made and is entered into at a point in time when the insider does not possess material nonpublic information. In general terms, a Rule 10b5-1 plan can be designed to allow purchases and sales even when the Designated Insider would otherwise be blocked by a blackout period or the possession of material nonpublic information. A Designated Insider may wish to work with his or her broker to set up such a plan. Any Designated Insider s Rule 10b5-1 plan must: (a) be in writing and in a form acceptable to the Company; (b) be acknowledged in writing by the General Counsel prior to the plan becoming effective; (c) contain such terms and conditions as may be required by Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act; and (d) not be entered into during a blackout period or when the Designated Insider is in possession of material nonpublic information. Mandatory Pre-clearance Procedure Designated Insiders and any Related Person may not engage in any transaction involving Securities of the Company or its affiliates, including gifts, without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the General Counsel. A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the General Counsel at least five business days before the proposed transaction. The General Counsel will then determine whether the transaction may proceed and, if so, assist in complying with the SEC s reporting requirements. In the event an approved transaction is not consummated within the time period agreed to by the General Counsel, it must be re-approved before it may be consummated at a later date. Transactions effected pursuant to Company-approved Rule 10b5-1 plans will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the transaction if the plan specifies the dates, prices, and amounts of the contemplated trades or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices, and amounts. Any Designated Insider or Related Person who effects a transaction pursuant to such a plan (or his or her broker) must, however, report the specific transaction to the General Counsel no later 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 4 than the day on which such person finds out the trade s amount, date and price. Reliance on the terms of the plan will not constitute sufficient notice. Certification All Designated Insiders must certify annually their understanding of, and intent to comply with, the procedures set forth in this policy. Please copy, complete, and return the required certification (attached as Exhibit B to this Policy) to the General Counsel immediately and, thereafter, no later than January 1st of each year. Section 16 Insiders Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder require Section 16 Insiders to report to the SEC numerous types of transactions in Company equity securities. Such reporting is generally made on an SEC-prescribed document known as a Form 4. The required reporting of transactions in Company equity securities by Section 16 Insiders requires timely communication between those individuals and the Company. Each Section 16 Insider must notify the General Counsel two (2) days prior to the day on which such insider affects any transaction in Company equity securities. A list of Section 16 Insiders as of June 10, 2016, is attached as Exhibit A to this policy. The General Counsel will update this list from time to time. Reminders and Alerts; Power of Attorney Because the risk of late Form 4 filings and filings containing inaccurate information is considerable, and because of heightened public scrutiny, the Company will send Section 16 Insiders periodic preventive Reminders and Alerts during the course of the year. In addition, in order to enable the Company to prepare and file Forms 4 on a timely basis, Section 16 Insiders must sign and return a power of attorney, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit D. Use of Brokers by Section 16 Insiders The Company has worked out a coordinated procedure with Morgan Stanley. Those Section 16 Insiders who are not currently using Morgan Stanley as their broker are encouraged to enter all their transactions in equity securities of the Company or its affiliates through Morgan Stanley (Morgan Stanley will not seek to reinvest the funds from these transactions or seek any other securities business from the Section 16 Insider.) Whether Section 16 Insiders choose to utilize Morgan Stanley or their own broker, we require that Section 16 Insiders and their brokers sign the Broker Instruction/Representation attached as Exhibit C to this policy, which imposes two requirements on the broker handling transactions by Section 16 Insiders in equity securities of the Company or its affiliates: 1. To not enter any order (except for orders under pre-approved Rule 10b5-1 plans) without: a. first verifying with the Company that the transaction was pre-cleared; and b. complying with the brokerage firm s compliance procedures. 2. To report immediately to the Company via a. telephone and 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 5 b. in writing (via e-mail or fax) the details of every transaction involving equity securities of the Company or its affiliates, including gifts, transfers, pledges, and all 10b5-1 transactions. Section 16 Insiders should sign and have their brokers sign the enclosed Broker Instruction/Representation Form, attached as Exhibit C, and return it to us no later than July 1st so that we can establish a coordinated procedure with their brokers. Post-Termination Transactions This policy continues to apply to transactions in Securities of the Company or its affiliates even after employment with the Company terminates. Any individual in possession of material nonpublic information when employment terminates may not trade in such Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. Any questions regarding the application of this limitation should be directed to the General Counsel. Assistance with Compliance The ultimate responsibility for adhering to this policy and avoiding improper Securities transactions rests with each insider. Violations of this Policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal for cause. Any Insider who has any questions regarding this policy or who is unsure whether information relating to the Company, its affiliates, or any other publicly traded company is material, or whether it has been disclosed to the public, should contact the General Counsel before taking any action. It is important to note that individuals should not try to resolve these issues on their own, as the rules relating to insider trading are complex, and violations can result in severe consequences. No Third Party Beneficiaries This policy has been adopted to protect the good name, reputation, franchises, assets, businesses, and prospects of the Company and its affiliates. It is not intended to, and does not, create any legal rights in any third parties, including investors, partners, creditors, customers, suppliers, and others having business relations with such entities. Questions Questions about this policy or the application of such policy to a particular situation should be directed to the General Counsel. REPORTING AND REMEDIATION Atkore supports open communication and encourages employees and other interested parties to make a good faith report of any violation of this or any Company policy, regulation or applicable law. Employees may report potential violations or concerns to their manager, their Human Resources business partner or the Legal Department. Reports may also be made anonymously through the Atkore EthicsPoint. Via Web: https://atkore.ethicspoint.com Via Phone: 1-888-503-5397 All reports will be promptly and impartially investigated, and we will seek an appropriate remedy 

Issued by: Atkore Policy Steering Committee Approved: Reviewed and approved January 2022 6 wherever violations of this policy occur. At Atkore, we strive to promote a work environment of in line with our Core Values. Our employees hold themselves and one another accountable for operating with respect and integrity. Retaliation of any kind is inconsistent with those values and will not be tolerated. Any employee who subjects another employee to such retaliation will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 

</EX-19.2>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a4q24exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 ATKORE INC. 
 Significant Subsidiaries 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation AFC Cable Systems, Inc. Delaware Allied Luxembourg S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Allied Products UK Limited United Kingdom Allied Tube & Conduit Corporation Delaware Atkore Construction Technologies NZ Limited New Zealand Atkore Foreign Holdings, Inc. Delaware Atkore HDPE, LLC Delaware Atkore Holdings IX (Denmark) ApS Denmark Atkore International, Inc. Delaware Atkore Management, LLC Delaware Atkore Metal Products (Changshu Co., Ltd.) China Atkore Metal Products Pte Limited Singapore Atkore Plastic Pipe Corporation Delaware Atkore Plastics Southeast, LLC Delaware Atkore Southwest, LLC Delaware Calpipe Industries, LLC California Columbia-MBF Inc. Canada FlexHead Industries, Inc. Massachusetts Flexicon Australia Pty Limited Australia Flexicon Limited United Kingdom FRE Composites, Inc. Canada Kalanda Enterprises Pty Limited Australia Marco Cable Management Limited United Kingdom Northwest Polymers, LLC Oregon Sasco Tubes & Roll Forming Inc. Canada Standard Industries Co. Limited Hong Kong Swan Metal Skirting Pty Limited Australia Tekflex Limited United Kingdom - Dormant TKN, Inc. Rhode Island Unistrut (New Zealand) Holdings Pty Limited Australia Unistrut Australia Pty Limited Australia Unistrut Cable Management and Protection Systems Israel Unistrut International Corporation Nevada Unistrut Limited United Kingdom United Poly Systems Holdings, Inc. Delaware United Poly Systems, LLC Missouri Vergo Coating BVBA Belgium Vergo Galva NV Belgium Vergokan International NV Belgium Vergokan NV Belgium Vergokan OOO Russia Vergokan SAS France Western Poly Pipe & Conduit, LLC Oregon 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a4q24exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-252563 and 333-212045 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 20, 2024, relating to the financial statements of Atkore Inc., and the effectiveness of Atkore Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 November 20, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a4q24exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William E. Waltz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atkore Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 20, 2024 s William E. Waltz William E. Waltz President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a4q24exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John M. Deitzer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Atkore Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 20, 2024 s John M. Deitzer John M. Deitzer Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a4q24exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, William E. Waltz, the Chief Executive Officer of Atkore Inc., certify that (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Atkore Inc. 
 
 Dated November 20, 2024 s William E. Waltz William E. Waltz President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a4q24exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John M. Deitzer, the Chief Financial Officer of Atkore Inc., certify that (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Atkore Inc. 
 
 Dated November 20, 2024 s John M. Deitzer John M. Deitzer Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 11
 atkoreclawbackpolicyupda.htm
 EX-97

atkoreclawbackpolicyupda 

Debevoise Comments 6/20/23 1008933074v3 Atkore International Group Inc. (the Company CLAWBACK POLICY Introduction The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company's pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws or material misconduct of covered executives (the Policy ). This Policy is designed, and will be interpreted and administered, to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder Rule 10D- 1 and Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the Listing Standards ). Administration This Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee or Audit Committee, or an ad hoc committee consisting of members of both such committees, in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee, Audit Committee, or such other committee, as applicable. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. Covered Executives This Policy applies to the Company's current and former executive officers, as determined on any relevant date of determination by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards, and such other senior executives who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board Covered Executives ). Recoupment; Accounting Restatement (i) In the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company's material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the Board shall require reasonably prompt reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement (or, if longer, including any 

1008933074v3 transition period under Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards), unless recoupment is impracticable within the meaning of Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. (ii) In the event that a Covered Executive engages in material misconduct (such as illegal acts, theft, fraud or other material, intentional misconduct) directed at the Company or in the course of executing the Covered Executive s position with the Company (but, for clarity, this clause (ii) would not apply to material misconduct unrelated to the Company), regardless of whether the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement by reason of such material misconduct, the Board may require reimbursement or forfeiture (on an after-tax basis) of any Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years prior to the discovery of such acts, with such amount not to exceed the lesser of (x) the amount that the Board determines (in its sole discretion) was received by the Covered Executive due to the Covered Executive s material misconduct and (y) the total amount of Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive during such three completed fiscal years. (iii) For purposes of this Policy: (A) The date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement is the earlier to occur of (x) the date the Board concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, or (y) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an accounting restatement, in each case regardless of if or when the restated financial statements are filed; and (B) Incentive Compensation is received in the Company s fiscal period during which the applicable financial reporting measure specified in the award for such Incentive Compensation is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. Incentive Compensation For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any variable compensation plan provided that, such compensation is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure. Examples of such Incentive Compensation shall be determined in a manner consistent with Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards and may include, but are not limited to: Annual bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. Stock options. Stock appreciation rights. Restricted stock. Restricted stock units. 

1008933074v3 Performance shares. Performance share units. Excluding normal awards not granted based on attainment of a financial reporting measure and the vesting of which is based merely on continued service. Financial reporting measures include but are not limited to: Company stock price. Total shareholder return TSR and other return-based measures. Revenues and other income-based measures. Net income and other profitability-based measures. EBITDA and other earnings-based measures. Working Capital Days Improvement and other liquidity-based measures. Excess Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery The amount to be recovered in the case of an accounting restatement will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over the Incentive Compensation that would have been received by the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined by the Board. The amount of excess Incentive Compensation shall be computed by the Board without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive in respect of such Incentive Compensation. With respect to Incentive Compensation based on stock price or TSR, if the Board cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information in the accounting restatement, then (i) the Board will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the financial reporting measure upon which the Incentive Compensation was received and (ii) the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to NYSE as required by Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. Method of Recoupment The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation: (a) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid; (b) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards; (c) offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

1008933074v3 (d) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and/or planned or future cash or equity awards; (e) forfeiting deferred compensation; and/or (f) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. No Indemnification The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation, including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by any Covered Executives to fund potential clawback obligations under this Policy. Interpretation The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Company's securities are listed. Effective Date This Policy was initially effective when adopted by the Board during the 2017 fiscal year of the Company, was updated by the Board in July 2020 and was further updated by the Board effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). This Policy as updated shall apply to Incentive Compensation that is received by Covered Executives on or after the Effective Date, even if such Incentive Compensation was approved, awarded or granted to Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date. Incentive Compensation received by Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date shall be subject to this Policy as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date. Amendment; Termination The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company's securities are listed. The Board may not terminate this Policy except as permitted by Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards, or any successor law. Impracticability Once the Board has determined to recover excess Incentive Compensation, the Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Board in accordance with the procedural and disclosure requirements of Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. 

1008933074v3 Successors This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. Exhibit Filing Requirement A copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto shall be posted on the Company s website and filed an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 atkr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 atkr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 atkr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 atkr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 atkr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

