<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241203_10-K_edgar_data_1959994_0001493152-24-048520.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20068200</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>338228</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9962536</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4414968</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2341141</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2613838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-048520.hdr.sgml : 20241203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241203172115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-048520
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001959994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41986
		FILM NUMBER:		241523766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126-142 COWCUMBLA STREET
		CITY:			COOTAMUNDRA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			2590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		02 6942 4347

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126-142 COWCUMBLA STREET
		CITY:			COOTAMUNDRA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			2590

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-048520.txt : 20241203

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, Cootamundra 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of December 3, 2024, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares of the registrant held by non-affiliates was 
based on the closing sales price of the ordinary shares on November 29, 2024 of 0.9530. 

As
of December 3, 2024, there were ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding, and 0
preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Australian
Oilseeds Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company is filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended June 30, 2024 along with restatements to the Company s financial statements filed on the Form F-4 (the Form
F-4 ), to restate its consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
contained in the Form F-4, and to replace the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm prepared by BF Borgers CPA PC BF
Borgers included in the Form 4 with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm from BDO Audit Pty Ltd. Brisbane,
Australia BDO included in this Form 10-K. The amendments to years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are being filed as a result
of the order on May 3, 2024, suspending BF Borgers from appearing and practicing as an accountant before the SEC and to correct errors
in the Form 4 with BDO engaged to replace BF Borgers as its independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Company determined that the 2023 and 2022 audits performed by BF Borgers should not be relied upon, and the Company engaged BDO to reaudit
the 2023 and 2022 financial statements. In the course of the 2023 and 2022 reaudits, procedures were applied that led the Company to
believe sufficient audit procedures were not performed by BF Borgers when auditing the 2023 and 2022 financial statements. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The
registrant intends to file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2024. Portions of such proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, 
 us, our, Australian Oilseeds and the Company refer Australian Oilseeds Holdings
Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, and its consolidated subsidiaries following the effective time of the business combination between
EDOC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company EDOC ), Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, American
Physicians LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in the capacity as the representative, from and after the closing date for the
shareholders of EDOC and the Company , and the sellers of the Company (the Business Combination pursuant the Business
Combination Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022 (as amended on March 31, 2023 and December 7, 2023) (the Business Combination
Agreement that closed on March 21, 2024. 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 39 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 39 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 41 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 52 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 52 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 52 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 54 

Signatures 
 
 55 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements that we make from time to time, including statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements
other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, depends, estimate, expects, intend, 
 may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 should, will, would or the negative of those terms or other similar expressions, although not
all forward-looking statements contain those words. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, strategy, short- and long-term
business operations and objectives, and financial needs. 

Our
operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could
materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. We have based
these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may
affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives,
and financial needs. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, without limitation, statements reflecting
management s expectations for future financial performance and operating expenditures (including our ability to continue as a going
concern, to raise additional capital and to succeed in our future operations), expected growth, profitability and business outlook, and
operating expenses. 

2 

Forward-looking
statements are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by such statements.
These factors include, among other things, the unknown risks and uncertainties that we believe could cause actual results to differ from
these forward looking statements as set forth under the heading, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks and uncertainties
that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties relating to: 

our
 projected financial position and estimated cash burn rate; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenues and capital requirements; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

our
 ability to raise substantial additional capital in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms to fund our operations and our business
 plan; 

our
 ability to reverse the recent decline in our revenue and resume growing our revenue; 

our
 ability to compete in the global oilseeds industry; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our current products and services; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights and the potential for us to incur substantial costs from lawsuits to enforce
 or protect our intellectual property rights; 

the
 possibility that a third party may claim we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights
 and that we may incur substantial costs and be required to devote substantial time defending against these claims; 

our
 reliance on third-party suppliers and manufacturers; 

the
 success of competing products or services that are or become available; 

our
 ability to expand our organization to accommodate potential growth and our ability to retain and attract key personnel; and 

the
 potential for us to incur substantial costs resulting from lawsuits against us and the potential for these lawsuits to cause us to
 limit our commercialization of our products and services. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk
Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is
not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements
we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events
and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, except as required by law, neither
we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual
results or to changes in our expectations. 

3 

This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions
and on information currently available to us. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements including
those described in the Risk Factors section beginning on page 24 and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our
future prospects or cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional
discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk
Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC before making an investment decision regarding our ordinary shares. 

We
 are significantly dependent on the revenues from the sale of our products and, therefore,
 our results of operations could be negatively impacted if we are unable to sell a sufficient
 number of products at satisfactory margins. 

We
 lack product and business diversification. Accordingly, our future revenues and earnings
 are more susceptible to fluctuations than a more diversified company. 

We
 are dependent on contracts with local and regional farmers for oilseeds and loss of these
 contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and revenues. 

The
 Company faces risks related to global, federal, state, and local regulation affecting its
 operations, including changes to and the imposition of new practices and regulations on trade
 restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, traceability, environmental
 laws and other matters, which could materially and adversely affect its business, results
 of operations and financial condition. 

Our
 operations are inherently subject to changing conditions that can affect our profitability,
 such as a decrease in sales of our products and unfavorable weather and environmental conditions. 

Disruptions
 in water and power supply may adversely affect our and our suppliers operations. 

Our
 operating results may fluctuate, and our operating results could be adversely affected by
 several factors such as a decrease of product sales, price changes in response to competitive
 factors and increases in oil seed costs. 

Our
 revenue may not achieve budget in FY 2025 while we expend capital to expand our Cootamundra facility
 and construct our new Queensland facility. 

If
 we fail to effectively promote our brand, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
 may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and if we are
 unable to retain or hire qualified personnel in the future, our ability to improve our products
 and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected. 

The
 retail price of our products may be subject to control by government authorities which may
 cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse
 publicity associated with our products, raw materials or top suppliers and customers, could
 harm our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

We
 may not be able to develop new products and as a result, our business and financial condition
 could be adversely affected. 

Our
 business operations and international expansion may be subject to geopolitical risks including
 with respect to our supply chain and inflation. 

Our
 management has limited experience in operating a public company. 

Our
 business model is capital-intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on
 attractive terms, if at all, which could be dilutive to shareholders. If we cannot raise
 additional capital when needed, our operations and prospects could be materially and adversely
 affected. 

Our
 principal shareholders will continue to have considerable influence over the election of
 our board of directors and approval of any significant corporate actions, including any sale
 of the Company. 

Future
 sales of substantial amounts of our Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable
 or exercisable for Ordinary Shares, either by us or by our existing shareholders, or the
 possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Ordinary
 Shares. 

Our
 business may be significantly impacted by a change in general economic, political, and market
 conditions, including any resulting effect on consumer or business spending. 

We
 operate in competitive markets, and we must continue to compete effectively. 

We
 have a history of net losses, we may increase expenses in the future, and we may not be able
 to achieve or maintain profitability. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

The
Company is a Cayman Islands exempted company that, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries, is focused on the manufacture and
sale of chemical free, non-GMO, sustainable edible oils and products derived from oilseeds. The Company believes that transitioning from
a fossil fuel economy to a renewable and chemical free economy is the solution to many health problems the world is facing presently.
To that end, the Company is committed to working with suppliers and customers to eliminate chemicals from the edible oil production and
manufacturing systems to supply quality products such as non-GMO oilseeds and organic and non-organic food-grade oils to customers globally.
Over the past 20 years, Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company AOI has grown to
be the largest cold pressing oil plant in Australia, pressing strictly GMO free conventional and organic oilseeds. 

Grower
Supply Contracts and Farming Methods 

To
source the agricultural products for its business, the Company has a grower-supply contract base for oilseeds made up of local and regional
farmers and shareholders in New South Wales committed to sustainable, renewable and organic farming. The Company s farmers employ
regenerative farming practices such as conservative tillage and minimal use of chemicals and fertilizer to grow produce with no residue
and increase carbon sequestration, thereby pulling more carbon from the atmosphere and sequestering higher carbon amounts in the soil. 

5 

These
grower-supply contracts (known universally as contract farming) provide for oilseeds on a fixed-acre or hectare-contract basis as well
as standard tonnage contracts for oil seeds. Contract farming is an agreement between farmers and processing firms for the production
and supply of agricultural products under forward agreements, frequently at predetermined prices. The basis of such production arrangements
is a commitment on the part of the farmer to provide a specific commodity in quantities and at quality standards determined by the purchaser
and a commitment on the part of the purchaser to support the farmer s production and to purchase the commodity at harvest. 

After
the Company determines with whom to contract for its oilseeds, the Company and the counterparty agree upon one or more contracts. The
contracts contain information about the plot of land (referred to as the block on which the product is grown. For each
growing period, the grower-supply contract associates a harvest with a block. The harvest identifies the product and growing period.
Because a contract can span several growing periods, a block might have several harvests associated with it. The Company contracts to
purchase all of the output from a particular block. Typically, the contract manager manages the harvests at the block level because most
harvests for a block have similar characteristics, such as price. A grower-supply contract is a contract associated with a block and
harvest. 

In
addition to the Company s grower-supply contracts with local and regional farmers and shareholders in New South Wales, Energreen
Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. provides supply-chain support for raw materials to the Company as an additional source of oilseeds supply.
In addition, the Company has an exclusive supply agreement for canola seed with Good Earth Growers, as a strategy partner who has committed
to reduce chemical residual in farming operation. Good Earth Growers was the first grain producer in Australia to be certified Chemical
Free Farmers. 1 

The
Company s is committed to working only with farmers and growers who are committed to sustainable, renewable and organic farming
methods, which stand in contrast to the manner that the majority of our food supply is grown, which traditional agriculture systems,
we believe, are degenerative, damaging the planet s ecosystem at an alarming rate through loss of topsoil, loss of biodiversity,
desertification, habitat destruction, and air and water pollution; thus, degenerative agriculture is also a large contributor to climate
change. 2 The Company believes that farming must be performed in a more nature-friendly, biodiversity-supporting manner. 

The
non-GMO chemical free oilseeds are then cold pressed, filtered and bottled by the Company into organic and non-organic food-grade oils,
vegetable protein meals and supplements in stock feed rations. Cold pressing involves pressing and grinding the oilseeds without the
use of chemicals and solvents at temperatures below 50 degrees Celsius, which results in oil and meals that retain nutritional values,
antioxidants and healthy omega fatty acids. 3 The Company works with various marketers and distributors to sell its products
in the Australian retail and selected export markets. The Company does business in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and the United States
through the trademark Good Earth Oils. Moreover, the Company s business strategy is aligned with the United Nations UN Sustainable Development Goals SDGs ), tracking, and improving on metrics within target UN SDGs, as seen
in the following diagram: 

1
 Good Earth Growers | Australia s first Chemical Free Farmers Grain Producers. 

 2
 See Frontiers | Agriculture s Contribution to Climate Change and Role in Mitigation Is Distinct From Predominantly Fossil
CO2-Emitting Sectors (frontiersin.org). 

 3
 See Introduction to cold pressed oils: Green technology, bioactive compounds, functionality, and applications (January 2020)
by Mohamed Fawzy Ramadan Hassnien. 

6 

The
Company s Business Model in alignment to UN s Sustainable Development Goals 

The
Company believes that to make a true impact, they must materially advance progress towards meaningful environmental, social, and governance
goals, and even further advance the fulfillment of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 4 giving due consideration to the potential impact
pathways for a given investment. The UN SDGs can only be realized with strong global partnerships and cooperation, which underpin the
vision of the Company s subsidiaries since its inception. The SDGs identified by the United Nations provide a common pathway for
a better and more sustainable future. 

The
Company believes that the SDGs in business is good business as they work in the spirit of partnership and pragmatism to make proper choices
now to improve life, in a sustainable way, for future generations by providing clear guidelines and targets for all countries to adopt
in accordance with their own priorities and the environmental challenges of the world at large. 5 

The
Business Opportunity 

Health
Benefits. Oilseeds are rich in various phytochemicals such as phenolic compounds, flavonoids, tocopherols, tocotrienols, polyphenols,
vitamins, minerals, protein, and fiber and are used in healthy vegetable oils, livestock feeds, medicines, biofuels, and other oleochemical
industrial purposes. Oilseeds are also a rich source of oil and fatty acids and are cholesterol free, all of which are often employed
in the extraction of oil. 

4
 See https://sdgs.un.org/goals 

 5
 How 17 Companies Are Tackling Sustainable Development Goals (and Your Company Can, Too) SDGfunders. 

7 

Vegetable
oil is an invaluable product used throughout the world. Cottonseed oil is cooking oil made from the seeds of Gossypium hirsutum and gossypium
herbarium cultivated for cotton plants, especially cotton fibre and animal feed, and like other oilseeds, such as sunflower seeds, cotton
seeds have an oily core surrounded by a hard outer shell. Oil is removed from the grain during processing. Oil is also extracted from
soybeans to use as a vegetable oil, which is the second most consumed oil. Soybean is used for extracting oil and for consumption as a
seed legume in human diet. Soybean meal is an important component of formulated poultry and fish meals. Soybean protein is referred to
as a complete protein due to its amino acid content. Soybean protein is well-known for its nutritional significance in
the treatment of heart disease and diabetes. 6 

Oilseed
composition has been studied extensively, but recently has been thoroughly investigated, especially focusing on the phytochemicals representing
the minor components; this interest is connected with the activity of such compounds against cardiovascular diseases, lipid oxidation,
protein cross-linking and DNA mutations and homeostasis function, which prevent the attack of biomolecules by free radicals. 7 

From
phytosterols to polyphenols, fat to polyphenols, many of the characteristic components of oilseeds are known to have positive effects
on health, capacity and well-being, and can be used to design functional foods. Vegetables, fruits and nuts, all rich in phenols, flavonoids,
isoflavonoids, phytosterols and phytic acid essential bioactive compounds, provide considerable health benefits 8 
such as alleviating major diseases and health conditions representing the highest causes of death worldwide, including cardiovascular
disease, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and aging. We believe that these ameliorative characteristics will continue to
drive the demand for the Company s products. 

Global
Market Demand. The global oilseeds market in 2022 is estimated at 264.87 billion worldwide and is expected to grow to 340.44 billion
by 2026 at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 5.7 , is projected to be worth 385.45 billion by 2030 9 
and projected to be worth 385.45 billion by 2030. The growing usage of oilseeds in animal feed, as well as the need for healthy and
organic oilseed-processed goods, public-private collaborations in varietal development, and molecular breeding in oilseeds, are expected
to propel the growth of the oilseed market. 

6
 See Oilseed Market Size, Growth, Trends, Growth, Report 2022-2030 (precedenceresearch.com) 

 7
 See Oilseeds as Functional Foods: Content and Composition of Many Phytochemicals and Therapeutic Alternatives | IntechOpen 

 8
 See Id. 

 9
 See Oilseeds Global Market Report 2022 by The Business Research Company. 

8 

The
Company believes that Australian-derived non-GMO oils are in high demand in Europe and other countries, in contrast to Canadian canola
oil which is mostly genetically modified in order to be tolerant to herbicides. 10 We believe that the global demand for
healthier, natural and chemical-free food products opens avenues for domestic and international economic activity and the Company is
an example of this trend. The Company intends to address this increased global demand for sustainable premium cold-pressed and non-GMO
products by expanding its existing cold-pressing capacity from 40,000 metric tons to 80,000 metric tons per annum. The Company is also
looking to establish a multi-seed crushing plant at Emerald, Queensland with a projected cold-pressing capacity of 80,000 metric tons
per annum by the end of 2023 to market itself as the largest cold-pressed player in the APAC region. According to a 2024 study, Soybean
Oil Market Report 2024: Forecast by Consuming Countries, Producing Countries, Importing Countries, Exporting Countries to 2032, 
the market is accelerating, as the production of soybean oil has increased because of its demand by the population due to its nutritional
value. 11 

Sunflower
Oil 

Sunflower
seeds are used for the purpose of producing sunflower oil. Sunflower oil is extensively used as frying oil in food and as a lubricant
in cosmetic applications. It contains linoleic acid, a polyunsaturated fat and oleic acid, a monounsaturated fat. It also consists of
large amounts of Vitamin E. Unrefined sunflower oil is used as a salad dressing in Eastern European cuisines, as it contains omega-6
fatty acids and is very nutritious. Sunflower butter contains sunflower oil as well. When sunflower oil is extracted, the crushed seeds
are left behind, which are high in protein and dietary fiber and can be utilized as animal feed, fertilizer, or fuel. PEG-10 sunflower
glycerides are the polyethylene glycol derivatives of mono- and diglycerides generated from sunflower seed oil with an average of 10
moles of ethylene oxide and are a pale-yellow liquid with a slightly fatty odor. 

Sunflower
glycerides PEG-10 is widely utilized in cosmetic compositions. When mixed with diesel in the tank, sunflower oil can be utilized to
run diesel engines. In frigid temperatures, viscosity is enhanced due to the high quantities of unsaturated fats. Because it is a rich
source of oil, ash calcium, carbohydrate and protein, the sunflower segment in this market is expected to grow at the quickest rate.
Sunflower seeds are widely employed in the feed business as sunflower meal, which is increasingly being used as an alternative for soybean
meal due to price considerations. 

Rapeseed
Oil 

Canola,
or rapeseed oil, is produced by Rapeseed, which is also known as rape or colza, which is a mustard plant cultivated for its seeds. Canola
oil is multifarious in nature, as it is used for cooking, as a soap and margarine ingredient, and as a lamp fuel (colza oil). Jet engines
use the liquefied form of oil to lubricate and can also be converted to biodiesel. 

Fodder
is produced, as a result of the seeds which are left over after oil extraction. The plant can be used as a green manure and cover crops.
After soybean and palm oil, rapeseed was the world s third-largest source of vegetable oil in 2000. After soybean, it is the world s
second-largest source of protein meal. Rapeseed meal is produced as a by-product of the oil extraction process. A high-protein animal
feed is produced as a by-product, which is competitive with soybean. The feed is mostly used for cattle, although it is also used for
pigs and fowl. Natural rapeseed oil, on the other hand, includes 50 erucic acid and large quantities of glucosinolates, lowering the
nutritional value of rapeseed press cakes for animal feed. 

A
study by Precedence Research in 2024 concluded that oilseeds used as a vegetable oil are not only high in protein, but also high in concentrated
energy. The expanding demand for vegetable oils in an ever-increasing number of homes is driving demand for oilseeds. Furthermore, the
growing need for biofuels in both developing and developed countries is propelling the oilseeds market forward. To meet the increasing
demand for oil around the world, farmers are increasingly turning to oilseeds to boost productivity. 

10
 See The GMO High-Risk List: Canola - The Non-GMO Project (nongmoproject.org) 

 11
 Soybean Oil Market Report 2024: Forecast by Consuming (globenewswire.com) 

9 

In
the commercial sector, oilseeds are high in demand because of its various applications such as oilseeds like sunflower as a type of moisturizer
in cosmetic products. Oilseeds are India s second-largest agricultural export after food grains. According to Precedence Research,
as people increasingly prioritize their health, they are choosing vegetable oil over animal fat. Linseed Oil, in addition to different
vegetable oils, is extensively used for manufacturing paints, varnishes, and lubricants. Oil-cake is used to feed cows and also as
a fertilizer for vegetation which includes cotton, tobacco, tea, and sugarcane. Oilseeds are also extensively utilized in the automobile
sector as a source of fuel. For example, sunflower oil is used in diesel engines to run it when mixed with diesel in the tank. In the
automobile paint industry, castor seed oil has been evaluated as a plasticizer and film forming. The seed meal had a low moisture content,
making it ideal for glossy auto paint. 

Industry
Overview 

According
to the 2024 study by Precedence Research, the global oilseed market size was valued at USD 249.05 billion in 2023, and it is projected
to be worth around USD 373.32 billion by 2033 making a CAGR of 4.13 during the forecast period 2024 to 2033. 12 

Oilseeds
are grown primarily for obtaining oil. The major sources of edible oils are copra, cottonseed, palm kernel, peanut, rapeseed, soybean
and sunflower seed. Oil is extracted either by mechanical extraction processes in oil mills or by chemical extraction using solvents.
For example, the oil content in seeds ranges from 20 for soybean and 40 for sunflowers and rapeseed. After the extraction process,
the crushed seeds are further processed into animal feeds. 

12
 Oilseed Market Size, Growth, Trends, Growth, Report 2024-2033 (precedenceresearch.com) 

10 

The
soybeans segment contributed more than 59.14 of revenue share in 2023 globally in terms of volume. The market is expected to grow significantly
due to an increase in the consumption of soybeans which are used in the production of edible oils, fatty acids, soaps, biodiesels, and
animal feed; increases in the production of soybeans in Brazil, Argentina, and other countries; a surge in the global population which
has led to increases in demand for edible oils for preparing food products; and supportive government policies to increase agricultural
production of oil fuel and advancements in seed technologies and biotech traits, such as herbicide and insecticide resistance. The outbreak
of COVID-19 has also positively impacted the overall growth of the oilseeds market as more people consume and produce meals at home relying
on edible oils to cook healthier food. 13 

According
to the 2024 study by Precedence Research, the Asia Pacific oilseed market size, which includes Australian, was valued at USD 87.46 billion
in 2023 and is expected to hit around USD 140.38 billion by 2033, growing at a CAGR of 37.7 from 2024 to 2033. Asia-Pacific leads the
oilseed market with a large market share of 35.12 in 2023 due to the growing food processing industry and increasing soybean production.
The oilseeds market is segmented by oilseed type, product, breeding type, biotech trait and region. Based on oilseed type, the market
is categorized into copra, cottonseed, palm kernel, peanut, rapeseed, soybean and sunflower seed. By product, it is bifurcated into animal
feed and edible oil. Depending on breeding type, the market is segregated into genetically modified and conventional. On the basis of
biotech trait, the market is bifurcated into herbicide tolerant, insecticide resistant and other stacked traits. Region wise, the market
is analyzed across North America (the U.S., Canada, and Mexico), Europe (Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, France, Italy, the UK, Russia,
Ukraine and the rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (China, India, Japan, Indonesia, South Korea and the rest of Asia-Pacific), and LAMEA (Brazil,
Argentina, Paraguay, South Africa and the rest of LAMEA). 

The
Non-GMO Market Size and Opportunity 

Non-genetically
modified organisms (non-GMO) food is prepared without ingredients derived from genetically engineered organisms. The rising awareness
amongst customers regarding the health benefits of non-GMO food consumption is anticipated to drive market growth. Moreover, environmentally-conscious
consumers are willing to pay a much higher price for sustainable products such as non-GMO and locally-produced foods since ethical considerations
are becoming important in their decision-making process. Several organizations are encouraging farmers to grow non-GMO food, which is
also likely to support market growth in the forthcoming years. 

The
global non-GMO food market size was USD 740.65 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow from USD 895.36 billion in 2024 to USD 2,003.68
billion by 2032, growing at a CAGR of 11.94 during the 2024-2032 period according to a study released August 14, 2024, by Fortune Business
Insights. 14 North America dominated the non-GMO food market with a market share of 40.61 in 2023. 

13
 See https://theconversation.com/covid-19-reshaped-the-way-we-buy-prepare-and-consume-food-193069 

 14
 Non-GMO Food Market Size, Trends Growth | Forecast [2032] (fortunebusinessinsights.com) 

11 

Asia
Pacific is an emerging region in the market, and it is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the forecast period. While there is a
major interest in the product among the higher-income, better-educated population in Korea, Japan, and Australia, consumers in China
and India drive demand expansion within the region according to the study by Fortune Business Insights. 15 

The
Company s Products and Strategy 

The
Company produces organic food-grade oils and vegetable protein meals by means of cold pressing extraction from chemical and GMO-free
oilseeds. The Company s vegetable oils include unrefined canola oil, premium canola oil, extra filtered canola oil, RBD canola
oil, safflower oil, sunflower oil, RBD sunflower oil, soyabean oil, linseed oil, extra virgin olive oil. The Company s protein
meals include organic and non-organic cold pressed canola, sunflower, safflower, soybean and linseed meals. Protein meals are the
co-product of cold pressing extraction and are predominately used as a supplement in stockfeed rations. The meals are also used in rations
for protein, amino acids, fiber and fat depending on dietary requirements. 

Premium
products include: 

Cold
 pressed Canola oil 

Cold
 Pressed Soya bean oil 

Sunflower
 Oil 

Cold
 Pressed Canola Meal 

Plant
 Based Proteins 

Sunflower
 Meal 

We
sell cold pressed vegetable oils and vegetable protein meals extracted from oil seeds. For fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we derived approximately
85 and 89 , respectively, of our total revenue from the sale of cold pressed vegetable oils with the balance from the sale of vegetable
protein meals extracted from oil seeds. The Company processes and sells high quality protein meal for the agricultural market (including
the feedstock industry) and is leveraging this by-product to expand into the plant-based meats and proteins markets. Presently, the Cootamundra
facility is capable of crushing canola, safflower and sunflower seeds with a current processing capacity of more than 33,000 metric tons
per annum. Edible oils and protein meal serve as the largest outlet for oilseed derivative products. The food industry demands healthy
oils for cooking and dining. A key example being Canola Oilseed in which Australia produces over 15-20 of the global Canola
seed trade. Australian oilseed production, due to relative proximity and high-quality output, are well-placed to supply the rapidly expanding
consumer export markets of the Asia-Pacific as well as satisfy increased domestic demands. 

The
Company enters into standard sales contracts with customers for the purchase of these products, which detail the duration and amount
of the product to be delivered during the course of the contract, compliance with applicable government regulations and tax payment obligations. 

The
Company intends to address the increased global demand for sustainable premium cold-pressed and non-GMO products by expanding its existing
cold-pressing capacity from 33,000 metric tons to 65,0000 metric tons initially per annum through its new multi-seed crushing plant at
Emerald, Queensland with a projected cold-pressing capacity of 80,000 metric tons per annum allowing the Company to market itself as
the largest cold-pressed player in the APAC region. 

15
 Id. 

12 

The
Company s Manufacturing Process 

The
Company s cold pressing oil plant is currently the largest in Australia and has seed processing capacity of up to 40,000 metric
tons per annum. Cold pressing refers to oils obtained through pressing and grinding oilseeds without the use of chemicals
or solvents at temperatures that do not exceed 122 F (50 C) and produces high energy canola meal used in stock feed by most species
of animals worldwide. As a result of cold pressing, oil and meal retain most of their nutritional values, antioxidants and healthy omega
fatty acids (including omega 3 and omega 6) and, including Polyunsaturated fatty acids (linoleic acid) that lower serum cholesterol and
..contain zinc and vitamins like vitamin A, C, E, D lecithin, potassium, bioflavonoids and phenols, which help in lowering cholesterol
levels in the blood, protecting the liver from oxidative damage, and suppressing oxidative stress. 16 Moreover, cold pressing
methods is safer as they avoid the use of Solvents like hexane and petroleum ether that can have deleterious effects on the human body
if the solvent plus oil mixture is not properly processed. Hexane can cause depression of the central nervous system and dermatitis.
Cold-pressed oils do not utilize such harmful chemicals for production. 17 

Depiction
of the Oilseed Extraction Process via Cold Pressing 

Research
and Development 

Australian
Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company (the AOI was established in 1991 by community-based growers,
leaders and investors and commissioned its first oilseed processing plant in 1992, crushing more than 2,000 metric tons. Continuous research
and development of methodology has resulted in seed processing capacity of more than 35,000 metric tons per annum presently notwithstanding
using cold pressing methods that produce guaranteed non-GMO products. AOI continually engages in research and development on the improvement
of cold pressed oil extraction from safflower, sunflower and other oilseeds, plant-based meats and the usage of canola as an ingredient.
Additionally, AOI had the first oil processing plant in Australia to partially adopt renewable solar energy along with electricity to
run the plant concurrently. The plant currently abates 42.2 metric tons of CO2 (per month) with 568-kilowatt peak solar power. The Company
is aiming to become carbon neutral plant furthering its UN SDG goals. 

16
 See Cold-pressed oils VS Hot-pressed oils: Which one is better for your health?
 | TheHealthSite.com 

 17
 Cold Pressed Oils health benefits (yashkri.com) 

13 

Actual
Photo of the Company s Cootamundra, Australia Facility Including its Solar Panels 

Sales
and Marketing and Customer Contracts 

During
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company s sales revenue increased by AUD 4.79 million or 16 to AUD 33.73 million for the twelve-month
period ended on June 30, 2024, compared to AUD 29.05 million for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable
market conditions resulting from an increase in the demand for cold pressed canola oil. 

A
substantial portion of the Company s products are sold to its top five customers. In the year ended June 30, 2024, 64.8 of total
sales by the Company were to its top five customers. The Company s top three customers accounted for 49.4 of total sales for the year end
June 30, 2024. The Company s top five customers (and top three) as of yearend June 30, 2024, along with the total sales from each
customer, are summarized in the following table: 

Customer 
 
 Total
 Sales 
 As
 of 30 June 2024 
 AUD 

Outstanding
 Balance as of 
 30
 June 2024 
 AUD 

Daabon
 Organic Australia Pty Ltd. 

6,026,698 

1,703,927 

Costco
 Wholesale Australia 

5,857,260 

1,229,271 

Energreen
 Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. 

4,838,204 

- 

Hygain
 NSW (Proprietary) Ltd. 

3,306,466 

250,845 

100 Bottling
 Company Pty Ltd. 

1,911,641 

- 

If
the sales performance of any of the Company s key customers declines or if they terminate their cooperation with us or start to cooperate
with any of the Company s competitors, or if there is any modification as to the sales and purchase terms entered with any of our
key customers, our business, financial condition and revenue would be seriously impacted. 

The
Company markets its products to wholesale distributors, such as Costco in Australia and New Zealand, which Costco Australian supply contract
has been extended to January 2025, and also directly to customers. The Company s marketing reflects its pride
in using clean, renewable energy through cold-pressing techniques resulting in no chemicals or preservatives in its products. 

The
Company s subsidiary, Good Earth Oils, has a supply agreement with Costco Australia for 165,000 drums of Good Earth Cold Pressed
Canola Oil through June 2023, which supply agreement was renewed to February 2024 and again through mid-December 2024. The current contract
with Costco is for a commitment of 79,200 drums of 20-litre Good Earth Oils Cold Pressed Canola and Vegetable oils representing sales
of approximately AUD 3.2 million of sales through mid-December 2024. The Company will renegotiate the renewal of the contract with Costco
in November 2024, which has not yet commenced, given the current strong demand for Good Earth Oils products in Costco stores. 

14 

In
addition, the Company s subsidiary, Good Earth Oils, has a supply agreement with Woolworth Grocery, currently Australia s
largest supermarket chain for sales of (i) 4-litre tins of Good Earth Extra Virgin Olive from January 2024 to January 2025, annual sales
projected as AUD 3.9 million; and (ii) 2-litre tins of Good Earth Extra Virgin Olive and 5-litre tins of Good Earth Extra Virgin Olive
under a contract from September 2024 to September 2025, with annual sales projected at AUD 3.5 million. The Company is currently working
with Woolworth Grocery on the next major review with the proposal to increase its supply and range of oils under its expected
future contracts. Woolworth Grocery is anticipated to commit to a contract for 750mL Good Earth Oil Extra Virgin Vegetable Oil in its
March 2025 planogram i.e., a schematic drawing that shows a grocery store s shelves and products. 

Recently,
the Company s subsidiary, Good Earth Oils, entered into a supply agreement with Coles Supermarket, with approximately 850 stores
in Australia, to provided 4-litre tins of Good Earth Oils Extra Virgin Canola Oil commencing in October 2024 to October 2025, with annual
sales projected at AUD 1.2 million. 

Good
Earth Cold Pressed Canola Oil is packed with Omega-3 and Omega-6 and its ratio provides ideal nutrition. Good Earth Cold Pressed Canola
Oil meets very specific quality standards. For example, Good Earth Oils methods of oil extraction involve only cold pressing, 
which refers to oils obtained through pressing and grinding of the oilseeds. Good Earth Oils does not use chemicals, preservatives or
solvents at temperatures that exceed 50oC, which means that its oils are also not altered by temperature. Accordingly, Good Earth Oils 
products retain an earthy taste and contain more of the natural antioxidants, vitamins and anti-inflammatory properties. 

In
comparison, lower-cost conventional oils sold in supermarkets are heavily processed and extracted with hexane, which contaminates the
cooking oil. Further, high heat is used during processing, which turns polyunsaturated fats rancid or converts into dangerous trans fats.
Conventional cooking oils are produced using many toxic chemicals such as petroleum solvents and strong acids. Further, they go through
a refining process that uses high heat up to 200oC, which removes the natural aroma of the oil. Carcinogenic Glycidyl Esters and 3-MCPDs
are formed as a result of exposure to high temperatures. 

The
Company s subsidiary, Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty. Ltd. supplies all of Good Earth Oils branded edible oils. In addition,
Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty. Ltd. enters into three-months rolling contracts for the sales of its bulk oils to its main customers, such
as 100 Bottling Company Pty. Ltd., an Australian food, beverage and packaging business and leading supplier of package edible oils,
and Riverina Oils Bio Energy Pty Ltd. a premier supplier of animal feed, grains and protein meals to domestic and export
markets who can distribute the products as private label in major supermarket chain. Daabon Organic Australia Pty Ltd and Costco
Wholesale Australia, represent two of the Company s top five customers in terms of sales for fiscal year end June 30, 2024,
with sales totaled AUD 6,026,698 and AUD 5,857,260, respectively. 

The
Company believes it will be able to gain market acceptance in light of cold pressed vegetable oils free of GMOs and particularly that
it will be a strong alternative choice to meet the growing international demand from countries such as the United States, Japan, Europe
and other regions for non-GMO and chemical free food graded oil and protein materials, especially as world oilseed consumption is increasing.
Rising incomes continue to lift Chinese demand for meat, and subsequently for high-protein animal feed such as soybean meal. In the short
term, more Chinese soybean consumption is expected to be sourced from domestic stocks. However, with continued growth in consumption,
demand for imports is expected to increase though there is no certainty of this result. 

The
Company s operations are reliant upon stable supply of electricity and access to transportation routes in order to optimally run
our oilseed grinding and extraction operations and/or deliver our products to customers. Our suppliers farming operations are
also reliant on access to water for the cultivation of oilseeds, which we then use to produce our products. Should we not have access
to reliable electricity supply, or should our suppliers have limited access to water or experience infrastructure challenges, this could
have a material adverse effect on our access to oil seeds and therefore our business, operating results, cash flows, financial condition
and future growth. 

15 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company does not currently hold any patents. 

The
Company owns the following registered trademarks: Cootamundra Gold, Perfect Balance, and Good Earth Oils. In addition, the Company owns
the domains www.australianoilseeds.au and www.oilseeds.com.au . 

Competition 

The
Company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates based principally on price, foreign exchange rates, quality,
global supply, and alternative products, some of which are made from different raw materials than those utilized by the Company. Given
the commodity-based nature of its businesses, the Company, on an ongoing basis, focuses on managing unit costs and improving efficiency
through technological improvements, productivity enhancements, and regular evaluation of the Company s asset portfolio. The Company s
business is a vertically integrated business that provides ingredients and food products for food-grade consumption in a highly competitive
environment with a variety of companies offering the same products and services. The industry includes ingredient suppliers, contract
manufacturers, global fast moving consumer goods companies, and private label brands, as well as smaller companies that specialize in
specific niche markets. 

The
Company focuses on staying ahead of the curve in terms of innovation and production solutions, focusing on consumer needs, expanding
into new markets, building strategic partnerships, and building a strong distribution network. The Company will need to extend extra
efforts to create awareness in the market through promotional activities to achieve market acceptance for its high-quality non-GMO food-grade
oils and protein meals. 

Employees 

The
Company has 21 full-time employees and 7 full-time equivalent contractors working at the factory and 8 full-time equivalent contractors
working for the management team. The Company believes its relationship with its employees and contractors is cooperative and its employees
and contractors share the same goals as management to industrialize oilseeds, making the products available worldwide. 

As
The Company expands, it believes it will be able to source personnel that can contribute to the technical, marketing and business development
aspects of the company. 

Facilities
and Expansion 

The
Company leases a 6.02-hectare property in Cootamundra, Australia, where the oilseed processing plant and ancillary buildings accommodating
the equipment, and facilities are located. The Company obtained an AUD 14 million
bank facility to fund the expansion of the Cootamundra facility. The Company has deployed the AUD 14 million bank facility as follows:
(i) AUD 4 million was allocated for equipment finance, (ii) AUD 8 million for construction costs to expand the facility, and (iii) AUD 2
million for business growth and working capital related to the crushing plant s expansion. 

The
Company has expanded its existing oil processing plant and is building a multi-oilseed crushing plant near Emerald in the Central Queensland
region that is expected to deliver a crucial expansion of the Company s operational footprint. This facility will produce edible
oil feedstocks to meet the growing Asia-Pacific market, and bio-diesel feedstock to fuel the renewable energy revolution, to eventually
reach a total oilseed crushing capacity of 200 tons per day along with capabilities to bleach and deodorize the oilseeds at a capacity
of 50 tons per day. 

The
construction of the new crushing and production plant in Queensland is projected to cost AUD 25 million. In connection with the funding
of the new Queensland plant, the Company has received government support through an Industrial Partnership Program through CQ Oilseeds
Pty Ltd. and its parent entity, Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd., in the amount of AUD 5 million of incentives plus a grant of
tax incentives. The balance of the capital stack to fund the plant includes AUD 3 million of funding generated from operating cashflow,
AUD 6 million to AUD 10 million in a bank funding facility for construction and equipment financing, and AUD 8 million to AUD 11 million
of equity funding to complete the new plant within 15 months. If the Company does not raise all or any of the AUD 8 million to AUD 11
million of equity funding, the Company intends to fund the shortfall from the Company s operating cashflow, which would reduce
its results of operation. Upon completion of construction of the new facility, Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. will transfer CQ
Oilseeds Pty Ltd. and its assets, including the new facility to the Company via a transfer agreement. 

16 

Central
Queensland is strategically placed to grow and develop a domestic oilseed processing sector in addition to a range of value-added industries.
The Company seeks to support the growth of its oilseed agricultural products through the development of its domestic capabilities to
deliver an internationally capable export industry and unlock Central Queensland s bio futures sector through the success of this
project. This will be achieved by bringing the productive capacity and supply-chain efficiency that will enable the expansion of domestic
oilseed production and the commercial potential of oilseed products. 

Crushing
infrastructure will play a major role in expanding and developing the production of oilseed crops in Central Queensland thus presenting
an opportunity for local farmers to diversify into higher value crops. The Central Queensland cropping region has a strong history of
oilseed production, but this capacity has largely disappeared due to a lack of essential processing infrastructure. Central Queensland
produces between 40,000 and 50,000 tons of seed per year but lacks the processing infrastructure to support downstream processing capabilities. 

The
Australian processing capability for these products are now predominantly located in New South Wales and Victoria, which has directed
value-add activities interstate. Given the capacity and strength of the Queensland oilseed growing industry, and the commercial benefits
stemming from the efficient integration of processing and growing operations, this project will take the first step in reviving the oilseed
industry in Central Queensland and help to catalyze Australia s bio futures sector. We believe that Queensland has the potential
to develop a 1 billion oilseed processing and value addition base industry similar to development cases in New South Wales and Victoria
where the oilseed crushing industry is contributing between 5 billion and 7 billion per annum to the respective economies. 

The
current capacity of the Company s primary processing site in Cootamundra, NSW was expanded in 2024 with expansion completed
with full operation in the expanded Cootamundra facility in August 2024. The Company is further expanding its processing capacity
to meet market demand and sees strategic commercial value in establishing a new processing plant near Emerald in close proximity to
Central Queensland growers under an affiliated entity, CQ Oilseeds Pty Ltd. The facility will be the first major crushing plant in
Queensland. 

The
investment rationale to develop a greenfield facility in Emerald comes at a crucial time with consideration to inflation, surging fuel
costs, avoidance of global supply chain and related geopolitical tension and an increasing focus and commitment to sustainability. A
processing facility in Queensland will generate savings from inter-state freight cost, reduce carbon emissions and minimize the distribution
costs associated with supplying the northern and southern markets of Queensland with direct access to rail and the Gladstone Port. 

17 

The
Company expects to adhere to the following implementation methodology and associated project schedule: 

General 
 Key
 Milestone 
 Description 
 
 Pre-construction
 Activities 
 1 
 Approvals
 Permissions 
 
 Start:
01 Sep 2022 
End: 31 December 2024 
 
 Receiving Development Approval and EPA License 

Offtake agreements with customers 

Contract execution 

Financial approvals 
 
 Construction
 Activities 
 2 
 Factory
 Building Machinery 
 
 Phase
 1: 
 
 Start:
 January 2025 
 End: January 2026 
 
 Phase
 l1: 
 
 Start:
 January 2026 
 End: December 2026 
 
 Signing contracts with construction company 

Procurement of construction materials 

Placing equipment orders 

Civil works 

Site establishment 

Construction site works (including foundations, factory shed, slab, frame and cladding) 

Delivery and installation of equipment 

Testing and commissioning 
 
 Commercial
 Operations 
 3 
 Hiring
 Training 
 
 Start:
 Sep 2025 End: March 2026 
 
 Commence hiring with senior management 

Hire operational plant staff from local region 

Training and development of the selected hires 

Human Resources/Onboarding administration 
 
 4 
 Contracts
 Supply Chain Management 
 
 Start:
 January 2025 
 End: December 2026 
 
 Signing contracts with suppliers and engagements with growers. 

Distribution contract drafting 

Logistics negotiations 

Performance analysis to maximize operational supply output and financial performance 

Risk mitigation 

The
new and larger oil processing plant in Emerald, Queensland is expected to have a capacity to crush 200 tons of oilseeds per day. The
new Emerald plant is currently in development (see Pre-construction Activities in the table above). The Queensland
Government awarded a governmental grant of approximately AUD 5 million in funding and tax credits to support the Emerald, Queensland
facility. Approval of this funding occurred on December 14, 2023, with funding commenced in March 2024. The land lease for the
property underlying the Emerald, Queensland facility commenced in January 2023, and the local development was submitted and is now
under review by the local council. The groundbreaking will occur in the first quarter of 2025 calendar year with the construction
period expected from January 2025 to December 2026 and the receipt of the certificate of completion is expected in March 2025. The Company
expects the construction of the plant to require capital expenditures of AUD 24 million. 

Regulatory
Environment 

The
Company has foreign government approvals to import food grade oils to the United States. Specifically, Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd.
is registered with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) pursuant to the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the
Bioterrorism Act of 2002 and the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act as of December 9, 2022, which is effective through December 31,
2023. The Company has not sought Organic certification from the United States Department of Agriculture. Cootamundra
Oilseeds Pty Ltd. is registered through SAI Global as compliant with Good Manufacturing Practices and Hazard Analysis until January
14, 2026. Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. is certified Halal compliant by Halal Australia until July 1, 2023. Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty
Ltd. is certified Kashrut by the Kashrut Authority of Australia and New Zealand until October 14, 2023 i.e., Kosher).
Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. is verified Non-GMO for its First Press Canola Oil product and Premium First
Pressed Canola Oil product by the non-GMO Project until June 22, 2024. 

Supply
Chain from Central Queensland 

The
Central Queensland region is a highly significant area within Queensland s wider agricultural industry. Most regions in Australia
hold the ability to produce one broadacre crop per year. Crop planting windows in the Central Highlands region are wider, crops mature
faster (due to warm climate) and reduced risk of damage from frost. Given the right conditions, this enables an increased cropping intensity
of two crops to be planted and harvested in a year without penalties to yields. 

18 

As
of 2019, Central Queensland region has more than 400 operations growing grains, pulses and oilseeds primarily under rain grown production
conditions and more than 45,300 hectares of broadacre crops are grown under flood, lateral and pivot irrigation. The Australian Bureau
of Statistics values broadacre cropping at 103 million, making it the second largest agricultural activity in the Central Highlands. 

The
Central Queensland cropping area can grow up to 65,000 to 70,000 tons of oilseed (primarily cottonseed and sunflower seed) per year.
During the early 2000 s, the region produced more than 80,000 hectares of sunflower seed. Now the region currently imports between
30,000 and 40,000 tons of sunflower oil per year. 

Cooperative
Research Centre for Developing Northern Australia (CRCNA) and Grains Research and Development Corporation (GRDC) in partnership with
Farmacist and Savannah Ag Consulting (agronomists) conducted a three-year research experiment under the Developing an oilseed
industry for North Queensland project comparing the crop yield rates of several oilseed crops grown in Central and Northern QLD
to industry averages. The project trials were conducted from Emerald in Central Queensland to North Queensland featuring oilseed crops
including canola, Indian mustard, carinata, soybeans, linseed, nigella, sunflower, camelina, safflower and black sesame. Results have
shown that several oilseed crops produce the same or better yields in tropical Queensland compared to trials in temperate climates, alleviating
decades of industry assumptions around growing conditions in the regions. The clear standouts were canola which produced a 2.85 tons
per hectare yield, higher than the 2.54 tons per hectare outcome from the National Variety Trial (NVT) Roundup Ready trials, and safflower that had a 2.6 tons
per hectare yield and was over double the 1-1.2 tons per hectare. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our
business. While the outcomes of these matters are uncertain, management does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters
will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

There
were two cases involving the Company s subsidiaries, Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd. and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd., filed in
the Supreme Court of New South Wales in connection with a related party loan with a former director totaling AUD 1.2 million. Cowcumbla
Investments Pty Ltd. and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. recently settled these claims following their repayment of the amount due under
this related party loan in monthly instalments from January 2023 to April 2023. The cases pending against Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd.
and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. have concluded following the local mediation process held on 30 May 2023 and the payment of an additional
sum under this loan in the amount of AUD95,000 as final settlement on 1 June 2023. The Company does not expect to incur any further costs
in relation to the matter, however, the inherent uncertainties of any future litigation, and the ultimate cost and outcome of future
litigation cannot be established definitively. 

Corporate
Information 

Australian
Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. is a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company, we, us or Australian
Oilseeds formed on December 29, 2022. 

The
Company s subsidiaries include Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company; Good Earth Oils Pty
Ltd. an Australian proprietary company; Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company, which is 82.7 owned by the
Company and which wholly owns Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd., which is incorporated in Australia; CQ Oilseeds Pty Ltd., an Australian
proprietary company, and EDOC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

The
Company is located at 126 142 Cowcumbla Street, Cootamundra and Site 2: 52 Fuller Drive Cootamundra and reachable by telephone
on +02 6942 4347. 

19 

The
information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider any information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Annual Report or in deciding whether to purchase our Ordinary
Shares. 

Recent
Developments 

Closing
of Business Combination 

On
March 21, 2024 (the Closing Date ), Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited., a Cayman Islands exempted company Australian
Oilseeds or the Company ), consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022 (as amended on March 31, 2023 and December 7, 2023 (the Business Combination Agreement ),
between the Company, EDOC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company EDOC ), American Physicians LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, in the capacity as the representative, from and after the Closing Date for the shareholders of Purchaser and
the Company (other than the Sellers (as defined below)) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement
(the Purchaser Representative ), AOI Merger Sub, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company Merger Sub ), Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company AOI ),
Gary Seaton, in his capacity as the representative for the Sellers, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination
Agreement (the Seller Representative ), and each of the holders of AOI s outstanding ordinary shares named on Annex
I to the Business Combination Agreement (the Primary Sellers ), as amended from time to time, to include subsequent parties
that execute and deliver to Purchaser, the Company and AOI, a Joinder (the Joining Sellers ), and the holders of AOI s
outstanding ordinary shares who are bound by the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to the drag-along rights set
forth in AOI s memorandum and articles of association (the Drag-Along Sellers, and collectively with the Joining
Sellers, the Sellers ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the
 Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, EDOC merged with and into Merger Sub, with EDOC continuing as the surviving
entity (the Merger ), as a result of which, EDOC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and each issued and outstanding
security of EDOC prior to the Closing Date was cancelled in exchange for the receipt of substantially identical securities of the Company.
Also on the Closing Date, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of AOI (the Purchased Shares from the Sellers in exchange for the Company s ordinary shares Company Ordinary Shares par value 0.0001 per share
(the Share Exchange ). More specifically, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, at the effective time of the Business
Combination (the Effective Time ): 

(i) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC pre-transaction privately-held Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary share (the EDOC Ordinary Shares received Company Ordinary Shares, which are listed under the ticker COOT (less 200,000 Class A ordinary shares that
 were forfeited by EDOC back to the Company); 

(ii) 
 Each
 holder of AOI ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Exchange Shares 

(iii) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC s public Class A ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis; 

(iv) 
 EDOC s
 warrants terminated and were exchanged for warrants of the Company (the Warrants ), which Warrants are listed on the
 Nasdaq under COOTW 

(v) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC s rights (the Rights received 1/10 of a Company Ordinary Share for each such Right, as set forth
 herein; 

(vi) 
 EDOC s
 Rights were no longer be traded; 

(vii) 
 EDOC s
 479,000 placement units Placement Units were exchanged for Company Ordinary Shares and Warrants of the Company; and 

(viii) 
 EDOC 
 1,500,000 of convertible promissory notes that were convertible at Closing into Company Ordinary Shares Convertible Shares and warrants Convertible Warrants ). 

20 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, EDOC and/or the Company entered into or amended, as applicable, certain agreements
with their vendors or service providers, including the underwriter in EDOC s IPO, to pay various business combination transaction
expenses otherwise due at Closing, including deferral agreements with vendors or service providers, requiring deferred cash payments
by the registrant to such parties to be satisfied over specified time periods after Closing, and certain other fee modification agreements
with vendors or service providers pursuant to which such parties received newly issued Ordinary Shares at Closing and/or deferred cash
payments (or a combination of both). Pursuant to such agreements, an aggregate of 840,891 Company Ordinary Shares (694,391 to Arc Group
Limited and 146,500 to I-Bankers Securities, Inc.) were issued to such providers. 

In
addition, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company closed the private placement of the Arena Warrants
and Debentures pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between the Company, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries
and Arena Investors, LP (the PIPE Investors and executed the Arena Transaction Documents including the 10 Original Issue
Discount Secured Convertible Debenture, the Arena Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and related documents. 

In
addition, at the Closing, the Company, the Primary Sellers, the Purchaser Representative, the Seller Representative and the Escrow Agent
entered into an escrow agreement (the Subscription Escrow Agreement ), pursuant to which a number of Exchange Shares equal
to 15 of the estimated Exchange Consideration issuable to the Sellers at the Closing (such Exchange Shares, together with any equity
securities paid as dividends or distributions with respect to such shares or into which such shares are exchanged or converted the Escrow
Shares are subject to the restrictions of the Escrow Agreement and shall be held by the Escrow Agent, along with any dividends,
distributions or income thereon (together with the Escrow Shares, the Escrow Property in a segregated account (the Escrow
Account and disbursed in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and the Subscription Escrow Agreement. The Escrow
Shares will be held in the Escrow Account for a period of 12 months after the Closing and shall be the sole and exclusive source of payment
for any post-Closing purchase price adjustment and for any post-closing indemnification claims (other than certain fraud claims and breaches
of AOI and the Sellers fundamental representations, as in the Business Combination Agreement). At the 12-month anniversary of
the Closing, on March 21, 2025, all remaining Escrow Property will be released to the Sellers in accordance with the Business Combination
Agreement. However, the amount of Escrow Property equal to the value of any pending and unresolved claims will remain in the Escrow Account
until finally resolved. 

The
transaction was unanimously approved by the board of directors of EDOC and was approved at the extraordinary general meeting of EDOC s
shareholders held on March 6, 2024 (the Special Meeting ). EDOC s shareholders also voted to approve all the other proposals
presented at the Special Meeting. As a result of the Business Combination, AOI and EDOC became wholly owned direct subsidiaries of the
Company. On March 22, 2024, the Ordinary Shares and public warrants of the Company (the Public Warrants commenced trading
on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbols COOT and COOTW, respectively. 

Lock-up
Agreements and Escrow Agreement 

Pursuant
to lock-up agreements entered with the applicable party, all holders of Ordinary Shares as of the Closing, other than the PIPE Investors,
the EDOC s public shareholders and certain Sellers of AOI holding a minority ownership, agreed, among other things, that such party s
Ordinary Shares may not be transferred for a period after the Closing. Following the closing of the Business Combination, of the 23,224,102
Ordinary shares that were issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date, approximately 17,088,324 Ordinary Shares (or approximately 73.6 
of the total issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares) are subject to a lock-up for up (A) with respect to 50 of such Ordinary Shares,
during the period commencing from the Closing and ending on the earliest of (x) the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date, (y)
commencing after the three (3) month anniversary of the Closing, the date on which the closing sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals
or exceeds 12.50 per share for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) trading day period commencing after the Closing (or
if earlier, the date on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated
third party that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in the Company
for cash, securities or other property) and (B) and with respect to the remaining 50 of such Ordinary Shares, during the period commencing
from the Closing and ending on the earlier or the date that is six (6) months after the date of the Closing (or if earlier, the date
on which the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party
that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in the Company for cash, securities
or other property), (i) lend, offer, pledge (except as provided below), hypothecate, encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell,
sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of such Ordinary Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such Ordinary Shares, or (iii)
publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). 

21 

In
addition, at the Closing, the Company, the Primary Sellers, the Purchaser Representative, the Seller Representative and the Escrow Agent
entered into an escrow agreement (the Subscription Escrow Agreement ), pursuant to which a number of Exchange Shares equal
to 15 of the estimated Exchange Consideration issuable to the Sellers at the Closing (such Exchange Shares, together with any equity
securities paid as dividends or distributions with respect to such shares or into which such shares are exchanged or converted the Escrow
Shares are subject to the restrictions of the Escrow Agreement and shall be held by the Escrow Agent, along with any dividends,
distributions or income thereon (together with the Escrow Shares, the Escrow Property in a segregated account (the Escrow
Account and disbursed in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and the Subscription Escrow Agreement. The Escrow
Shares will be held in the Escrow Account for a period of 12 months after the Closing and shall be the sole and exclusive source of payment
for any post-Closing purchase price adjustment and for any post-closing indemnification claims (other than certain fraud claims and breaches
of AOI and the Sellers fundamental representations, as in the Business Combination Agreement). At the 12-month anniversary of
the Closing, on March 21, 2025, all remaining Escrow Property will be released to the Sellers in accordance with the Business Combination
Agreement. However, the amount of Escrow Property equal to the value of any pending and unresolved claims will remain in the Escrow Account
until finally resolved. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

In
connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company has entered into employment agreements with two executive officers:
Gary Seaton (as the Chief Executive Officer) and Bob Wu (Chief Financial Officer). The employment agreements provide for at-will employment
that may be terminated by the Company with or without cause, by the executive with or without good reason, or mutually terminated by
the parties. 

The
employment agreement for Gary Seaton provides for 150,000 annual salary and provides that Mr. Seaton s employment is at will and
will continue until either Mr. Seaton or the Company notifies the other party at least 60 days written notice of intent to terminate
employment. If. Mr. Seaton s employment is terminated by the Company without cause , he is entitled to receive (i)
continued base salary payments for 6 months following termination; (ii) accrued but unpaid base salary through the termination date;
(iii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed pre-approved reasonable business expenses incurred through the termination date; (iv) accrued
but unused annual leave days; and (v) all other payments, benefits, or fringe benefits to which he shall be entitled as of the termination
date under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit, equity, or fringe benefit plan or program or grant. 

Simultaneously
with the Closing, the Company intends to enter into an executive employment agreement with Bob Wu as Chief Financial Officer. The executive
employment agreement with Mr. Wu provides that Mr. Wu will hold the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company with a base annual
salary of 100,000. Under the agreement, Mr. Wu s employment is at will and will continue until either Mr. Wu or the Company
notifies the other party at least 60 days written notice of intent to terminate employment. If. Mr. Wu s employment is terminated
by the Company without cause , he is entitled to receive (i) continued base salary payments for 6 months following termination;
(ii) accrued but unpaid base salary through the termination date; (iii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed pre-approved reasonable business
expenses incurred through the termination date; (iv) accrued but unused annual leave days; and (v) all other payments, benefits, or fringe
benefits to which he shall be entitled as of the termination date under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit,
equity, or fringe benefit plan or program or grant. 

22 

Cause 
is defined in the executive employment agreement to mean (i) the Executive s willful failure to perform Executive s duties
(other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (ii) the Executive s willful failure
to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Board or the Company; (iii) the Executive s willful engagement in dishonesty,
illegal conduct, or gross misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Company or its affiliates; (iv) the Executive s
embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive s employment with the Company; (v) the Executive s
conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a major indictable offence or a crime involving moral
turpitude, if such felony or other crime is work-related, materially impairs the Executive s ability to perform services for the
Company, or results in material/reputational or financial harm to the Company or its affiliates; (vi) the Executive s material
violation of the Company s written policies or codes of conduct, including written policies related to discrimination, harassment,
performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct; (vii) the Executive s willful unauthorized disclosure of
Confidential Information (as defined below); (viii) the Executive s material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement
or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company; or (ix) the Executive s engagement in conduct that brings
or is reasonably likely to bring the Company negative publicity or into public disgrace, embarrassment, or disrepute. In addition, the
executive s employment shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, on the date the executive s employment terminates,
facts and circumstances exist that would have justified a termination for Cause, even if such facts and circumstances are discovered
after such termination. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company closed the private placement, pursuant to the private offering rules
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Arena Warrants and Debentures pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between the Company, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP
(the PIPE Investors and executed the Arena Transaction Documents including the 10 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible
Debenture, the Arena Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and related documents. The Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Arena Warrants
grant the PIPE Investors the right to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants equal to 25 of the total principal
amount of the related Debenture purchased by the PIPE Investor on the applicable closing date divided by 92.5 of the average of the
three (3) lowest daily VWAP of the Ordinary Shares for the ten (10) consecutive trading day period ended on the last trading day immediately
preceding such closing date, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in such Arena Warrant be exercisable
at the exercise price set forth in the Arena Warrants, as may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Arena Warrants. 

Data
Privacy 

In
connection with the operation of the Company and its subsidiaries business, we store, process and transmit data, including information
about our business, employees, suppliers and customers. Unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through
a variety of methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized
access to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers,
hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious
software programs. 

We
take action to mitigate these risks by (a) keeping our software and security systems up to date, (b) using strong passwords and two factor
authorization on all online accounts, (c) providing IT security training to employees to identify scam emails and building internal procedures
to verify suspicious requests, (d) backing up all data daily and storing the backup offline and online, (e) using a VPN to encrypt internet
traffic and protect against cyberattacks when assessing sensitive data, (f) developing and implementing an incident response plan to
ensure a rapid and effective response in case of a cyberattack, and (g) partnering with a cybersecurity company to conduct regular intranet
and employee laptop checks. 

23 

Nonetheless,
there can be no assurance that we will prevent all instances of improper disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential information.
Such disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and
laws that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible
that security controls over sensitive or confidential data and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure
of, or loss of such information. The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase as we introduce new services and
offerings. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various
jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure,
or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters, or any failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements
in this area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace. 

Organizational
Structure 

The
following is a current organizational chart of our Company: 

Human
Capital Resources 

Our
workforce is comprised of approximately 21 employees (as of June 30, 2024), including approximately 7 full-time equivalent contractors
(references herein to employees include to the employees of our subsidiaries). Our Board of Directors and its committees
oversee human capital matters through regular reporting from management and advisors. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

We
are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion that embraces and supports our patients, colleagues, partners, physicians and communities.
Our policies prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, gender, disability, race, color, ancestry, citizenship, religion, pregnancy,
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, payment source
or ability, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. 

24 

Compensation
and Benefits 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
(which vary by location) include a 2024 Stock Option Plan, a 401(k) Plan, health care and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible
spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, employee assistance programs, tuition
and student loan assistance and on-site services, such as cafeterias and fitness centers, among many others. 

Facilities 

The
Company s headquarters is located at 126 142 Cowcumbla Street, Cootamundra and Site 2: 52 Fuller Drive Cootamundra and
its telephone number is +02 6942 4347, where we own and occupy the factory land with an aggregate area of approximately 60,200
square meters. and Site 2: 52 Fuller Drive Cootamundra where with an aggregate floor area of approximately 7,169 square meters
from unrelated third parties under operating lease agreements. The Company recorded the lease agreement as a right-to-use asset in the financial statements under IFRS16. We believe the current
office space is adequate for our current operations and is adequate for our anticipated future needs. 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

As
a company with less than 1.235 billion in revenues during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company as defined
in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act enacted in 2012. As an emerging growth company, we expect to take
advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not
limited to: 

being
 permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements,
 with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 disclosure in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. This Annual Report contains a discussion of the risks applicable to an investment
in our securities. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties are not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown
risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. We may not be successful in preventing the material
adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment
due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

You
should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our historical
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of
these risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and
operating results which could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant
decrease in the value of our Ordinary Shares and warrants. Refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Related to our Ordinary Shares 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our Ordinary Shares could incur substantial losses. 

The
stock market in general has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to operating performance of individual companies, particularly following a public offering of a company with a small public float. There
is the potential for rapid and substantial price volatility of our Ordinary Shares. These broad market factors may seriously harm the
market price of our Ordinary Shares, regardless of our actual or expected operating performance and financial condition or prospects,
which may make it difficult for investors to assess the rapidly changing value of our Ordinary Shares. 

25 

We
are currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). If we are unable to maintain listing of our securities on Nasdaq
or any stock exchange, our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity of our stock and our ability to obtain financing
could be impaired and it may be more difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. 

Although
our Ordinary Shares are currently listed on Nasdaq, we may not be able to continue to meet the exchange s minimum listing requirements
or those of any other national exchange. If we are unable to maintain a listing on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for our Ordinary Shares
does not develop or is sustained, our Ordinary Shares may remain thinly traded. 

As
previously reported on Form 6-K on September 4, 2024, on August 28, 2024, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications
staff of Nasdaq notifying the Company that based on the closing bid price of the Company for the period for the prior 30 consecutive
business days, the Company no longer meets Nasdaq Listing Rules 5550(a)(2) (the Rules requirement that listed securities
maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share. 

Nasdaq
provided the Company with 180 calendar days compliance period, or until February 24, 2025, in which to regain compliance with Nasdaq
continued listing requirement. In the event that the Company does not regain compliance in the compliance period, the Company may be
eligible for an additional 180 calendar days, should the Company meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards for Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and is able to provide
written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
However, if it appears that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if the Company is otherwise not eligible, Nasdaq
will provide notice that the Company s securities will be subject to delisting. 

The
Nasdaq notification letter has no immediate effect on the Company s continued listing on Nasdaq and does not result in the immediate
delisting of the Company s ordinary shares, and the shares will continue to trade uninterrupted under the symbol COOT. 
The Company is currently evaluating options to regain compliance and intends to timely regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued
listing requirement. Although the Company will use all reasonable efforts to achieve compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2), there can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with that rule or will otherwise comply with other Nasdaq continued listing
requirement. 

The
listing rules of Nasdaq require listing issuers to comply with certain standards in order to remain listed on its exchange. If, for any
reason, we should fail to maintain compliance with these listing standards and Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its
exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may
occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders: 

the
 liquidity of our Ordinary Shares; 

the
 market price of our Ordinary Shares; 

our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

the
 number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our Ordinary Shares; 

the
 number of investors in general that will consider investing in our Ordinary Shares; 

the
 number of market makers in our Ordinary Shares; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our Ordinary Shares; and 

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our Ordinary Shares. 

26 

Our
principal shareholders will continue to have significant influence over the election of our board of directors and approval of any significant
corporate actions, including any sale of the Company. 

Our
founders, executive officers, directors, and other principal shareholders, in the aggregate, beneficially own a majority of our outstanding
shares. These shareholders currently have, and likely will continue to have, significant influence with respect to the election of our
board of directors and approval or disapproval of all significant corporate actions. The concentrated voting power of these shareholders
could have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of the Company or another significant corporate transaction. 

We
could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies following a decline in the market price of their
securities. In 2020, 22 of securities class action litigation filings were against defendants in the health technology and services
sector, which accounted for 22 of new filings. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s
attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price for the shares and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Ordinary Shares will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. If research analysts do not establish and maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who
cover us downgrades our Ordinary Shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market price for our
Ordinary Shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us
regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for our
Ordinary Shares to decline. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and you must rely on price appreciation of your Ordinary Shares for return
on your investment. 

We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation
to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares. Any determination
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems relevant. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Ordinary Shares,
either by us or by our existing shareholders, or the possibility that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price
of our Ordinary Shares. 

Future
sales in the public market of our Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Ordinary Shares,
shares held by our existing shareholders or shares issued upon the exercise of our outstanding shares options or warrants, or the perception
by the market that these sales could occur, could lower the market price of our Ordinary Shares or make it difficult for us to raise
additional capital. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our Ordinary Shares less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act the JOBS Act ). For
as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including exemption from compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

27 

In
addition, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those
standards apply to private companies. We may elect not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, may be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our Ordinary Shares less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our Ordinary Shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Ordinary Shares and
our share price may be more volatile. 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws as well as provisions of Cayman Act, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Cayman Act contain provisions which could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying
or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without shareholder approval and may contain
 voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our Ordinary Shares; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

limiting
 the ability of our shareholders to call and bring business before special meetings; 

requiring
 advance notice of shareholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of our shareholders and for nominations of candidates
 for election to our board of directors; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board of directors and shareholder meetings; and 

providing
 our board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled
 special meetings. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. We are also
subject to provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that include language that inhibits a takeover
of the Company. This change could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for the Company s securities
and could entrench management. 

Any
provision of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or Cayman Islands law that has the effect of delaying or
deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their Ordinary Shares and could
also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Ordinary Shares. 

28 

Risks
Related to the Company and our Business 

We
are significantly dependent on the revenues from the sale of our products and, therefore, our results of operations could be negatively
impacted if we are unable to sell a sufficient number of products at satisfactory margins. 

We
sell cold pressed vegetable oils and vegetable protein meals extracted from oil seeds. For fiscal years June 30, 2024 and 2023, we derived
approximately 85 and 89 , respectively, of our total revenue from the sale of cold pressed vegetable oils with the balance from the
sale of vegetable protein meals extracted from oil seeds. The Company processes and sells high quality protein meal for the agricultural
market (including the feedstock industry) and is leveraging this by-product to expand into the plant-based meats and proteins markets.
Presently, the Cootamundra facility is capable of crushing canola, safflower and sunflower seeds with a current processing capacity of
more than 33,000 metric tons per annum. Edible oils and protein meal serve as the largest outlet for oilseed derivative products. The
food industry demands healthy oils for cooking and dining. A key example being Canola Oilseed in which Australia produces over
15-20 of the global Canola seed trade. Australian oilseed production, due to relative proximity and high-quality output, are well-placed
to supply the rapidly expanding consumer export markets of the Asia-Pacific as well as satisfy increased domestic demands. 

Our
dependence on the market for oil seeds for pressing and extraction makes us particularly vulnerable to negative market changes that may
occur in these product lines. In particular, if demand for oil seeds such as olives, canola seeds and sunflower seeds increase or if
industry demand exceeds supply, the price of oil seeds will be driven upward and our product margins will be negatively impacted, which
would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
lack product and business diversification. Accordingly, our future revenues and earnings are more susceptible to fluctuations than a
more diversified company. 

Our
current primary business activities focus on agriculturally derived products. Because our focus is limited in this way, any risk affecting
the agricultural industry could disproportionately affect our business. Our lack of product and business diversification could inhibit
the opportunities for growth of our business, revenues and profits. 

We
are dependent on contracts with local and regional farmers for oilseeds and loss of these contracts could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and revenues. 

We
have a grower contract base for oil seeds made up of local and regional farmers and shareholders. These contracts provide oilseeds
on a fixed acre or hectare contract basis as well as standard tonnage contracts for oil seeds. For example, farmers in Cootamundra, New
South Wales NSW have been growing and supplying us with genetically modified organism GMO free harvested
canola for over ten years. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to renew these contracts or find adequate replacements
for these contracts should they expire. Likewise, while we have long-standing contracts and relationships with our local and regional
farmers and shareholders, who have provided qualified GMO free harvested oil seeds in the past, there can be no assurance that they will
continue to produce and provide oil seeds of the same quality or at the same amounts going forward. If the sales performance of any supplier
declines or if any of our suppliers terminates the cooperation with us or even starts to cooperate with any of our competitors, or if
there is any modification as to the sales and purchase terms entered into by and between the Company and any of our key local and regional
farmers and shareholders, our business, financial condition and revenue would be seriously impacted. Furthermore, we rely on a concentration
of certain suppliers for the bulk of our oilseeds. If the sales performance of any of these suppliers, and particularly our top suppliers,
declines or if any of these suppliers terminates the cooperation with us, or if there is any modification as to the sales and purchase
terms entered into with these suppliers, our business, financial condition and revenue would be seriously impacted. 

We
are dependent on a material concentration of revenue from a small group of customers and the impact on the loss of any of these customer
could have an adverse impact on cash flows from operations. 

Historically,
the Company has been dependent on a material concentration of revenue from a small group of customers and the impact on the loss of any
of these customer could have an adverse impact on cash flows from operations. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able
to renew these contracts with our customers or that we will source new additional customers should these legacy customer contracts not
be renewed or if the sales volumes decline under the legacy contracts. If any of these risks materialize, our business, financial condition
and revenue would be seriously impacted. 

The
Company faces risks related to global, federal, state, and local regulation affecting its operations, including changes to and the imposition
of new practices and regulations on trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, traceability, environmental
laws and other matters, which could materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Agricultural
production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, and regulations, including in relation to the regulation of
employee conditions and entitlements. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies,
incentives, foreign exchange rates, and import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products, including
policies related to genetically modified organisms, renewable fuel and low carbon fuel mandates, can influence the planting of certain
crops, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, the volume and types
of imports and exports, the availability and competitiveness of raw materials, the viability and volume of production of certain of the
Company s products, and industry profitability. 

29 

For
example, changes in government policies or regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting
trade between countries or regions and create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs and could adversely affect the Company s
agricultural commodity risk management practices as well as its business. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply
of, demand for, and prices of the Company s products; restrict its ability to do business in its existing and target markets; and
adversely affect its revenues and operating results. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve
these challenges could subject the Company to fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products, resulting in
damage to its reputation, which could adversely affect its product sales, financial condition and results of its operations. 

Our
operations are inherently subject to changing conditions that can affect our profitability, such as a decrease in sales of our products
and unfavorable weather and environmental conditions. 

Our
operations are subject to changing conditions that can affect levels of production and production costs for varying lengths of time and
can result in decreases in profitability. We are exposed to price risks related to the sale of vegetable oils. In addition, our operating
results might also be adversely impacted by unfavorable weather and environmental conditions including but not limited to blight, bush
fires, drought and flooding. Under unfavorable weather and environmental conditions, we might be forced to pursue special production
plans which differ from our routine production activities, including temporarily closing our production facilities, shortening operation
time, and reducing production shifts. As a result, our productivity might materially decrease. 

A
majority of our revenue stream depends on timely obtaining oil seeds for extraction into vegetable oils and vegetable protein meals.
The supply of oil seeds and their timely availability can be negated by blight, drought, floods, storms or other woes of farming in NSW.
Any such event or a combination thereof could render us unable to meet our product demands. This could have a long-term negative effect
on our ability to grow our business. 

The
Company is developing appropriate client related policies and is focused on producing sustainable and chemical free products. Its management
have assessed current and pending climate related legislation and can confirm that: 

The
 Company is not currently subject to climate related legislation that has a material impact
 on the business; 

The
 Company does not believe any pending climate related legislation will have a material impact on the business;
 and 

Management
 has considered and determined that there will not be a material increase in capital expenditures or operating
 costs associated with climate-related matters, including costs and expenditures incurred to mitigate the
 physical effects of climate change or incurred in connection with any plans they may have to reduce emissions
 or their reliance on carbon-based energy. 

Disruptions
in water and power supply may adversely affect our and our suppliers operations. 

Our
operations are reliant upon stable supply of electricity and access to transportation routes to optimally run our oil seed grinding and
extraction operations and/or deliver our products to customers. Our suppliers farming operations are, in addition, reliant on
access to water for the cultivation of oil seeds, which we then use to produce our products. Should we not have access to reliable electricity
supply or should our suppliers have limited access to water or experience infrastructure challenges, this could have a material adverse
effect on our access to oil seeds and therefore our business, operating results, cash flows, financial condition and future growth. 

Water,
as a resource, is becoming increasingly limited as global demand for water increases and extreme temperatures become mundane. A significant
part of our suppliers operations requires the use of large volumes of water. In recent times, Australia has experienced prolonged periods
of drought and there may be significant changes in the future to current water laws which could increase the cost or availability of
water in reaction to extended periods of drought and extreme weather. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate, and our operating results could be adversely affected by various factors such as a decrease of product
sales, price changes in response to competitive factors and increases in oil seed costs. 

Our
quarterly results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuation in the demand for our products
and changes in the price of oil seeds, which directly affect the price of our products and may influence the demand for our products.
Therefore, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of results of operations have been and will be impacted by the volume of such orders and shipments.
In addition, our operating results could be adversely affected by, among others, the following factors: variations in the mix of product
sales; price changes in response to competitive factors; increases in oil seed costs and other significant costs; increases in utility
costs (particularly electricity), and interruptions in plant operations resulting from the interruption of oil seed and other raw material
supplies. 

30 

Our
revenue may not achieve budget in FY 2025 while we expend capital to expand our Cootamundra facility and construct our new
Queensland facility. 

The
Company s operation in fiscal year 2025 may be reduced substantially from our original projections while we expend capital to construct
our new Queensland facility due to factory break down or overhaul or spec adjustment. The Company expanded its existing Cootamundra facility with full operations occurring in August 2024.
Presently, the Company is constructing a new crushing and production plant in Emerald, Central Queensland for a projected total cost
of AUD 25 million. In connection with the funding of the new Queensland plant, the Company has received government support through an
Industrial Partnership Program through CQ Oilseeds Pty Ltd. and its parent entity, Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd., in the amount
of AUD 5 million of incentives plus a grant of tax incentives. The balance of the capital stack to fund the plant includes AUD 3 million
of funding generated from operating cashflow, AUD 6 million to AUD 10 million in a bank funding facility for construction and equipment
financing, and AUD 8 million to AUD 11 million of equity funding to complete the new plant within 15 months. If the Company does not
raise all or any of the AUD 8 million to AUD 11 million of equity funding, the Company intends to fund the shortfall from the Company s
operating cashflow, which would reduce its results of operation. Upon completion of construction of the new facility, Energreen Nutrition
Australia Pty Ltd. will transfer CQ Oilseeds Pty Ltd. and its assets, including the new facility to the Company via a transfer agreement. 

Between
the two facilities, total capacity is expected to be approximately four times the current capacity (160,000 metric tons anticipated,
up from 40,000 metric tons). The Company s revenue growth included in the financial projections assumed this significant increase
in production capacity due to the new facility in Emerald, Queensland and expansion of the Cootamundra facility, as well as success in
rolling out AOI s branded products. 

The
development and construction of real estate is subject to timing, budgeting and other risks that may adversely affect AOI s operating
results such as the availability of financing on favorable terms and development risks relating to an inability to obtain, or delays
in obtaining, necessary entitlements, zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other required governmental permit authorizations. Acts
of God such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or fires could adversely impact a project and governmental restrictions on the nature
or size of the project. Other significant risks include management of the architect and general contractor (including development of
a timeline for construction), procurement of all necessary equipment and inventory, and sufficient and capable staffing related thereto.
If any of the above occurs, or fails to occur, as the case may be, the ability of the Company to achieve its revenue projections could
be adversely affected. In addition, development activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, may require a substantial
portion of the Company s time and attention. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

If
we fail to effectively promote our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
believe that brand image plays an important role in influencing consumers decisions in purchasing our products. The
reputation of our products, particularly our GMO free cold-pressed vegetable oils, is critical to the success of our business. We
believe consumers are attracted to our cold pressed vegetable oils, which are pressed and ground without the use of chemicals or
solvents. For fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we derived approximately 98 and 89 , respectively, of our total revenue from the sale of
our cold-pressed vegetable oils and its product meal cake. We cannot assure you that our marketing and promotional activities will remain effective going
forward. If we fail to successfully market or promote our brands, our brand recognition may be adversely affected and the demand for
our products may decline or fail to increase as much as we expect. If our brands are tarnished in any manner, particularly with
regard to our environmentally friendly pressing and grinding processes, we may lose our competitive advantage and our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

31 

We
may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and if we are unable to retain or hire qualified personnel
in the future, our ability to improve our products and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected. 

We
must attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of technically competent employees. Competition for senior management and senior
personnel in the industry is intense, the pool of qualified candidates is very limited, and we may not be able to retain the services
of our senior executives or senior personnel or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or senior personnel in the future.
This failure could materially and adversely affect our future growth and financial condition. 

We
are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management, sales and marketing, and research and development expertise of key personnel.
We are dependent upon the services of Gary Seaton for our continued growth and operation because of their experience in the industry
and their personal and business contacts. Although we have no reason to believe that Gary Seaton will discontinue their services with
us, the interruption or loss of their services would adversely affect our ability to effectively run our business and pursue our business
strategy as well as our results of operations. Besides, our success depends on the continuous devotion of our directors and senior management,
and they are well experienced and have a deep understanding as to our business and operation. The loss of these officers could have a material
adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We do not carry key man life insurance for any of our
key personnel nor do we foresee purchasing such insurance to protect against a loss of key personnel. 

We
may be subject to claims, litigation or regulatory actions filed or pending by or against us, and any obligation to pay a judgment or
damages could materially harm our business or financial condition. 

From
time to time, we may be engaged in litigation and incur significant costs relating to these matters. For example, two of AOI s
subsidiaries, Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd. and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. recently settled litigation claims filed against them
in the Supreme Court of New South Wales stemming from a related party loan with a former director totaling AUD 1.2 million. The amount
due under this related party loan was repaid through monthly instalments from January 2023 to April 2023. The cases pending against Cowcumbla
Investments Pty Ltd. and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. have concluded following the local mediation process held on 30 May 2023 and the
payment of an additional sum to the plaintiff under this loan in the amount of AUD95,000 as final settlement on 1 June 2023.The Company
does not expect to incur any further costs in relation to the matter, however, the inherent uncertainties of any future litigation, and
the ultimate cost and outcome of future litigation cannot be predicted. We currently carries director and officer liability insurance
and other insurance policies that provide protection against various liabilities relating to claims against us and our executive officers
and directors. Any expenses and liabilities relating to future lawsuits will materially harm our financial condition. In addition, we
might not be able to obtain the sufficient insurance coverage due to cost or other reasons. It could make it more difficult for us to retain and attract
officers and directors and could expose us to potentially self-funding certain future liabilities ordinarily mitigated by director and
officer liability insurance. 

In
addition, a substantial number of lawsuits have been filed by former special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) shareholders seeking to contest the terms of, or disclosures surrounding,
de-SPAC merger transactions. While shareholders and plaintiffs firms have long contested public company M A transactions and
are bringing similar challenges to de-SPAC merger transactions, certain structural features of SPACs have led shareholders to make new
twists on those arguments. For example, shareholders in a SPAC sued in Delaware state court to enjoin a de-SPAC transaction arguing that
the SPAC directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties by rushing to sign a deal just before the time limit to return capital
to investors expired that was not in the best interests of SPAC shareholders. The plaintiffs also alleged that several of the SPAC s
managers lacked independence because they were promised board membership in the post-transaction company. The lawsuit was voluntarily
dismissed after the SPAC issued additional disclosures. 

Shareholders
have also filed dozens of nuisance claims alleging misleading disclosures in proxy statements soliciting shareholder approval of de-SPAC
merger transactions. These kinds of proxy statement challenges, which are common in the public M A setting, are frequently brought
under Section 14 of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9. In these actions, plaintiffs lawyers threaten to enjoin a shareholder
vote until the issuer releases supplemental information. These actions frequently settle or are voluntarily dismissed when the company
issues additional disclosures, and plaintiffs lawyers then seek a mootness fee usually after the closing of the
business combination. Commentators and courts have criticized this minuet on the ground that the supplemental disclosures confer no real
benefits on shareholders. We can expect plaintiffs securities law firms to continue to file these claims in connection with many
de-SPAC merger transactions to recoup these fees. 

32 

Unfavorable
outcomes or developments relating to proceedings to which we are a party or transactions involving our products, such as judgments for
monetary damages, injunctions, or denial or revocation of permits, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. In addition, settlement of claims could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
retail price of our products may be subject to control by government authorities which may cause a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
main products are our vegetable oils derived from oil seeds, which may be recognized by governments and regulators as one of the essential
daily goods purchased by common people. When domestic and international market prices of edible vegetable oil roars sharply and cause
serious impact on consumption, governmental authorities may consider conducting price controls in the form of fixed retail prices or
retail price ceilings. If this were to happen in Australia, we may face operational pressure for increasing costs, and our profit level
may be likely lowered. Any future price controls or government mandated price reductions may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations, including significantly reducing our revenue and profitability. 

Our
business requires a number of permits and licenses in order to carry on our business. 

Food
manufacturers in Australia are required to obtain certain permits and licenses from various governmental authorities, including Food
Standards Australia New Zealand FSANZ ). All foods sold in Australia must also comply with a range of laws designed to
protect consumer, plant, and animal health and we are subject to regulations pertaining to the agricultural and forestry industry. We
have obtained licenses currently required, including for the manufacture and operation of edible vegetable oil. 

However,
we cannot assure you that we can maintain all required licenses and certificates to carry on our business at all times, and in the past
from time to time we may not have been in compliance with all such required licenses or certificates. Moreover, these licenses and certificates
are subject to periodic renewal and/or reassessment by the relevant governmental authorities and the standards of such renewal or reassessment
may change from time to time. We intend to apply for the renewal of these licenses and certificates when required by then applicable laws
and regulations. Any failure by us to obtain and maintain all licenses or certificates necessary to carry on our business at any time
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any inability to renew
these licenses and certificates could severely disrupt our business and prevent us from continuing to carry on our business. Any changes
in the standards used by governmental authorities in considering whether to renew or reassess our business licenses, as well as any enactment
of new regulations that may restrict the conduct of our business, may also decrease our revenue and/or increase our costs and materially
reduce our profitability and prospects. Furthermore, if the interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations changes
or if new regulations come into effect requiring us to obtain any additional licenses, permits or certifications that were previously
not required to operate our existing businesses, we cannot assure you that we may successfully obtain such licenses, permits or certifications. 

Adverse
publicity associated with our products, raw materials or top suppliers and customers, could harm our reputation, financial condition
and operating results. 

The
results of our operations may be significantly affected by the public s perception of our products and similar companies. This
perception is dependent upon opinions concerning: 

the
 safety and quality of our products and oil seeds; 

the
 safety and quality of similar products distributed by other companies; and 

Our
 top suppliers and customers. 

33 

Adverse
publicity concerning any actual or purported failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding product claims and advertising
or other aspects of our business, whether or not resulting in enforcement actions or the imposition of penalties, could have an adverse
effect on our goodwill and could negatively affect our sales and ability to generate revenue. In addition, our consumers perception
of the safety and quality of products and raw materials as well as similar products and raw materials distributed by other companies
can be significantly influenced by media attention, publicized scientific research or findings, widespread product liability claims and
other publicity concerning our products or raw materials, or similar products and raw materials distributed by other companies. Adverse
publicity, whether or not accurate or resulting from consumers use or misuse of our products, that associates consumption of our
products or ingredients or any similar products or ingredients with illness or other adverse effects, questions the benefits of our or
similar products or claims that any such products are ineffective, inappropriately advertised or have inaccurate instructions as to their
use, could negatively impact our reputation or the market demand for our products. For example, public sentiment may move away from the
use of vegetable oils for consumption which would impact market demand for our products. 

We
may not be able to develop new products and as a result, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The
launch and development of new products involve considerable time and commitment which may exert a substantial strain on our ability to
manage our existing business and operations. We cannot ensure the success of any new brand or products or that any income will be generated
from such new brand or products. If we are not able to develop and introduce new products successfully, or if new products fail to generate
sufficient revenues to offset research and development costs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

Our
operations may be disrupted for maintenance services or reasons beyond our control, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations could be disrupted for maintenance services or reasons beyond our control. Our oil seed pressing and grinding facilities are
subject to regular maintenance during which operations may halt. Moreover, other causes of disruption include extreme weather conditions,
fire, natural catastrophes, raw material supply disruptions, equipment and system failures, mechanical malfunctions, workforce shortages,
workforce actions, human errors or environmental issues. Any significant disruption to our operations could adversely affect our ability
to produce our vegetable oils and vegetable protein meal products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We
could be harmed by improper disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential company, employee, supplier or customer data. 

In
connection with the operation of our business, we store, process and transmit data, including information about our business, employees,
suppliers and customers. Unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through a variety of methods. These
include, but are not limited to, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or through
our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members
of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. 

We
take action to mitigate these risks by (a) keeping our software and security systems up to date, (b) using strong passwords and two factor
authorization on all online accounts, (c) providing IT security training to employees to identify scam emails and building internal procedures
to verify suspicious requests, (d) backing up all data daily and storing the backup offline and online, (e) using a VPN to encrypt internet
traffic and protect against cyberattacks when assessing sensitive data, (f) developing and implementing an incident response plan to
ensure a rapid and effective response in case of a cyberattack, and (g) partnering with a cybersecurity company to conduct regular intranet
and employee laptop checks. 

34 

Nonetheless,
there can be no assurance that we will prevent all instances of improper disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential information.
Such disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and
laws that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible
that security controls over sensitive or confidential data and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure
of, or loss of such information. The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase as we introduce new services and
offerings. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various
jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure,
or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, or any failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements
in this area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace. 

Our
business operations and international expansion may be subject to geopolitical risks including with respect to our supply chain and inflation. 

Our
business operation and international expansion may be subject to geopolitical risks. Any significant deterioration in the international
landscape may have a negative effect on our ability to fulfill contractual obligations because of shipping and other impediments that
could arise, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We exported
our products to various countries outside of Australia and derive sales from exporting to those countries, and we intend to continue
to sell our current and future products to countries outside of Australia. Changes to trade policies, treaties and tariffs in or affecting
the jurisdictions in which we sell our products, or the perception that these changes could occur, could adversely affect the financial
and economic conditions in those jurisdictions, as well as our international sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Company purchases from Energreen mainly relate to additional canola seed purchases, which seeds are sourced from Energreen s high-quality
and long-standing supply chain. All sales and purchase transactions among the Company and any related parties such as Energreen are structured
on an arm s length basis. Energreen mainly purchases the quality canola seed from Cargill, Grain Corp, and other trade companies
in Australia. 

In
February 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing
military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility
in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. We are continuing to monitor the situation in
Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. Additionally, Russia s prior annexation of Crimea, recent
recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine
have led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus,
the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, including
agreement to remove certain Russian financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, or SWIFT,
payment system, expansive ban on imports and exports of products to and from Russia and ban on exportation of U.S. denominated bank notes
to Russia or persons located there. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military
actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack
of liquidity in capital markets. In October 2023, the Israel-Hamas war commenced. As a result of the war, instability in the Middle East
and various other regions of the world may occur and affect the world economy. Various nations, including the United States, as a reaction
to the Israel-Hamas war have begun taking actions that may further affect the world economy. Such effects on the world economy are not
determinable as of the date of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of the Company s June 30, 2024,
yearend financials. 

There
have also been concerns over unrest in Ukraine, the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in financial and other
markets and concerns over the rising level of inflation in major industrial countries including the United States and worries that efforts
to curb inflation may result in recession. There were and could be in the future a number of domino effects from such turmoil on our
business, including significant decreases in orders from our customers, insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays, rises
in raw material prices leading up to increased level of cost of sales that we may not be able to pass onto customers, inability of customers
to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and/or customer insolvencies, and counterparty failures negatively impacting our
operations. Any systemic economic or financial crisis could cause revenues for the food production industry as a whole to decline dramatically
and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

35 

Although
our operations have not experienced material and adverse impact on supply chain, cybersecurity or other aspects of our business from
the ongoing unrest in Ukraine, the Middle East and Africa or due to COVID-19 or other acts of God or causes, there is no assurance that
such conflict would not develop or escalate in a way that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations in the future. 

We
face risks of natural disasters, acts of God and occurrence of epidemics, which could severely disrupt our business operations. 

Natural
disasters, epidemics and other acts of God which are beyond our control may adversely affect the economy, infrastructure and livelihood
of the people in Australia and may materially and adversely affect our operations as our facilities and offices are currently located
in Australia. Material damage to, or the loss of, such facilities due to fire, severe weather, flood, drought, earthquake, or other acts
of God or causes may not be adequately covered by proceeds of our insurance coverage and could materially and adversely affect our business
and results of operations. For example, rains and floods in Eastern Australia in 2022 (in February, July, November), which were the fifth
storms in 19 months were the area was inundated, resulted in billions of AUD of damage. Bushfires in 2019-2020 resulted in more than
2,000 homes being destroyed, losses of more than 900 million and 400+ deaths. Of the more than 10 million hectares burnt in south-eastern
Australia during the 2019-2020 fire season, around one-quarter was agricultural land, which caused an estimated 4-5 billion worth of
economic losses to the Australian food system. Any such further instances of natural disasters, fires or any outbreaks of contagious
disease, acts of war or terrorist attacks may cause damage or disruption to our business, our employees and our markets, any of which
could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
our products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls. 

Our
products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms or pathogens. These pathogens are found generally in the environment
and therefore, there is a risk that they could be present in our products. These pathogens can also be introduced to our products as
a result of improper handling during processing or at the consumer level. We have little, if any, control over proper handling procedures
once our products are delivered to our customers. 

Our
products are subject to sampling examinations on product quality by government authorities. If the products materially fail to meet any
relevant quality or safety standards, we may be required by government authorities to recall the products and we may be held responsible
for such failure, in which case our reputation and operations will be adversely affected. While we have insurance coverage for such recalls,
we may be liable for any loss and injury caused by such products, which may have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. We may also be required to incur extra expenditures to comply with the additional regulatory requirements
from time to time. So far there has been no product liability claim, product recall or other incident due to contamination of our products. 

Our
failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. 

We
compete with other companies, many of whom are developing or can be expected to develop products similar to ours. Many of our competitors
are also more established than we are, and have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we presently
possess. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and a larger operation scale and customer base. These competitors may
be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities and customer requirements and may be able to undertake more extensive
promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to customers, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not harm our
business. 

36 

Increased
competition could lead to lower revenues and higher costs. There is no guarantee that we will be able to compete effectively with current
and future competitors, nor will it be possible to ensure that competitors will not actively resort to legal or illegal means which aim
at destroying the brand and product quality or affecting the confidence of our consumers. 

Risks
Related to Being a Public Company 

Our
management has limited experience in operating a public company. 

Our
executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or
effectively manage our transition to a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations
under federal securities laws. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies
could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which
will result in less time being devoted to the management and growth of our Company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate
level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required
of public companies in the United States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve
the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States may require costs greater than expected. It is possible
that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company which
will increase our operating costs in future periods. 

We
will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented
by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be
promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies.
Compliance with public company requirements will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements
will require us to carry out activities we have not done previously. For example, we have created new Board committees and adopted new
internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements will be incurred.
Furthermore, while the Company has not identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting, if any
issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness or significant
deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence
of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more expensive to obtain director
and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain
qualified people to serve on our Board or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules
and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities.
These increased costs will require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and
achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by shareholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and
reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or the market in which
we operate, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our securities
could decline. 

The
trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, market or competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us. If
no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our share price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If
any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our Ordinary Shares adversely, or provide more favorable relative
recommendations about our competitors, the price of our Ordinary Shares would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to
cease our coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn
could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 

37 

Our
Ordinary Shares may be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our Ordinary Shares may be subject to extreme volatility. We cannot predict the magnitude of future fluctuations in
the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. The trading price of our Ordinary Shares may be affected by several factors, including events
described in the risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports filed with the SEC from time to time, as well
as our operating results, financial condition and other events or factors. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse
effect on your investment in our securities. Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 

announcements
 by us or our competitors regarding technical developments and levels of performance achieved by our or their real-world data and
 real-world evidence offering; 

announcements
 by us regarding developments in our relationship with existing and future key customers; 

our
 ability to bring our products and technologies to market on a timely basis, or at all; 

our
 operating results or development efforts failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

Actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
 to it; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results or the real-world data and real-world evidence industry; 

success
 of competitors actual or perceived development efforts; 

changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the real-world data and real-world evidence
 industry in general; 

operating
 and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company; 

disputes
 or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain intellectual
 property protection for our technologies; 

changes
 in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

our
 ability to meet compliance requirements; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the
 volume of Ordinary Shares available for public sale; 

the
 level of demand for our Ordinary Shares, including the amount of short interest in our stock; 

any
 major change in our Board or management; 

sales
 of substantial amounts of the Ordinary Shares by our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception
 that such sales could occur; 

the
 expiration of contractual lock-up agreements with our executive officers, directors and shareholders, which we have entered and may
 enter into in the future from time to time; and 

general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of
 war or terrorism. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general, and the Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities,
may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors
perceive to be similar to the Company could depress our share price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results
of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities
and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

Following
certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we may become the subject of securities litigation. We have experienced
and may in the future experience additional litigation following periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

38 

Our
business model is capital-intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all, which could be
dilutive to shareholders. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our operations and prospects could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We
can be expected to continue to sustain substantial operating expenses without generating sufficient revenue to cover expenditures. Over
time, we expect that we will need to raise additional funds, including through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities
or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, ongoing costs, any
significant unplanned or accelerated expenses, and new strategic investments. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available
on attractive terms, if at all, when needed, which could be dilutive to shareholders, and our financial condition, results of operations,
business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We have a history of net losses, we may increase expenses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability. 

As
stated above, we have a history of losses. We generated net losses of 33,725,100 for the year ended June 30, 2024. Our ability to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate cashflows from operations and draw down additional long-term
debt from the senior debt provider, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, who has provided a total facility loan of AUD 14,000,000 with
unused facilities as at 30 June 2024 of AUD 8,000,000 and draw down an additional US 6 million of redeemable debentures from the
existing PIPE investors or the executed US 50 million equity line of credit (ELOC) once the Company lodges the registration
statement of the ELOC. The Company has determined that the Company s sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet the Company s
financing requirements for the one year period from the issuance of its consolidated financial statements but there can no assurance these
sources are sufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements in the long term. There can be no
assurance that the steps management is taking will be successful. 

Risks
Related to Our Warrants 

We
may redeem unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to Warrant holders. 

Our
public Warrants are currently exercisable for one share of Ordinary Shares at a price of 11.50 per share. We have the ability to redeem
outstanding Warrants at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the last reported sales price
of Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading
day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to Warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the
Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption rights even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Warrants, as set forth above even if the holders
are otherwise unable to exercise the Warrants. 

Redemption
of the outstanding Warrants could force Warrant holders (i) to exercise their Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when
it may be disadvantageous for them to do so, (ii) to sell their Warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish
to hold their Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption,
we expect would be substantially less than the market value of their Warrants. None of the private placement Warrants will be redeemable
by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

If we choose to exercise this redemption right, warrant holders would be
forced to either exercise their warrants at a time when it may be economically disadvantageous to do so or accept the redemption price,
which could be significantly lower than the market value of the warrants at that time. This could result in warrant holders receiving
less value than they might have otherwise realized had they been able to exercise their warrants at a later date. Additionally, the redemption
of warrants could result in dilution to our existing shareholders and may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 

Item
1b. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
1c. Cybersecurity 

Australian
Oilseeds manages cybersecurity and data protection through a continuously evolving framework, as described in further detail below. The
framework allows us to identify, assess and mitigate the risks we face, and assists us in establishing policies and safeguards to protect
our systems and the information of those we serve. We employ an array of data security technologies, processes, and methods across our
infrastructure to protect systems and sensitive information from unauthorized access. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has
oversight of our cybersecurity program and is responsible for reviewing and assessing the Company s cybersecurity and data protection
policies, procedures and resource commitment, including key risk areas and mitigation strategies. As part of this process, the Audit
Committee receives regular updates from the management team on critical issues related to our information security risks, cybersecurity
strategy, supplier risk and business continuity capabilities. The Company s framework includes an incident management and response
program that continuously monitors the Company s information systems for vulnerabilities, threats and incidents; manages and takes
action to contain incidents that occur; remediates vulnerabilities; and communicates the details of threats and incidents to management.
Pursuant to the Company s incident response plan, any incidents are to be reported by the management team to the Audit Committee,
appropriate government agencies and other authorities, as deemed necessary or appropriate, considering the actual or potential impact,
significance and scope. The Company is not aware of any previous cybersecurity incidents or threats that are reasonably likely to materially
affect its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity
incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of
operations or financial condition. 

Our
cybersecurity program focuses on all areas of our business, including cloud-based environments, devices used by employees and contractors,
facilities, networks, applications, vendors, disaster recovery / business continuity and controls and safeguards enabled through business
processes and tools. We continuously monitor for threats and unauthorized access. We also provide various training programs and tools
to employees so they can avoid risky practices and help us promptly identify potential or actual issues and have incident response procedures,
service tools to log incidents and issues for investigation, and to follow up on matters already reported. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters is at 126 142 Cowcumbla Street, Cootamundra and is owned by the Company. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
may be subject from time to time to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties,
and could result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or relief. 

39 

We
do not currently expect the results of any of these matters to have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows. 

We
intend to recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable, and the amount
of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement
may materially vary from estimates. See Risk Factors Other Risks Any future litigation against us could be costly
and time-consuming to defend. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information for Ordinary Shares and Warrants 

Our
Ordinary Shares is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol COOT . Our Public Warrants, each entitling
the holder to purchase one share of our Ordinary Shares are traded on traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol COOTW . 

Holders
of our Ordinary Shares 

As
of December 3, 2024, there were approximately 20 holders of record of our Ordinary Shares. Certain our Ordinary Shares are held
in street name and, accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing
number. The number of holders of record also does not include beneficial owners of shares that are be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

There
were no purchases of equity securities by the issuer or affiliated purchasers, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Performance
Graph 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and therefore are not required to provide
the information required by paragraph (e) of Item 201 of Regulation S-K. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
August 23, 2023, the Company executed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with AOI, EDOC
and Arena Investors, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the PIPE Investor ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the PIPE Investor agreed to purchase redeemable debentures (the Debentures and warrants
(the Arena Warrants of the Company for the aggregate subscription amount of up to 7,000,000, at and after the Closing.
The Securities Purchase Agreement contemplates funding of the investment (the Investment or the PIPE across
three tranches: 

40 

(i)
the first closing amount of 2,000,000 was be invested in part upon the Closing of the Business Combination, which was the first closing
date of the Investment (the First Closing Date ), in exchange for a Debenture to be issued by the Company for the principal
amount of 2,222,222, reflecting that such Debenture is to be issued with a 10 original issue discount to the face amount thereof; 

(ii)
the second closing amount of 2,500,000 will be invested on the 60 th trading day following the First Registration Statement
Effectiveness Date filed by the Company after the Closing of the Business Combination, which will be the second closing date of the Investment
(the Second Closing Date ), in exchange for a Debenture to be issued by the Company for the principal amount of 2,777,777,
reflecting that such Debenture is to be issued with a 10 original issue discount to the face amount thereof provided that all conditions
to the PIPE Investor s obligation set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Company s obligation
set forth in Section 3.2(b) have been satisfied or waived on or prior to the Second Closing Date and the respective obligations to consummate
the Second Closing shall be contingent on the satisfaction of the following additional conditions, unless the parties mutually agree
to waive any such condition: (1) the 30-Day VWAP of the Ordinary Shares as of the last trading day immediately preceding the 60 th
 calendar day following the First Registration Statement Effectiveness Date is greater than 3.00 per share, and (2) the median
daily turnover of the Ordinary Shares on the Company s principal trading market for the thirty (30) consecutive trading day period
ended as of the last trading day immediately preceding the 60 th calendar day following the First Registration Statement Effectiveness
Date is greater than 200,000; and 

(iii)
the third closing amount of 2,500,000 will be invested on the 60 th trading day following the Second Registration Statement
Effectiveness Date filed by the Company, which will be the third closing date of the Investment (the Third Closing Date ),
in exchange for a Debenture to be issued by the Company for the principal amount of 2,777,777, reflecting that such Debenture is to
be issued with a 10 original issue discount to the face amount thereof provided that all conditions to the PIPE Investor s obligation
set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Company s obligation have been satisfied or waived on or prior to the Third
Closing Date and the respective obligations to consummate the Third Closing shall be contingent on the satisfaction of the following
additional conditions, unless the Parties mutually agree to waive any such condition: (1) the 30-Day VWAP of the Ordinary Shares as of
the last trading day immediately preceding the 60 th calendar day following the Second Registration Statement Effectiveness
Date is greater than 3.00 per share, and (2) the median daily turnover of the Ordinary Shares on the Company s principal trading
market for the thirty (30) consecutive trading day period ended as of the last trading day immediately preceding the 60 th 
calendar day following the Second Registration Statement Effectiveness Date is greater than 200,000. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part
III of this Annual Report. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that appear
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion
of certain risks associated with our business. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. The use of words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, 
 intend, plan, believe, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any
discussion of future operating or financial performance. From time to time, we also may provide forward-looking statements in other materials
we release to the public. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd., we, us, 
 our and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. 

41 

Company
Overview 

The
Company is a Cayman Islands exempted company that, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries, is focused on the manufacture and
sale of chemical free, non-GMO, sustainable edible oils and products derived from oilseeds. The Company believes that transitioning from
a fossil fuel economy to a renewable and chemical free economy is the solution to many health problems the world is facing presently.
To that end, the Company is committed to working with suppliers and customers to eliminate chemicals from the edible oil production and
manufacturing systems to supply quality products such as non-GMO oilseeds and organic and non-organic food-grade oils to customers globally.
Over the past 20 years, Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company AOI has grown to
be the largest cold pressing oil plant in Australia, pressing strictly GMO free conventional and organic oilseeds. 

Business
Combination 

On
March 21, 2024 (the Closing Date ), Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited., a Cayman Islands exempted company Australian
Oilseeds or the Company ), consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022 (as amended on March 31, 2023 and December 7, 2023 (the Business Combination Agreement ),
between the Company, EDOC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company EDOC ), American Physicians LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, in the capacity as the representative, from and after the Closing Date for the shareholders of Purchaser and
the Company (other than the Sellers (as defined below)) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement
(the Purchaser Representative ), AOI Merger Sub, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company Merger Sub ), Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., an Australian proprietary company AOI ),
Gary Seaton, in his capacity as the representative for the Sellers, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination
Agreement (the Seller Representative ), and each of the holders of AOI s outstanding ordinary shares named on Annex
I to the Business Combination Agreement (the Primary Sellers ), as amended from time to time, to include subsequent parties
that execute and deliver to Purchaser, the Company and AOI, a Joinder (the Joining Sellers ), and the holders of AOI s
outstanding ordinary shares who are bound by the provisions of the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to the drag-along rights set
forth in AOI s memorandum and articles of association (the Drag-Along Sellers, and collectively with the Joining
Sellers, the Sellers ). The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement are referred to herein as the
 Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, on the Closing Date, EDOC merged with and into Merger Sub, with EDOC continuing as the surviving
entity (the Merger ), as a result of which, EDOC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and each issued and outstanding
security of EDOC prior to the Closing Date was cancelled in exchange for the receipt of substantially identical securities of the Company.
Also on the Closing Date, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of AOI (the Purchased Shares from the Sellers in exchange for the Company s ordinary shares Company Ordinary Shares par value 0.0001 per share
(the Share Exchange ). More specifically, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, at the effective time of the Business
Combination (the Effective Time ): 

(i) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC pre-transaction privately-held Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary share (the EDOC Ordinary Shares received Company Ordinary Shares, which are listed under the ticker COOT (less 200,000 Class A ordinary shares that
 were forfeited by EDOC back to the Company); 

(ii) 
 Each
 holder of AOI ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Exchange Shares 

(iii) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC s public Class A ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis; 

(iv) 
 EDOC s
 warrants terminated and were exchanged for warrants of the Company (the Warrants ), which Warrants are listed on the
 Nasdaq under COOTW 

42 

(v) 
 Each
 holder of EDOC s rights (the Rights received 1/10 of a Company Ordinary Share for each such Right, as set forth
 herein; 

(vi) 
 EDOC s
 Rights were no longer be traded; 

(vii) 
 EDOC s
 479,000 placement units Placement Units were exchanged for Company Ordinary Shares and Warrants of the Company; and 

(viii) 
 EDOC 
 1,500,000 of convertible promissory notes that were convertible at Closing into Company Ordinary Shares Convertible Shares and warrants Convertible Warrants ). 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, EDOC and/or the Company entered into or amended, as applicable, certain agreements
with their vendors or service providers, including the underwriter in EDOC s IPO, to pay various business combination transaction
expenses otherwise due at Closing, including deferral agreements with vendors or service providers, requiring deferred cash payments
by the registrant to such parties to be satisfied over specified time periods after Closing, and certain other fee modification agreements
with vendors or service providers pursuant to which such parties received newly issued Ordinary Shares at Closing and/or deferred cash
payments (or a combination of both). Pursuant to such agreements, an aggregate of 840,891 Company Ordinary Shares (694,391 to Arc Group
Limited and 146,500 to I-Bankers Securities, Inc.) were issued to such providers. 

In
addition, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company closed the private placement of the Arena Warrants
and Debentures pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between the Company, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries
and Arena Investors, LP (the PIPE Investors and executed the Arena Transaction Documents including the 10 Original Issue
Discount Secured Convertible Debenture, the Arena Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and related documents. 

In
addition, at the Closing, the Company, the Primary Sellers, the Purchaser Representative, the Seller Representative and the Escrow Agent
entered into an escrow agreement (the Subscription Escrow Agreement ), pursuant to which a number of Exchange Shares equal
to 15 of the estimated Exchange Consideration issuable to the Sellers at the Closing (such Exchange Shares, together with any equity
securities paid as dividends or distributions with respect to such shares or into which such shares are exchanged or converted the Escrow
Shares are subject to the restrictions of the Escrow Agreement and shall be held by the Escrow Agent, along with any dividends,
distributions or income thereon (together with the Escrow Shares, the Escrow Property in a segregated account (the Escrow
Account and disbursed in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and the Subscription Escrow Agreement. The Escrow
Shares will be held in the Escrow Account for a period of 12 months after the Closing and shall be the sole and exclusive source of payment
for any post-Closing purchase price adjustment and for any post-closing indemnification claims (other than certain fraud claims and breaches
of AOI and the Sellers fundamental representations, as in the Business Combination Agreement). At the 12-month anniversary of
the Closing, on March 21, 2025, all remaining Escrow Property will be released to the Sellers in accordance with the Business Combination
Agreement. However, the amount of Escrow Property equal to the value of any pending and unresolved claims will remain in the Escrow Account
until finally resolved. 

The
transaction was unanimously approved by the board of directors of EDOC and was approved at the extraordinary general meeting of EDOC s
shareholders held on March 6, 2024 (the Special Meeting ). EDOC s shareholders also voted to approve all other proposals
presented at the Special Meeting. As a result of the Business Combination, AOI and EDOC became wholly-owned direct subsidiaries of the
Company. On March 22, 2024, the Ordinary Shares and public warrants of the Company (the Public Warrants commenced trading
on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbols COOT and COOTW, respectively. 

Key
Components of Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 

Sales
revenue 

Revenues consist of sales of edible
oils, sales of protein meals and tolling revenue from oilseeds crushing activities. The Company s edible oil sales comprise of
two segments: sales of bulk oils to wholesalers who use it as food ingredients or white labeling; sales of packaged oils as the company s
own branding to major supermarket channels. Sales of protein meals are bulk sales and mainly distributed to local farmers and feedlots
as protein supplements. Tolling revenue is the service charge fee of crushing oilseeds to produce edible oils and protein meals. 

43 

Cost
of sales 

Cost of sales consist of costs
directly related to the manufacturing process of edible oils and protein meals. It includes the cost of materials which mainly
consist of the procurement cost of non-GMO canola seeds, canola seeds freight and storage cost from the suppliers, direct labor in
the factory plant, occupancy costs of energy consumption of manufacturing process, depreciation expense of the crushing plant and
relevant equipment and vehicles, and repairs and maintenance. 

General
and Administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel expenses, professional fees, occupancy costs, depreciation expense, insurance
expense, management fees, office expenses, security expenses, travel expenses, staff training expenses, utilities expenses, and subscription
and dues expenses. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses primarily consist of sales directors salaries and supermarket promotion activities. 

Other
income 

Other
income primarily consists of fuel tax credit and recovery cost of freight and overdue interest. 

Recapitalization
expense 

Recapitalization expense consists of the
cost of listing recorded related to the difference in the fair value of the shares issued by the Company, the accounting acquirer, and
the fair value of the SPAC s, the accounting acquiree, and identifiable net assets. 

Finance
expenses 

Finance
expenses consist of interest paid related to bank loan and facility interest, related party loan interest and foreign exchange gain
or loss. 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

This consists of the change in fair value of certain warrant liabilities. 

Results
of Operations 

The following selected consolidated financial data are derived from the audited financial statements of the Company
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, the related notes
and the rest of the section of this Report entitled Key Components of Consolidated Statements of Operations. The historical
results are not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. 

The
following tables set forth our Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the periods presented: 

Year Ended June 30, 2024 Compared
to the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

AUD 
 AUD 

Sales revenue 
 33,727,222 
 29,049,345 
 4,677,877 
 16.1 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (27,810,782 
 (24,062,603 
 (3,748,179 
 15.6 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,916,440 
 4,986,742 
 929,698 
 18.6 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (3,224,843 
 (2,467,432 
 (757,411 
 30.7 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 (412,536 
 - 
 (412,536 
 100.0 
 
 Other income 
 707,911 
 48,273 
 659,638 
 1,366.5 
 
 Operating profit 
 2,986,972 
 2,567,583 
 419,389 
 16.3 
 
 Finance expenses 
 (835,813 
 (612,735 
 (223,078 
 36.4 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 141,874 
 - 
 141,874 
 100.0 
 
 Recapitalization expense 
 (23,210,293 
 - 
 (23,210,293 
 100.0 
 
 (Loss) Profit before income tax 
 (20,917,260 
 1,954,848 
 (22,872,108 
 (1,170.0 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (313,421 
 (109,878 
 (203,543 
 185.2 
 
 (Loss) Profit for the year 
 (21,230,681 
 1,844,970 
 (23,075,651 
 (1,250.7 
 
 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 
 - 
 - 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 
 (21,230,681 
 1,844,970 
 (23,075,651 
 (1,250.7 
 
 (Loss) Profit attributable to: 

Members of the parent entity 
 (21,662,555 
 1,432,693 
 (23,095,248 
 (1,612,0 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 431,874 
 412,277 
 19,597 
 4.8 
 
 Total (Loss) Income 
 (21,230,681 
 1,844,970 
 (23,075,651 
 (1,250,7 
 
 Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to: 

Members of the parent entity 
 (21,662,555 
 1,432,693 
 (23,095,248 
 (1,612,0 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 431,874 
 412,277 
 19,597 
 4.8 
 
 Total 
 (21,230,681 
 1,844,970 
 (23,075,651 
 (1,250.7 

44 

Revenue 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change

Total
 revenue 
 33,727,222 
 29,049,345 
 4,677,877 
 16.1 

Sales
revenue increased by AUD 4.7 million or 16.1 to AUD 33.7 million for the twelve-month period ended on June 30, 2024, compared to AUD 29.0
million for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable market conditions resulting from an increase in the
demand for cold pressed canola oil resulting from the Company s expanded customer contracts. 

The
following table summarizes the Company s revenues disaggregated by product category: 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Wholesale oils 
 11,481,072 
 20,451,942 
 (8,970,870 
 (43.9 
 
 Hype protein meals 
 9,175,505 
 5,577,709 
 3,597,796 
 64.5 
 
 Toll crushing service 
 222,095 
 2,156,827 
 (1,934,732 
 (89.7 
 
 Seeds 
 - 
 664,000 
 (664,000 
 (100.0 
 
 Other sales 
 291,351 
 198,867 
 92,485 
 46.5 
 
 Retail oils 
 12,557,199 
 - 
 12,557,199 
 100.0 
 
 Total revenues 
 33,727,222 
 29,049,345 
 4,677,877 
 16.1 

Wholesale
oils represented 34.0 of our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 70.5 for the year ended June 30, 2023, and
decreased AUD 8,970,870, as compared to the prior year. Retail oils represented 37.2 of our revenue for the year ended June 30,
2024, compared to 0 for the year ended June 30, 2023, and increased AUD 12,557,199, as compared to the prior year. The primary
driver for the revenue decrease in wholesale oils and the revenue increase in retail oils for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared
to the previous year was due to the Company securing two supply contracts to supply 15 Costco Australia stores and 1,111 Woolworth
Supermarkets national stores, Australia s largest supermarket chain. The Company also developed three new SKU to target the
retail consumers from 2024 through integrated marketing campaign with the supermarkets. Hype protein meals for the feed industry
represented 27.2 of our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 19.2 for the year ended June 30, 2023, and increased
AUD 3,597,796 as compared to the prior year. The primary driver for the revenue increase in hype protein meals for the year ended
June 30, 2024, compared to the previous year was the market awareness of the company s high quality and chemical free concept
from local farmers, wholesalers and distributors. 

Toll
crushing service, seeds, and other sales represent a small portion of our revenue. Those categories combined represented 0.7 of the
revenue for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 7.4 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 1,934,732 for the year ended
June 30, 2024, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Cost
of Sales 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Cost of material 
 17,432,898 
 18,710,436 
 (1,277,538 
 (6.8 
 
 Cost of finished goods 
 5,273,627 
 - 
 5,273,627 
 100.0 
 
 Freight and storage 
 2,112,109 
 1,615,464 
 496,644 
 30.7 
 
 Depreciation 
 481,093 
 547,454 
 (66,361 
 (12.1 
 
 Occupancy costs 
 341,790 
 415,436 
 (73,646 
 (17.7 
 
 Labor costs 
 1,917,665 
 2,154,793 
 (237,128 
 (11.0 
 
 Repairs and maintenance 
 251,600 
 619,020 
 (367,420 
 (59.4 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 27,810,782 
 24,062,603 
 3,748,179 
 15.6 

The
cost of sales for the year ended June 30, 2024 was AUD 27.8 million, an increase of AUD 3.7 million, or 15.6 as compared to the
year ended June 30, 2023. The primary reason for the increase was in line with the increase in product sales. The cost component changed as a result of recognizing cost of finished
goods when the oil products were sold in the retail market. The decrease gross margin was mainly due to the development of
 Good Earth Oils branding products in the retail market with support of strong marketing campaign. 

General
and administrative expenses 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

General and administrative expenses 
 3,224,843 
 2,467,432 
 (757,411 
 30.7 

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024, were AUD 3.2 million, an increase of AUD 0.8 million, or 30.7 , compared to the
year ended June 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the fact that the Company consolidated AUD 611,109 relevant costs from EDOC
Acquisition Limited after the completion of business combination on 21 March 2024. 

Marketing
expenses 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Marketing expenses 
 412,536 
 - 
 412,536 
 100.0 

Marketing
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024 were AUD 0.4 million, an increase of AUD 0.4 million, or 100 compared to the year ended
June 30, 2023. This increase was due to the Good Earth Oils Pty Ltd GEO sales team being established and promotion
cost incurred within supermarket chains to increase brand awareness of our chemical free no-GMO edible oils within the consumer
market. 

45 

Other Income 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Other income 
 707,911 
 48,273 
 659,638 
 1,366.5 

Other income for the year ended June 30, 2024 was AUD 0.7 million, an increase
of AUD 0.7 million, or 1,366.5 compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the negotiation to reduce
certain transaction costs payable related to the purchase of EDOC. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrants 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

141,874 

- 

141,874 

100.0 

The
change in the fair value of warrants for the year ended June 30, 2024 was AUD 0.1 million, an increase of AUD 0.1 million, or 100 
as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. The change in Warrant Fair Value was due to the closing of the Business Combination
Agreement, the resulting fluctuations of the share market price, and the issuance of new warrants are part of the Arena securities
purchase agreement. 

Recapitalization
expense 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Recapitalization expense 
 23,210,293 
 - 
 23,210,293 
 100.0 

Recapitalization
expense increased by AUD 23.2 million or 100 to AUD 23.2 million for the twelve-month period ended on June 30, 2024 compared to
AUD 0 for the twelve-month period ended on June 30, 2023, primarily due to the difference in the fair value of the shares issued
by the accounting acquirer and the fair value of the accounting acquiree s identifiable net assets at the close of the Business Combination. 

Finance
expenses 

Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Finance expenses 
 835,813 
 612,735 
 223,078 
 36.4 

Finance
expenses increased by AUD 0.2 million or 36.4 to AUD 0.8 million for the twelve-month period ended on June 30, 2024
compared to AUD 0.6 million for the twelve-month period ended on June 30, 2023, primarily due to the fact that the Company
began to utilize the AUD 8m trade facility provided by Commonwealth Bank of Australia to purchase canola oilseeds from the local
farmers, the amortization of the convertible note discount of AUD 0.1 million and the interest accrual on the promissory notes with American Physicians LLC. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were net proceeds received related to the Business Combination and cash received
from customers. 

We incurred a loss after income tax of AUD 21,230,681 for fiscal year 2024
and incurred profit after tax of AUD 1,844,970 for fiscal year 2023. We were in a net current liability position of AUD 6,965,530 for
the year ended 30 June 2024 and a net current liability position of AUD 678,768 for the year ended 30 June 2023. Net cash outflows from
operating activities were AUD 2,184,930 for fiscal year 2024 and net cash inflows from operating activities were AUD 689,796 for fiscal
year 2023. 

As at 30 June 2024 and 2023, the consolidated entity had cash in hand and
at bank of AUD 514,140 and AUD 121,273, respectively. 

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which
contemplates continuity of normal activities and realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

We conducted a reverse acquisition of EDOC Acquisition Limited ADOC 
through the deSPAC on 21 March 2024, the consolidated entity assumed AUD 5,248,824 of previously unpaid transaction costs charged by service
providers of ADOC , AUD 1,216,928 promissory notes to American Physicians LLC and an AUD 1,533,742 convertible note to PIPE
Investor ARENA as of 30 June 2024. 

In addition to the above unpaid costs incurred by ADOC, we incurred additional
professional costs of AUD 1,031,301 in relation to the NASDAQ listing activities this current year, with the majority of the balances
remaining unpaid as of 30 June 2024. 

Therefore, our ability to continue
its business activities as a going concern is dependent upon us deriving sufficient cash from the business operation and being able
to draw down additional long-term debt from the senior debt provider, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, who has provided a total
facility loan of AUD 14,000,000 with unused facilities as at 30 June 2024 of AUD 8,000,000. In addition, we also have the
ability to draw down an additional US 6 million of redeemable debentures from the existing PIPE investors or the executed
US 50 million equity line of credit (ELOC) once the Company lodges the registration statement of the ELOC. The Company has determined that the Company s sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet the Company s
financing requirements for the one year period from the issuance of its consolidated financial statements. 

The
following table shows the net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) operating activities, net cash and cash equivalents used in
investing activities, and net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities during the periods presented: 

Year
 Ended 

June
 30, 2024 
 June
 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash provided
 by (used in) 
 392,865 
 (353,700 
 
 Operating
 activities 
 (2,184,930 
 689,796 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (3,975,622 
 (2,820,536 
 
 Financing
 Activities 
 6,553,419 
 1,777,040 

Operating
Activities 

As of June 30, 2024, our
net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) operating activities consists of AUD 33,854,067 of cash receipts from customers
and AUD 35,364,877 of payments to suppliers and employees including AUD 3,971,681 of canola seed stock purchase (5,421-ton stock on
hand) for the preparation of the existing crushing plant that was commissioned July 2024. 

By
comparison, the Company s net cash and cash equivalents received in operating activities during the year ended June 2023, consists
primarily of AUD 28,063,458 of cash receipts from customers and AUD 26,711,708 of payments to suppliers and employees. 

Investing
Activities 

Our
investing activities have consisted primarily of property and equipment purchases. 

Net
cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2024, consisted of AUD 3,975,622 of purchased property
and equipment. 

By
comparison, the Company s net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023, consisted
primarily of AUD 2,820,536 of purchased property and equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash flows from financing activities were AUD 1,777,040 for the year ended June 30, 2023, which primarily from related party loan. 

By
comparison, the Company s net cash flows from financing activities was AUD 6,553,419 for the year ended June 30, 2024, which primarily
consisted of AUD 4,000,000 asset financing from Commonwealth Bank of Australia and the net cash inflow of AUD 2,578,062 from the
related party loans. Furthermore, the Company raised up the net cash inflow of USD336,282, which primarily consists of USD 1,000,000 of
convertible note from PIPE Investor Arena and USD 1,926,282 remaining fund in SPAC trust account, but they were partially offset by debenture
issued cost and the payment of transaction costs to various suppliers who provided the listing compliance and underwrite services. Last,
AUD 98,754 was paid for the finance lease. 

Non-IFRS
Financial Measure 

In
addition to providing financial measurements based on IFRS, we provide an additional financial metric that is not prepared in
accordance with IFRS, or non-IFRS financial measure. We use this non-IFRS financial measure, in addition to IFRS financial measures,
to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for financial and operational decision making, for planning
and forecasting purposes, to measure executive compensation, and to evaluate our financial performance. This non-IFRS financial
measure is Adjusted EBITDA, as discussed below. 

46 

We
believe that this non-IFRS financial measure reflects our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis
of trends in the business, as it facilitates comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. We
also believe that this non-IFRS financial measure enables investors to evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same
manner as we do. This non-IFRS financial measure may exclude expenses and gains that may be unusual in nature, infrequent, or not reflective
of our ongoing operating results. 

The
non-IFRS financial measure does not replace the presentation of our IFRS financial measures and should only be used as a supplement to,
not as a substitute for, our financial results presented in accordance with IFRS. 

We
consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our business and a good measure
of our historical operating trends. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates items that we do not consider to be part of our core operations. We define
Adjusted EBITDA as IFRS net loss excluding the following items: interest income; income taxes; depreciation and amortization of tangible
and intangible assets; unit and stock-based compensation; Business Combination transaction expenses; and other non-recurring items that
may arise from time to time. 

The
non-IFRS adjustments, and our basis for excluding them from our non-IFRS financial measure, are outlined below: 

Unit
 and Stock-based compensation Although unit and stock-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation paid
 to our employees, the grant date fair value varies based on the derived stock price at the time of grant, varying valuation methodologies,
 subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types. This makes the comparison of our current financial results to previous and
 future periods difficult to interpret; therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude unit and stock-based compensation from our non-IFRS
 financial measures to highlight the performance of our business and to be consistent with the way many investors evaluate our performance
 and compare our operating results to peer companies. 

Business
 Combination transaction expenses Business Combination transaction expenses represent the expenses incurred solely related
 to the Business Combination, which we completed on March 21, 2024. It primarily includes investment banker fees, legal fees, professional
 fees for accountants, transaction fees, advisory fees, due diligence costs, certain other professional fees, and other direct costs
 associated with strategic activities. These amounts are impacted by the timing of the Business Combination. We exclude Business Combination
 transaction expenses from our non-IFRS financial measures to provide a useful comparison of our operating results to prior periods
 and to our peer companies because such amounts vary significantly based on the magnitude of the Business Combination transaction
 and do not reflect our core operations. 

The
following table reconciles IFRS net profit to Adjusted EBITDA during the periods presented (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended June 30, 2024 
 Year
 Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 Net (Loss)
 Profit 
 (21,230,681 
 1,844,970 
 
 Interest Expense 
 835,813 
 612,735 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 498,566 
 571,899 
 
 Recapitalization expense 
 23,210,293 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (141,874 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 313,421 
 109,878 
 
 Business
 combination transaction expenses 
 611,109 
 404,491 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 4,096,647 
 3,543,973 

47 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments and Liquidity Outlook 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate cashflows from operations and
draw down additional long-term debt from the senior debt provider, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, who has provided a total facility loan
of AUD 14,000,000 with unused facilities as at 30 June 2024 of AUD 8,000,000 and draw down an additional US 6 million of redeemable debentures
from the existing PIPE investors or the executed US 50 million equity line of credit (ELOC) once the Company lodges the registration statement
of the ELOC. The Company has determined that the Company s sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet the Company s financing
requirements for the one year period from the issuance of its consolidated financial statements but there can no assurance these sources
are sufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements in the long term. There can be no assurance
that the steps management is taking will be successful. 

Our
future capital requirements will also depend on additional factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to
support research and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced
product and service offerings, and the cost of any future acquisitions of technology or businesses. In the event that additional
financing is required from outside sources, we may be unable to raise the funds on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Material
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). In preparing our
financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our reported revenue, results
of operations, and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our balance sheet during and as of
the reporting periods. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are necessary because future events and their effects on our results
and the value of our assets cannot be determined with certainty and are based on our historical experience and on other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur or additional information is
obtained, and we may periodically be faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and may not be known
for a prolonged period of time. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

We
believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with the following material accounting policies involve significant judgment and
thus have the most significant potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
generate revenue from the sale of products and services. A description of our revenue recognition policies is included in Note 2, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Although
most of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, certain agreements contain multiple performance obligations or non-standard
terms and conditions. For customer contracts that contain more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction consideration
to each performance obligation based on the relative stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation within the contract. We
rely on either observable standalone sales or an expected cost plus a margin approach to determine the standalone selling price of offerings,
depending on the nature of the performance obligation. 

As
we further discuss in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for contracts with customers entered into during fiscal years 2024 and 2023, revenue
from the sales of our products increased by AUD 4.68 million or 16.1 to AUD 33.73 million for the twelve-month period ended on June 30,
2024 compared to AUD 29.05 million for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to favorable market conditions resulting
from an increase in the demand for cold pressed canola oil. 

48 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Following
the Business Combination, the Company has authorized 555,000,000 shares including 500,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, 50,000,000 Class
B Ordinary Shares, and 5,000,000 Preference Shares, each of par value 0.0001 per share. In addition, the Company has three classes of
warrants i.e. , Public Warrants, Private Warrants and PIPE Warrants) issued and outstanding. 

The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards represent management s best estimates, but these
estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use
different assumptions, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 

Warrant
transactions 

PIPE
Warrants to purchase our Ordinary Shares are accounted for as liability or instruments based on the terms of the warrant agreements.
The warrants issued by us are accounted for as liability instruments under IFRS 9 due to the rights of the grantee to require cash
settlement. 

Private
Warrants and Representative Warrants to purchase units accounted for as liability instruments represent the warrants issued to
significant shareholders and related parties. 

Penny Warrants are a contingently issuable instrument
to issue the Company s shares and are accounted for as a financial liability. 

Public Warrants are accounted for as equity instruments due to our ability to settle the warrants through the issuance
of units. 

In
order to calculate warrant charges, we used the Monte Carlo simulations, which required key inputs including volatility and risk-free
interest rate and certain unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, requiring us to develop our own assumptions.
We estimated the fair value of unvested warrants, considered to be probable to be vesting, at the time. Based on that estimated fair value,
we determined warrant charges, which were recorded as a reduction of the transaction price. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of June 30, 2024, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Instruction 8 to Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description
of recently adopted accounting standards. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description
of certain recently issued accounting standards which may impact our financial statements in future reporting periods. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are exposed to market risk, including changes to interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 

49 

Interest
Rate Sensitivity 

We
had cash and cash equivalents totaling AUD 514,140 and AUD 121,273 as of June 30, 2024, and June 30, 2023, respectively. Cash and cash
equivalents include cash on hand and investments with original maturities of three months or less, are stated at cost, and approximate
fair value. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital, supporting our liquidity requirements, and delivering
competitive returns subject to prevailing market conditions. We were not exposed to material risks due to changes in market interest
rates given the liquidity of the cash and investments with original maturity of three months. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

Although
we are exposed to foreign currency risk from our international operations, we do not consider it to have a material impact. Certain transactions
of the Company and its subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Foreign currency transactions totaled 28,097 for the year ended June 30, 2024, which is up from 0 for the year ended June 30, 2023, each of which were recorded
within finance expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Credit
Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. 

The
Company s cash and cash equivalents are generally held with large financial institutions. Although the Company s deposits
may exceed federally insured limits, the financial institutions that the Company uses have high investment-grade credit ratings and,
as a result, the Company believes that, as of June 30, 2024, its risk relating to deposits exceeding federally insured limits was not
significant. 

The
Company has no significant off-balance sheet risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts, or other hedging arrangements. 

The
Company believes its credit policies are prudent and reflect normal industry terms and business risk. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers and generally requires payment from zero to 90 days from the invoice date with typical terms of
30 days. As of June 30, 2024, three customers accounted for 60.7 of the Company s accounts receivable balance, and three customers
accounted for more than 46 of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of June 30, 2023. 

50 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

INDEX
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BDO Audit Pty Ltd. Brisbane, Australia (PCAOB ID No. 2256) 
 F-1

Consolidated
 Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

51 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Australian
Oilseeds Holdings Ltd 

 Brisbane,
Australia 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd and its subsidiaries (the
 Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
(loss), consolidated statement of changes of equity, and statement of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30,
2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board and interpretations (collectively IFRS ). 

Restatement
to Correct Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the adjustments described in Note 2 that were applied to restate the June 30, 2023 and 2022 consolidated financial
statements which were previously audited by another accounting firm to correct errors. In our opinion, these adjustments are
appropriate and have been properly applied. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

(PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024 

18 November 2024 

F- 1 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024 AND 30 JUNE 2023 

Note 
 2024 
 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 
 
 Income statement abstract 

As Restated 
 
 Sales revenue 
 16 

Cost of sales 
 17 

Gross profit 

General and administrative expenses 
 18 

Selling and marketing expenses 
 19 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 20 

Operating profit 

Finance expenses 
 23 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 28 
 
 - 
 
 Recapitalization expense 
 30 
 
 - 
 
 (Loss) Profit before income tax 

Income tax expense 
 24 

(Loss) Profit for the year 

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total comprehensive (loss) income 

(Loss) Profit attributable to: 

Members of the parent entity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total
(Loss) Income 

Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to: 

Members of the parent entity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total 

Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the parent 

Profit or loss 

Basic (loss) earnings per share (cents) 

Diluted (loss) earnings per share (cents) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 AND 30 JUNE 2023 

Note 
 2024 
 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 

As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 5 

Trade and other receivables 
 6 

Inventories 
 7 

Prepayment of seed purchase 
 10 
 - 

Other current assets 
 10 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Investments in associates 
 22 
 - 

Property, plant and equipment 
 8 

Right-of-use asset 
 15 

Other assets 
 10 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax assets 

- 
 
 Intangible assets 
 9 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Trade and other payables 
 11 

Borrowings 
 12 

Lease liability, current 
 15 

Income Tax liabilities 

- 
 
 Related party loans 
 27 

Convertible note, net of discount 
 12 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liabilities 
 14,28 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note related party, current 
 27 
 
 - 
 
 Employee benefits 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Borrowings 
 12 

Promissory note - related party, non-current 
 27 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability, non-current 
 15 

Related party loans 
 27 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

NET ASSETS 

EQUITY 

Share capital 
 13 

Share premium 
 13 

(Accumulated losses) Retained earnings 

Total (deficit) equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024 AND 30 JUNE 2023 

Non- 

Shares 
 Share 
 Retained 
 controlling 

Note 
 
 Capital 
 Premium 
 Earnings 
 Interests 
 Total 

AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 
 Balance
 on 1 July 2022, recast 

Profit
 attributable to members of the parent entity 

- 
 - 

Balance
 on 30 June 2023, restated 

Balance 

Issuance
 of shares to SPAC shareholders 
 13 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares to SPAC founders 
 13 

Issuance
 of shares in exchange for advisory services 
 13 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of convertible notes 
 13 

- 
 - 

Conversion
of rights 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Recapitalizations
 costs 
 13 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Costs
 attributable to the issuance of shares in connection with the business combination 
 13 

Issuance of convertible note equity component 

Loss
 attributable to members of the parent entity 

- 
 - 

Balance
 on 30 June 2024 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 30 JUNE 2024 AND 30 JUNE 2023 

Note 
 2024 
 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 

Restated 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Receipts from customers 

Payments to suppliers and employees 

Tax Refund received/Income tax paid 

Interest paid 

Net cash provided by/ (used in) operating activities 
 26 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from capital contributed 

- 
 
 Payment of capital raising cost 

- 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

- 

Payment of convertible notes issued cost 

) 

- 

Proceeds from related parties loans 

Proceeds from secured borrowings 

Repayment of related parties loans 
 
 - 

Repayment of secured borrowings 

Repayment of lease liability 

Net cash provided by/ (used in) financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents held 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year 
 5 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LTD. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, plus (or minus, if negative)
(ii) AOI s net working capital less a target net working capital of USD , minus (iii) the aggregate amount of any outstanding
indebtedness, net of cash and cash equivalents, of AOI and its subsidiaries, and minus (iv) the amount of any unpaid transaction expenses
of AOI, with each Pubco ordinary share issued to the sellers valued at USD . 

The
Merger was consummated on March 21, 2024, and the Share Exchange and Business Combination were consummated on the Closing Date. Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, upon the consummation of the Business Combination at the effective time of the Business Combination
(the Effective Time ): 

each
 holder of EDOC pre-transaction privately-held Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary share (the EDOC Ordinary Shares received a number of Company Ordinary Shares, which are listed under the ticker COOT (less Class A ordinary
 shares that were forfeited to the Company; 

each
 holder of AOI ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Exchange Shares 

each
 holder of EDOC s public Class A ordinary shares received Company Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis; 

EDOC s
 warrants terminated and were exchanged for warrants of the Company (the Warrants ), which Warrants are listed on the
 Nasdaq under COOTW 

each
 holder of EDOC s rights (the Rights received 1/10 of a Company Ordinary Share for each such Right, as set forth
 herein; 

EDOC s
 Rights will no longer be traded 

EDOC s
 placement units Placement Units were exchanged for Company Ordinary Shares and Warrants of the Company; and 

EDOC s
 USD of convertible promissory notes that were convertible at Closing into Company Ordinary Shares Convertible Shares and warrants Convertible Warrants ). 

On
March 22, 2024, the Ordinary Shares and PubCo Warrants commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the
symbols COOT and COOTW, respectively. 

Shares issued to SPAC Founders (Note 13) 
 
 - 

Cash from reverse recapitalization 

SPAC reverse recapitalization professional fees 

Net proceeds from reverse recapitalization 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the SPAC does not meet the definition of a business under the guidance of IFRS 3, hence the Transaction
was accounted for as a recapitalization in accordance with IFRS 2. Under this method of accounting, EDOC is treated as the acquired company
and Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. is treated as the acquirer for financial statement reporting purposes. Australian Oilseeds
Investments Pty Ltd. has been determined to be the accounting acquirer based on evaluation of the facts and circumstances of the business
combination. 

Entities
involved in SPAC mergers need to determine which entity is the predecessor whose financial statements will become the historical financial
statements of the combined company. The determination of which entity is the predecessor and successor in the merger transaction is separate
from the determination of which entity is the accounting acquirer. Regulation C, Rule 405 defines a predecessor as a person the
major portion of the business and assets of which another person acquired in a single succession, or in a series of related successions
in each of which the acquiring person acquired the major portion of the business and assets of the acquired person . SPACs
are blank-check companies whose sole purpose is to acquire a target or targets with the capital raised from their IPO. Given that EDOC
did not have any significant activities, EDOC s own operations before the succession are insignificant relative to the operations
of AOI. For example, EDOC s financial statements do not report any significant revenues other than investment income on assets
held in trust. Additionally, AOI s total assets of approximately AUD million at closing, March 21, 2024, were significantly
greater than EDOC s total assets of approximately AUD million, excluding the Trust account. Lastly, AOI management s
team has continued as the management of the combined entities. As such, AOI was considered the predecessor entity for purposes of these
financial statements. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the merged company will represent a continuation of the financial statements of Australian Oilseeds
Investments Pty Ltd., the principles and guidance on the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements will be
applied as follows: 

A
 share based payment transaction arises whereby Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. is
 deemed to have issued shares in exchange for the net assets of EDOC (together with the listing
 status of Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd). The listing status does not qualify for
 recognition as an intangible asset and the relevant costs will therefore be expensed as a
 listing expense. 

The
 equity structure (the number and type of equity instruments issued) will reflect the equity
 structure of Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., including the equity instruments issued
 to affect the acquisition. 

Accumulated
 losses and other equity balances carried forward at acquisition date will be of Australian
 Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. 

The business combination agreement was an extraordinary
transaction that was signed in 2022 as part of the SPAC and listing procedures that closed in FY 2024, there were
no similar transactions or impact of this transaction incurred in the financial period ended as of 30 June 2024. 

Prepayment of seed purchase 

Tax assets 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 
 - 

Total non-current assets 

Accounts receivable 

Total assets 

Trade and other payables 

Lease liability, current 
 - 

Related party loans 

Total
 current liabilities (1) 

Lease liability, non-current 
 - 

Related party loans 

Total
non-current liabilities (1) 

Other assets 

Total liabilities 

Retained earnings 

Retained earnings attributable to members of the parent entity 

Total equity attributable
 to equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

(1) 

Statement of Financial Position as of June 30, 2022 
 As Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Restated 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Retained earnings attributable to members of the parent entity 

The
impact of the restatements on the line items within the previously reported Audited Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, previously filed in the Original Report is as follows: 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for
 the year ended June 30, 2023 
 As Previously 
 Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Restated 
 
 Cost of goods sold (2) 

Gross profit 

General and administrative expenses (3) 

Finance expenses 

Occupancy costs (1) 

- 
 
 Employee benefits expense (1) 

- 
 
 Depreciation (1) 

- 
 
 Profit before income tax 

Profit from continuing operations 

Profit attributable to: 

Members of the parent entity 

Non-controlling interest 

(1) 
 
 (2) of depreciation, of occupancy costs, and of employee benefits
 expense reclassified to conform to the presentation in the current period. 
 
 (3) of depreciation and of employee benefits expense reclassified to conform
 to the presentation in the current period. 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended June 30, 2022 
 As Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Restated 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

The
impact of the restatements on the line items within the previously reported Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for
the year ended June 30, 2023, previously filed in the Original Report is as follows: 

Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 As Previously Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Restated 
 
 Retained earnings, balance at 1 July 2022 

Profit attributable to members of the parent entity, retained earnings 

Retained earnings, balance at 30 June 2023 

Non-controlling interests 

Non-controlling interests, balance at 30 June 2023 

Total equity, balance at 1 July 2022 

Profit attributable to members of the parent entity, total equity 

Total equity, balance at 30 June 2023 

owned by the Company and which wholly owns Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd., which is incorporated in Australia; and EDOC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

The
Company s financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as of June 30, each year. Subsidiaries
are consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the date on which the Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated
until the date that control ceases. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting year as the parent Company,
using consistent accounting policies. Intra-company balances and transactions, including unrealized profits arising from intra-company transactions,
have been eliminated. Unrealized losses are eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries that is not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Parent shareholders. 

Control
is achieved when the Company is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Company controls an investee if and only if
the Company has: 

Power
 over the investee i.e. , existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee), 

Exposure,
 or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and 

The
 ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns. 

Generally,
there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. To support this presumption and when the Company has less than
a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether
it has power over an investee, including: 

The
 contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee 

Rights
 arising from other contractual arrangements 

The
 Company s voting rights and potential voting rights 

The
Company re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more
of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Company
gains control until the date the Company ceases to control the subsidiary. 

A
change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. 

If
the Company loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, non-controlling interests
and other components of equity, while any resultant gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. Any investment retained is recognized
at fair value. 

Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. 

Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd. 

Good Earth Oils Pty Ltd. 

EDOC Acquisition Limited 

The
carrying amount of the Company s investment in the subsidiary and the equity of the subsidiary is eliminated on consolidation. 

for fiscal year 2024 and for fiscal year 2023 incurred profit of AUD .
The Company was in a net current liability position of AUD 
as at 30 June 2024 and a net current liability position of AUD 
as at 30 June 2023. Net cash outflows from operating activities were AUD 
for fiscal year 2024 and net cash inflows from operating activities were AUD 
for fiscal year 2023. 

As at 30 June 2024 and 2023, the consolidated entity had cash in hand and
at bank of AUD and AUD , respectively. 

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which
contemplates continuity of normal activities and realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company conducted a reverse acquisition of EDOC where the Company became a public company by merging with a SPAC (the deSPAC on 21 March 2024, the consolidated entity assumed AUD of previously unpaid transaction costs charged by service providers of
EDOC, AUD promissory notes to American Physicians LLC and an AUD convertible note to PIPE Investor ARENA as of 30
June 2024. 

In addition to the above unpaid costs incurred by EDOC, the Company incurred
additional professional costs of AUD in relation to the NASDAQ listing activities this current year, with the majority of the
balances remaining unpaid as of 30 June 2024. 

Therefore, the Company s
ability to continue its business activities as a going concern is dependent upon the Company deriving sufficient cash from the
business operation and being able to draw down additional long-term debt from the senior debt provider, Commonwealth Bank of
Australia, who has provided a total facility loan of AUD 
with unused facilities as at 30 June 2024 of AUD which is repayable on demand.
 In addition, the Company also has the ability to draw down an additional US 
million of redeemable debentures from the existing PIPE investors or executing a US 
million equity line of credit (ELOC) once the Company lodges the registration statement of the ELOC. 

Accordingly, the directors have prepared the financial statements on a
going concern basis. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has incurred operating loss and negative cash flows from operating activities in fiscal year 2024. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Wholesale
revenue 

Revenue
from sales made to wholesale customers is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being the point in time when 1) the goods
have been shipped to the wholesaler and 2) the wholesaler has full discretion over the subsequent distribution of the goods and the price
at which the goods are sold. Based on the terms of the contract, at the time the goods are shipped, the wholesaler is deemed to have
accepted the products and therefore assumes any related inventory risk e.g. , obsolescence or other loss). 

On
delivery of the goods to the wholesaler i.e. , when they are shipped), the Company recognises a receivable as this represents
the point in time at which the Company s right to consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required
before payment is due. 

With
regard to related party sales, revenue is not recognized by the Company, as seller, when purchased by Energreen. The Company s
accounting policy with regards to these resales by Energreen is to only recognize the sales when Energreen Nutrition contracts to sell the product
to a third party. With regard to related party sales, Energreen acts as the sales agent and the transaction is back-to-back nature
which the Company only recognized the sales when Energreen Nutrition resells the product to a third party. 

Plant and Equipment 
 to 
 
 Motor Vehicles 
 to 
 
 Office Equipment 
 to 

At
the end of each annual reporting period, the depreciation method, useful life and residual value of each asset is reviewed. Any revisions
are accounted for prospectively as a change in estimate. 

Concentration
of Key Customers 

A
substantial portion of the Company s products are sold to its top five customers. For the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, 
and , respectively, of total sales by the Company were to its top five customers. The Company s top three customers accounted
for 
and of total sales for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s top five customers (and top three) for
the year end June 30, 2024 and 2023, along with the total sales from each customer, are summarized in the following tables: 

Costco
 Wholesale Australia 

Energreen
 Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 - 
 
 Hygain
 NSW (Proprietary) Ltd. 

100 
 Bottling Company Pty Ltd. 
 
 - 

Total Sales 
 Outstanding Balance of Trade Receivables 
 
 Customer 
 Total Sales
 for the Year Ended 
 30 June 2023 AUD 
 Outstanding 
 Balance of Trade Receivables as at 30 June 2023 AUD 
 
 100 Bottling Company Pty Ltd. 

Hygain NSW (Proprietary) Ltd. 

Good Earth Oils Pty Ltd. 

Pryde s EasiFeed Pty Ltd. 

Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. 
 
 - 

If
the sales performance of any of the Company s key customers declines or if they terminate their cooperation with us or start to cooperate
with any of the Company s competitors, or if there is any modification as to the sales and purchase terms entered into with any of
our key customers, our business, financial condition and revenue would be seriously impacted. 

Impairment
of financial assets 

Impairment
of financial assets is recognised on an expected credit loss (ECL) basis for the following assets: 

financial
 assets measured at amortised cost; and 

debt
 investments measured at FVOCI. 

When
determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating ECL,
the Company considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes
both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the Company s historical experience and informed credit assessment
and including forward-looking information. 

The
Company uses the presumption that an asset which is more than 30 days past due has seen a significant increase in credit risk. 

The
Company uses the presumption that a financial asset is in default when: 

the
 other party is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Company in full, without recourse to the Company to actions such as realising
 security (if any is held); or 

the
 financial assets is more than 90 days past due. 

Credit
losses are measured as the present value of the difference between the cash flows due to the Company in accordance with the contract and
the cash flows expected to be received. This is applied using a probability weighted approach. 

Trade
receivables and contract assets 

Impairment
of trade receivables and contract assets have been determined using the simplified approach in IFRS 9 which uses an estimation of lifetime
expected credit losses. The Company has determined the probability of non-payment of the receivable and contract assets and multiplied this
by the amount of the expected loss arising from default. 

The
amount of the impairment is recorded in a separate allowance account with the loss being recognised in finance expense. Once the receivable
is determined to be uncollectable then the gross carrying amount is written off against the associated allowance. 

Where
the Company renegotiates the terms of trade receivables due from certain customers, the new expected cash flows are discounted at the original
effective interest rate and any resulting difference to the carrying value is recognised in profit or loss. 

Other
financial assets measured at amortised cost 

Impairment
of other financial assets measured at amortised cost are determined using the expected credit loss model in IFRS 9. On initial recognition
of the asset, an estimate of the expected credit losses for the next 12 months is recognised. Where the asset has experienced significant
increase in credit risk then the lifetime losses are estimated and recognised. 

Financial
liabilities 

The
Company measures all financial liabilities initially at fair value less transaction costs, subsequently financial liabilities are measured
at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. 

The
financial liabilities of the Company comprise trade payables, bank and other loans and lease liabilities. 

interest will depend on the method adopted in measuring the aforementioned non-controlling interest. The Company can elect to
measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value (full goodwill method or at the non-controlling
interest s proportionate share of the subsidiary s identifiable net assets (proportionate interest method ). The
Company determines which method to adopt for each acquisition. 

Under
the full goodwill method , the fair values of the non-controlling interests are determined using valuation techniques which
make the maximum use of market information where available. 

Goodwill
on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill on acquisition of associates is included in investments in
associates. 

Goodwill
is not amortised but is tested for impairment annually at the end of financial year and is allocated to the Company s cash
generating units or groups of cash generating units, which represent the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored but where such
a level is not larger than an operating segment. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of
goodwill related to the entity sold. 

Private Warrants and Representative s Warrants issued in connection with its Initial Public
Offering as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with IAS 32 and IFRS 9. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments
as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of profit or loss.
The fair value of warrants issued by the Company in connection with the Public Offering and Private Placement has been estimated using
Monte-Carlo simulations at each measurement date. 

The
Company accounts for its Warrants issued in connection with the issuance of the convertible debenture as derivative warrant liabilities
in accordance with IAS 32 IFRS 9. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts
the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until
exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statements of profit or loss. 

Total
cash and cash equivalents 

Trade receivables, net (1) 

Total current trade and other receivables 

(1) 
 and AUD 
 at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The
carrying value of trade receivables is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value due to the short-term nature of the balances. 

The
maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivable in the financial statements. 

Expected credit loss for the years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023 was AUD and AUD , respectively. 

Expected loss rate 

- 
 
 ECL allowance 

Finished Goods 

Consumables 

Total inventories 

Total Land 

Buildings 

At cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total buildings 

Total land and buildings 

PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Plant and equipment 

At cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total plant and equipment 

Motor vehicles 

At cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total motor vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Office equipment 

At cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total office equipment 

Total plant and equipment 

Total property, plant and equipment 

(a) 
 Movements in carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment 

- 

Additions 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 - 

Balance
 at the end of the year 

Plant and 
 Motor 
 Office 

Land 
 Buildings 
 Equipment 
 Vehicles 
 Equipment 
 Total 

AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 
 
 Year ended 30 June 2023 

Balance at the beginning of the year, (Restated) 

Additions 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification 
 - 

- 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 - 

Balance at the end of the year 

- 

Total Intangible assets 

Tax prepayment 
 - 

Other current assets 

Total non-financial assets 

2024 
 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 
 
 NON-CURRENT 

Prepayment of equipment 
 
 - 

Prepayment
of seed purchase is the upfront payment for purchasing canola seed for the next six months, it accounts for tonnage of canola seed
held by the third-party suppliers and will be transferred to the Company in a less than six month period. 

Trade payables 

Total trade and other payables 

Trade
and other payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled within 30 days. The carrying value of trade and other
payables is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value due to the short-term nature of the balances. The increase in trade payables from yearend 2024 over 2023 is attributable
to the post-closing of the business combination through which the Company inherited approximately million in accounts payable to
various service providers including investor banker, legal counsels, auditor and accounting advisor. 

million bank facility to fund the expansion of the Cootamundra facility. The Company has deployed the AUD million bank facility as
follows: (i) AUD million was allocated for equipment finance, (ii) AUD 8 million for working capital to purchase canola seed with max
trade advance tenor of 120 days with BBSY plus margin rate per annum, and (iii) AUD million for interest only loan over three years
with interest rate of variable base rate minus a margin of per annum for business growth and working capital related to the crushing
plant s expansion. 

On February 14, 2024, the Company issued a note for
an equipment loan to the Commonwealth Bank of Australia in an aggregate principal amount of AUD (the Secured Bank Loan ).
The note has a term of 60 months and a variable interest rate of . The Secured Bank loan is payable in twenty (20) quarterly payments
of AUD , commencing on May 19, 2024. Commonwealth Bank of Australia, as senior lender, has a total of million secured by first
mortgages over the Company s freehold land and buildings. The financial assets pledged as collateral represent a floating charge and
cannot be disposed of without the consent of the financier. 

Convertible Note 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company closed the private placement, pursuant to the private offering rules
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Arena Warrants and Debentures pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between the Company, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP
(the PIPE Investors and executed the Arena Transaction Documents including the 
Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debenture, the Arena Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and related documents. 

On February 29, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment
No.3 to the Securities Purchase Agreement for the purchase and sale of Debentures and Warrants as described below 

On
the First Closing Date, the Company agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, a 
original issue discount secured convertible debenture issued by the Company in the amount of the First Closing Principal Amount of USD
 
 (the First Closing Debenture ). The First Closing Debenture
shall mature on the date that is eighteen months from the First Closing Date. 

(A) an initial First Closing Reserve Advance shall be released
upon the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(B) a further First Closing Reserve Advance shall be released
upon the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(C) a further First Closing Reserve Advance shall be released
upon the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(D) a further First Closing Reserve Advance shall be released
upon the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); and 

(E) a further First Closing Reserve Advance shall be released
upon the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ). 

The
obligation of the Purchaser to make First Closing Reserve Advances to the Company (a) shall expire at the maturity date of the First
Closing Debenture regardless of whether the Purchaser has made First Closing Reserve Advances in the aggregate amount of the First Closing
Reserve Amount to the Company as of such date; provided further, for the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth herein, the original principal amount of the First Closing Debenture shall be the First Closing Principal Amount i.e. ,
USD ),
however, if the aggregate amount of First Closing Reserve Advances made by the Purchaser to the Company on or prior to the maturity date
of the First Closing Debenture is less than the First Closing Reserve Amount, then, effective as of the maturity date of the First Closing
Debenture, the original principal amount of the First Closing Debenture shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (A) USD 1,000,0000
 minus (B)
the aggregate amount of First Closing Reserve Advances made by the Purchaser to the Company on or prior to the maturity date of the First
Closing Debenture. 

On the Second Closing Date, the Company agrees to sell to
the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, a original issue discount secured convertible debenture issued
by the Company in the amount of the Second Closing Principal Amount of USD (the Second Closing Debenture ), and
on the Third Closing Date, the Company agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, a original
issue discount secured convertible debenture issued by the Company in the amount of the Third Closing Principal Amount of USD 
(the Third Closing Debenture , and together with the First Closing Debenture and the Second Closing Debenture, each as the
same may be amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, a Debenture , and collectively, the Debentures ).
The Second Closing Debenture and the Third Closing Debenture shall mature on the date that is eighteen (18) months from the First Closing
Date. 

Sponsor Escrow Amount 

As an additional condition precedent to the Purchaser s
obligation to consummate the first Closing, on or prior to the First Closing Date, the Company shall cause the Sponsor to fund USD 
in immediately available funds (the Sponsor Escrow Amount into an escrow account designated by the Purchaser subject to
an escrow agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser by and among the Purchaser, the Sponsor and the Sponsor Escrow
Agent (the Sponsor Escrow Agreement ), which Sponsor Escrow Agreement shall provide, among other things, that (i) the Sponsor
Escrow Agent may not disburse any portion of the Sponsor Escrow Amount from the escrow account unless directed to do so by written notice
from the Purchaser to the Sponsor Escrow Agent, (ii) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the First Closing Debenture),
the Purchaser may send notice to the Sponsor Escrow Agent to disburse 100 of the funds then held in the escrow account to the Purchaser,
and upon receipt of such notice the Sponsor Escrow Agent shall disburse 100 of the funds then held in the escrow account to the Purchaser
for the account of the Purchaser, to be applied towards the obligations of the Company then owing to the Purchaser under the Transaction
Documents; and (iii) from time to time during the period beginning from the first Closing until the earlier to occur of an (A) Event of
Default (as defined in the First Closing Debenture), (B) the satisfaction of all of the Company s obligations under the First Closing
Debenture on or before the maturity date of the First Closing Debenture, and (C) the date 100 of the Sponsor Escrow Amount has been disbursed
from the escrow account, upon the conversion by the Purchaser of portions of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture
in the amounts set forth in the schedule below, the Purchaser shall, within five (5) Business Days following the date the Underlying Shares
resulting from the applicable conversion are delivered to the Purchaser in accordance with the terms of the First Closing Debenture, send
written notice to the Sponsor Escrow Agent to disburse to the Sponsor a portion of the Sponsor Escrow Amount in the amount of USD 
(each a Sponsor Disbursement and collectively, the Sponsor Disbursements ): 

(A) an initial Sponsor Disbursement shall be released upon
the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(B) a further Sponsor Disbursement shall be released upon
the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(C) a further Sponsor Disbursement shall be released upon
the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); 

(D) a further Sponsor Disbursement shall be released upon
the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ); and 

(E) a further Sponsor Disbursement shall be released upon
the conversion of USD of the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture (such that following such conversion,
the outstanding principal amount of the First Closing Debenture is USD ). 

Warrants 

As additional consideration for the Purchaser s purchase of Debentures,
the Company shall issue to the Purchaser, simultaneously with the issuance of each Debenture purchased by the Purchaser from the Company
on the applicable Closing Date, a warrant to purchase the Company s Ordinary Shares
(each, as the same may be amended, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, a Warrant , and collectively,
the Warrants ). Each such Warrant shall, among other things, (i) provide for the purchase by the Purchaser of a number of
Ordinary Shares (the Warrant Shares equal to of the total principal amount of the related Debenture purchased by the
Purchaser on the applicable Closing Date hereunder divided by 92.5 of the average of the three (3) lowest daily VWAP of the Ordinary
Shares for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ended on the last Trading Day immediately preceding such Closing Date, subject
to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in such Warrant and be exercisable at the Exercise Price. (Note 1 4) 

Closings 

There may be up to three (3) Closings until such time as
the earlier to occur of (1) subscriptions for the sale of the Debentures hereunder in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Aggregate
Subscription Amount are funded by the Purchaser and (2) the termination of the Agreement. 

Penny Warrants 

The Company agrees that in the event that (i) the
Company fails to transfer all of Energreen s equity interests in CQ Oilseeds to the Company such that CQ Oilseeds becomes a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on or prior to the development and construction of CQ Oilseeds Facility (the
 Facility so that the Facility may be occupied and utilized for its intended use and the first 100 pounds of oil seeds
are processed by the Facility (the Substantial Completion Date ), (ii) the Company fails to achieve the transfer of the
Australian Crushing Plant Lease from Energreen to CQ Oilseeds on or prior to the Substantial Completion Date, (iii) CQ Oilseeds
fails to grant to the Purchaser a first priority security interest in all of its assets, free and clear of all other liens and
encumbrances other than the first priority security interest of the Purchaser pursuant to Australian Oilseeds General Security Deed
and the Australian Leasehold Mortgage on or prior to the Substantial Completion Date, and/or (iv) any of CQ Oilseeds, Energreen, or
the Company fails to comply with, or breaches any of the covenants in any Transaction Document, then (i) the Company shall issue to
the Purchaser a warrant to purchase 
million (10,000,000) Ordinary Shares (the Penny Warrants at an exercise price of USD 
per Ordinary Share. (Note 1 4) 

Convertible note, net of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

(1) outstanding on the equipment finance secured bank loan
and outstanding on the interest only secured bank loan as of June 30, 2024. There was balance outstanding on the working
capital secured bank loan as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

- 
 
 Debt discount (1) , net of amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible Note 
 
 - 

(1) 

Fair value of Ordinary share Warrants 

Fair value of Penny Warrants 

Equity component 

Total debt discount 

Less: amortization 

Debt discount at June 30, 2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total payments outstanding 

Less: accrued interest 

Total equipment finance secured loan outstanding 

shares including Class A Ordinary Shares, Class
B Ordinary Shares, and Preference Shares, each of par value per share. In addition, the Company has three classes of
warrants i.e. , Public Warrants, Private Warrants and PIPE Warrants) issued and outstanding. 

Issuance of shares to SPAC shareholders 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares to SPAC Founders 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion of convertible notes 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares in exchange for advisory services 
 694,391 

Recapitalization costs (Note XX) 

Conversion of rights 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Costs attributable to the issuance of shares in connection with the business combination 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issued Capital 

Share
premium: 

30 June 2024 
 
 30 June 2023 

Share Premium 
 
 Share Premium 

Issuance of shares to AOI shareholders 

Issuance of shares to SPAC shareholders 

- 

Issuance of shares to SPAC Founders 

- 

Conversion of convertible notes 

- 

Issuance of shares in exchange for advisory services 

- 

Conversion of rights 

- 

Issuance of convertible note equity component 

- 

Recapitalization costs 

- 

Other shares 

- 

Total 

Less: 

Costs attributable to the issuance of shares in connection with the business combination 

- 

Issued Capital 

Private Placement warrants 

Representative warrants 

Arena Ordinary share warrants 

Total warrants 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company did not have any
warrants issued. 

Public,
Private, and Representative Warrants 

As
part of EDOC s IPO, EDOC issued warrants to third-party investors where each whole warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one share of the Company s ordinary shares at an exercise price of USD per share (the Public
Warrants ). Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, EDOC completed the private sale of warrants where each warrant allows
the holder to purchase one share of the Company s ordinary shares at USD per share. Additionally, the Company
issued to the underwriters a warrant Representative s Warrant) to purchase up to Class A ordinary shares stock
at an exercise price of USD per share. 

 These
warrants expire on the fifth anniversary of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation and are exercisable
commencing 30 days after the Business Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances
specified in the warrant agreement) and registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of
the state of residence of the holder. 

The
Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants, and any outstanding Representative s Warrants, and
any warrants underlying units issued to the Sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working
Capital Loans made to the Company), in whole and not in part, at a price of USD per warrant: 

at
 any time while the warrants are exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock
 splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the third trading business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders, and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares underlying
 such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day until
 the date of redemption. 

Arena
Ordinary Share Warrants 

In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company closed the private placement, pursuant to the private offering rules
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Arena Warrants and Debentures pursuant to the
Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between the Company, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP (the
 PIPE Investors and executed the Arena Transaction Documents including the Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible
Debenture, the Arena Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and related documents. The Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Arena Warrants
grant the PIPE Investors the right to purchase the number of Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants equal to of the total principal
amount of the related Debenture purchased by the PIPE Investor on the applicable closing date divided by 92.5 of the average of the three
(3) lowest daily VWAP of the Ordinary Shares for the ten (10) consecutive trading day period ended on the last trading day immediately
preceding such closing date, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in such Arena Warrant be exercisable
at the exercise price set forth in the Arena Warrants, as may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Arena Warrants. 

Penny Warrants 

In connection with the Amendment No. 3 to the Securities
Purchase Agreement the Company agrees that in the event that (w) the Company fails to achieve the transfer of all of Energreen s
equity interests in CQ Oilseeds to the Company such that CQ Oilseeds becomes a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on or prior to the
Substantial Completion Date, (x) the Company fails to achieve the transfer of the Australian Crushing Plant Lease from Energreen to CQ
Oilseeds on or prior to the Substantial Completion Date, (y) CQ Oilseeds fails to grant to the Purchaser a first priority security interest
in all of its assets, free and clear of all other liens and encumbrances other than the first priority security interests of the Purchaser
pursuant to the Australian CQ Oilseeds General Security Deed and the Australian Leasehold Mortgage on or prior to the Substantial Completion
Date, on or prior to the Substantial Completion Date, and/or (z) any of CQ Oilseeds, Energreen, the Company or the Company fails to comply
with, or breaches any of the covenants in any Transaction Document, then (i) the Company shall issue to the 

Less accumulated amortisation 

Total 

2024 
 2023 

Restated 
 
 Lease liabilities 

Within
 1 year (Current) 

After
 1 year but within 2 years 

After
 2 years but within 5 years 

After
 5 years 

Non-current 

Total 

Hype protein meals 

Toll crushing service 

Seeds 
 - 

Other sales 

Retail oils 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 

- 
 
 Cost of material 

Direct labor 

Freight and storage 

Depreciation 

Occupancy costs 

Repairs and maintenance 

Total cost of sales 

Employee costs 

Insurance 

Other expenses 

Management fee 

Expected credit losses 

Travel expenses 

Depreciation 

Technology costs 

Occupancy costs 

Security 

Utilities 

Total general and administrative expenses 

- 
 
 Advertising and marketing expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total selling and marketing expenses 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Other income 

Total other income 

(1) 
 (Note 31), printer fees of AUD , and
 consultant fees of AUD . 

Post-employment benefits 

Key management personnel 

Good
Earth Oils Pty Ltd., 

Good
Earth Oils Pty Ltd is a sales and marketing company who promote editable oils to Australian local market through local supermarket retail
chains. Its product range branding canola oils and vegetable oils under its unique branding Cold Pressed No GMO mostly
sourced from the company group. The Company was acquired in July 2023. 

- 
 
 Interest expense 

Total finance expenses 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense 

(a) Reconciliation
 of income tax to accounting profit: 

Tax 

Income tax benefit computed at the statutory tax rate 

Less: 

Tax offset of Research Development incentive 
 - 

Tax adjustment of transaction cost to be amortized over the time 
 
 - 
 
 Recoupment of prior year tax losses not previously brought to account 

Income tax expense 

(b) 
 Diluted earnings per share 

2024 
 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 
 
 Total diluted (loss) earnings per share attributable to the ordinary
 equity holders of the company 

(c) 
 Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating basic earnings per share 

Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amounts uncalled on partly paid shares and calls in arrears 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share 

(b) 
 Reconciliation of result
for the year to cashflows from operating activities 

Reconciliation
of net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Non-cash flows in profit: 

gain on forgiveness of payables 

depreciation 

Recapitalization expense 
 
 - 
 
 change in fair value of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables 

(increase)/decrease in prepayment of seed purchase 

(increase)/decrease in other assets 

(increase)/decrease in inventories 

increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables (1) 

increase/(decrease) in provisions 

Cash flows from operations 

(1) 

Non-cash
investing and financing activities were as follows: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment in trade payables 

Accrued expenses and warrant liabilities assumed upon closing of the merger with EDOC 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note related party assumed upon closing of the merger with EDOC 
 
 - 

per annum. to be repaid within 12 months after the year end, and the remaining principal shall be repaid more than 12 months after the
year end. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 a related party loan is owed to Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd., which is controlled by
Gary Seaton, and interest rate charge is 
per annum and expected to be repaid in full within 12 months after the year end. 

Soon Soon Oilmills Sdn Bhd. 
 - 

- 

Sunmania Pty Ltd. 

- 

- 

Purchases of Seed 
 for the Year Ended 30 
June 2023 
 Sales of Oil and Meals 
 for the Year Ended 30 
June 2023 
 
 Management Fee for the Year Ended 30 June 2023 

AUD 
 AUD 

Related parties 

Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. 

Good Earths Oils 
 - 

- 

Sunmania Pty Ltd. 

104,000 

- 

- 

(a) Loans to/from related parties 

- 

JSKS
 Enterprises Pty Ltd. Loan 
 
 (1) (1) 

CQ
 Oilseeds Pty Ltd. loan 

Sunmania
 Pty Ltd loan 

Less:
 Origin Food loan receivable 
 
 - 

Total
 due to related parties 

American
 Physicians LLC promissory note (2) 

Energreen
 Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. accounts payable 
 
 - 

(1) 
 of accrued interest. 

(2) 
 Includes of accrued interest. 

Current 
 Non-current 
 Total
 principal 

Balance 

as
 of 30 June 2023 

Current 
 Non-current 
 Total
 principal 

AUD 
 AUD 
 AUD 

Due
 to related parties 

Energreen
 Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. loan 
 
 - 

Good
 Earth Oils Pty Ltd. loan 
 
 - 

JSKS
 Enterprises Pty Ltd. Loan 
 
 (1) (1) 

CQ
 Oilseeds Pty Ltd. loan 
 
 - 

Sunmania
 Pty Ltd loan 
 - 

Total
 due to related parties 

Good
 Earth Oils Pty Ltd. accounts payable 
 
 - 

Energreen
 Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. accounts payable 
 
 - 

Due
from related parties 

Good
 Earth Oils Pty Ltd. accounts receivable 
 
 - 

(1) 
 of accrued interest. 

Interest paid to Energreen Nutrition Australia
Pty Ltd. was AUD and AUD for June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Promissory
Notes 

On
March 21, 2024, the Company issued two promissory notes in the principal amounts of USD (the First Promissory Note and USD (the Second Promissory Note to American Physicians, LLC. 

The
First Promissory Note accrues interest on the principal outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum equal to term SOFR for the
interest period commencing on March 21, 2024. Interest shall be calculated on the basis on a 360-day year and actual days elapsed. The
First Promissory Note principal and accrued interest are due and payable as follows: 

(i)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on September 21, 2024; 

(ii)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on December 21, 2024; 

(iii)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on March 21, 2025; 

(iv)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on June 21, 2025. 

As
of June 30, 2024, there was AUD (USD outstanding under the First Promissory Note. As of June 30, 2023, there was nothing
outstanding under the First Promissory Note. 

The
Second Promissory Note accrues interest on the principal outstanding from time to time at a rate per annum equal to term SOFR for the
interest period commencing on March 21, 2024. Interest shall be calculated on the basis on a 360-day year and actual days elapsed. The
Second Promissory Note principal and accrued interest are due and payable as follows: 

(i)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on June 21, 2025; 

(ii)
USD plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on September 21, 2025; 

(iii)
Remaining balance plus any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid on December 21, 2025. 

As
of June 30, 2024, there was AUD (USD outstanding under the Second Promissory Note. As of June 30, 2023, there was nothing
outstanding under the Second Promissory Note. 

Accrued interest on the First Promissory Note and
the Second Promissory Note was AUD as of June 30, 2024. 

(d)
Superannuation contributions 

- 
 
 Warrant liability Penny Warrants 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability Arena Ordinary Share Warrants 
 3 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

The
Private Warrants, Representative s Warrants, Penny Warrants, and Arena Ordinary Share Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and
are measured at fair value as of each reporting period. Changes in the fair value of the Warrants are recorded in the statements of
operations for each period. 

The
Private Warrants, Representative Warrants, Penny Warrants, and Arena Ordinary Share Warrants were valued using a Montel Carlo
simulation model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. Inherent in an options pricing model are assumptions
related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the
volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The
risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the
expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining
contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 

There
were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the period ended June 30, 2024. 

. 

 Schedule
of Fair Value Measurements for Private Warrants 

June 30, 

2024 

USD 
 
 Exercise price 

Share price 

Volatility 

Expected life 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 
 - 

92.5 
 of average lowest daily VWAP during the 10 preceding trading days 
 92.5 
 of average lowest daily VWAP during the 10 preceding trading days 
 
 Share price 

Volatility 

Expected life 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 

Change in fair value 

() 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

and AUD ,
respectively. Management closely monitors the effects of changes in the interest rates on the Company s interest rate risk
exposures, but the Company currently does not take any measures to hedge interest rate risks. Interest rate risk associated with
these loans is limited given their short-term duration. 

The
table below shows the estimated effect on profit or loss and equity of a parallel shift of the interest rate curves up or down by one
percent on loans without fixed interest rates. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates,
remain constant. The calculation considers the effect of financial instruments with variable interest rates.
The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024 and 2023. 

+/- 

Credit
risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. 

The
Company s cash and cash equivalents are generally held with large financial institutions. Although the Company s deposits
may exceed federally insured limits, the financial institutions that the Company uses have high investment-grade credit ratings and,
as a result, the Company believes that, as of June 30, 2024, its risk relating to deposits exceeding federally insured limits was not
significant. 

The
Company has no significant off-balance sheet risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts, or other hedging arrangements. 

The
Company believes its credit policies are prudent and reflect normal industry terms and business risk. The Company generally does not
require collateral from its customers and generally requires payment from zero to 90 days from the invoice date with typical terms of
30 days. As of June 30, 2024, three customers accounted for of the Company s accounts receivable balance, and three customers
accounted for more than of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of June 30, 2023. 

Foreign
currency risk 

Although
the Company is exposed to foreign currency risk from its international operations, the Company does not consider it to have a material
impact. Certain transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Foreign
currency transactions totaled for the year ended June 30, 2024, which is up from for the year ended June 30, 2023, each of
which were recorded within finance expense. 

Liquidity
risk 

The
Company limits its liquidity risk primarily from the funds generated from operations to settle supplier dues and provide the Company with
sufficient funds to enable it to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. 

Promissory notes 

- 

- 

- 

Secured borrowings 

- 

- 

Income tax payable 

- 

Trade and other payables 
 - 

Amount due to related parties 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 

June 30, 2023 

Lease liabilities 
 - 

Secured borrowings 

- 

- 

Trade and other payables 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Amount due to related parties 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 - 
 
 Founder shareholders and other advisors 
 
 - 
 
 Total shares issued to SPAC 
 
 - 
 
 Diluted share price at Closing Date 
 
 - 
 
 Total value transferred to the SPAC 
 - 

Recapitalization costs 
 - 

of the Owed Amounts were paid to IBS at the closing of the Business Combination directly
 out of the Trust Account. 
 
 (b) The
 remaining balance owed of USD is to be paid after the closing of the Business Combination
 in up to three separate tranches Deferred Cash Payment Obligations ). . The balance
 is due at the Company s discretion but at no time later than 16-months post Business
 Combination. The full amount of USD shall be paid in full regardless of Arena PIPE
 funding and by no later than sixteen (16) months post-closing. 
 
 (c) Deferred
 Cash Payment Obligations shall be accelerated in the event the Company issues debt, equity,
 or other equity-linked securities in one or more public or private offerings Capital
 Event ). Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event the Company shall pay from the Proceeds
 of the applicable capital sources within no more than three (3) business days following the
 consummation of such Capital Event of at least twenty percent (20 of the Proceeds, up to
 the amount of any then-outstanding Deferred Cash Payment Obligations. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company has paid USD 
of the Owed Amounts to IBS and AUD is outstanding and recorded in trade and other payables in the accompanying statement of financial
position. 

In
June 2024, the Company entered into a payment agreement with Ellenoff Grossman Schole LLP EGS related to the
fees owed to EGS at the closing of the Business Combination for which EGS provided legal representation to EDOC regarding the
Business Combination. Pursuant to the agreement, the EGS agreed to reduce the amount owed by the Company by USD to USD 
to be paid in payments beginning in June 2024 and ending in December 2025. The Company agreed to pay monthly payments of USD 
per month, with the exception of a payment of USD 
in December 2024 and December 2025. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company has paid USD 
to EGS and AUD is outstanding and recorded in trade and other payable in the accompanying consolidated statement
of financial position. 

The
following information has been extracted from the books and records of the parent, Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. and has been
prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 

The
financial information for the parent entity, Australian Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
financial statements except as disclosed below. 

Investments
in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures 

Investments
in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities are accounted for at cost in the consolidated financial statements of the parent
entity. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the parent entity profit or loss, rather than being deducted from the carrying
amount of these investments. 

Non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Equity 

Issued capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Equity 

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 

Total (loss) profit or loss for the year 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 

F- 30 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

This
annual report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission for newly public companies. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close
of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close
of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close
of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close
of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close
of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

52 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

Index
 to Financial Statements 
 Page 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Positions 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

These
exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference into this Report. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022, by and among EDOC Acquisition Corp., American Physicians LLC, Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, upon execution of a joinder agreement to become party thereto, AOI Merger Sub, upon execution of a joinder to become party thereto, Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd., Gary Seaton, in the capacity thereunder as the Seller Representative, and the shareholders of AOI named as Sellers therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among EDOC Acquisition Corp., American Physicians LLC, Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited and AOI Merger Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among EDOC Acquisition Corp., American Physicians LLC, Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited and AOI Merger Sub (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2023). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 21, 2024 between AOI Merger Sub Inc. and Edoc Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Annex C to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited dated March 21, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s securities. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, by and between Edoc Acquisition Corp and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Edoc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2023 between Pubco, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2023). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 4, 2023 between Pubco, AOI, EDOC, certain AOI subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7, 2023). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of March 5, 2024 by and between Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, LTD on behalf of and for the account of Segregated Portfolio #6 SPC #6 and Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Deed of Guarantee and Indemnity for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd, Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd, Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd, CQ Oilseeds Pty Ltd, and Good Earth Oils Pty Ltd dated March 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 General Security Deed for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd, Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. dated March 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Mortgage Term Deed for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Payment Directions Deed for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd, and Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd. dated March 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 

53 

10.8 
 
 Subordination Deed for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. and Energreen Nutrition Australia Pty Ltd. dated March 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Subordination Deed for the benefit of Arena Investors LP by Australian Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. and JSKS Enterprises Pty Ltd. dated March 22, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited s Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 27, 2024). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, by and between EDOCs, the initial security holders and the officers and directors of the EDOCs (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited Equity Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Annex D to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.21 to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Form of Restricted Stock Unit Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.22 to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Form of Stock Option Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.23 to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Form of Share Appreciation Right Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.24 to the proxy statement/prospectus to Amendment No. 3 the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File. No. 333-274552) of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2024). 
 
 10.16+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Gary Seaton as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 
 
 10.17+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Bob Wu as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of EDOC s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), executed by Gary Seaton, Chief Executive Officer of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited, and by Bob Wu, Chief Financial Officer of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited. 
 
 97.1 
 
 Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited Clawback Policy 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Schedules
and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy
of any omitted schedule of exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

+
Management or compensatory agreement or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

December 3,
2024 

Australian
 Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. 

/s/
 Gary Seaton 

Name: 
 Gary
Seaton 

Title: 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gary Seaton 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 December 3, 2024 
 
 Jeffrey
 Yu, MD 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Bob Wu 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 December 3,
 2024 
 
 Bob
 Wu 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Gowri Shankar 
 
 Director 
 
 December 3,
 2024 
 
 Gowri
 Shankar 

/s/
 Menaka Athukorala 
 
 Director 
 
 December 3,
 2024 
 
 Menaka
 Athukorala 

/s/
 Kapil Singh 
 
 Director 
 
 December 3,
 2024 
 
 Kapil
 Singh 

/s/
 Kevin Chen 
 
 Director 
 
 December 3,
 2024 
 
 Kevin
 Chen 

55 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Australian
Oilseeds Holdings Ltd. we, us, our, or the Company has two classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share Ordinary Shares ), and warrants, each whole warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Ordinary
Shares at an exercise price of 11.50 (the Warrants ). The following summary of the material terms of the Company s
securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. We urge you to read our Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of Company s
securities as well as the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Island, as amended (the Cayman Act ). 

Defined
terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 

General 

The
rights of Australian Oilseeds shareholders are governed by Cayman Act, Australian Oilseeds Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Incorporation. The following description of the terms of the Australian Oilseeds capital stock is not complete and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Cayman Act as well as the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part (the Annual
Report ). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning as set forth in the Annual Report. 

Authorized
and Outstanding Stock 

Our
authorized capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, is 555,000,000 shares, including 500,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares,
50,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares, and 5,000,000 Preference Shares, each of par value 0.0001 per share. 

Ordinary
Shares 

As
of December 3, 2024, there were 23,224,102 Ordinary Shares outstanding. All Ordinary Shares are fully paid and
non-assessable. 

Voting
rights . Each holder of Ordinary Shares is entitled to one vote for each share of Ordinary Shares held of record by such holder
on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Holders of Ordinary Shares will vote together as a single class on all matters.
Except as expressly required by law, holders of ordinary shares, as such, will not be entitled to vote on any amendment to the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (including any certificate of designation) that relates solely to the rights, powers,
preferences (or the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof). 

Dividend
rights . The holders of Ordinary Shares will be entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions of cash, stock or
property on the Ordinary Shares when, as and if declared by the board of directors in accordance with law. 

Rights
upon liquidation . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, our funds and
assets that may be legally distributed to our shareholders will be distributed among the holders of the then-outstanding Ordinary Shares
 pro rata in accordance with the number of shares held by each such holder. 

Other
rights . The holders of Ordinary Shares have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption
or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Ordinary Shares. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of the Ordinary Shares
will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of the preferred stock we may issue in the future. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares . The authorized but unissued shares of our Ordinary Shares are available for future issuance without shareholder
approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of NASDAQ. These additional shares may be used for a variety of
corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved ordinary
shares and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender
offer, merger or otherwise. 

Shareholder
Action; Special Meetings of Shareholders . The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that shareholders
may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of shareholders. As a result, a holder
controlling a majority of Australian Oilseeds capital stock would not be able to amend our bylaws or remove directors without
holding a meeting of shareholders called in accordance with our bylaws. Further, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association provides that special meetings of our shareholders may be called, for any purpose or purposes, at any time only by or at
the direction of our board of directors, the chairperson of Australian Oilseeds board of directors or the Chief Executive Officer
and will not be called by any other person or persons. These provisions might delay the ability of shareholders to force consideration
of a proposal or for shareholders controlling a majority of Australian Oilseeds capital stock to take any action, including the
removal of directors. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations . In addition, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association established an advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting or special
meeting of shareholders. Generally, in order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, the matter must be
(i) specified in a notice of meeting given by or at the direction of our board of directors, (ii) if not specified in a notice of meeting,
otherwise brought before the meeting by the board of directors, or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder
who (a) was a shareholder on the date of giving the notice, on the record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to
vote at the meeting and at the time of the meeting, (b) entitled to vote at the meeting, and (c) has complied with the advance notice
procedures specified in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or properly made such proposal in accordance
with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, which proposal has been included in the proxy statement
for the annual meeting. Shareholders may not nominate persons for election to our board of directors at any special meeting of shareholders. 

Further,
for business and nominations of persons for election to the board of directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder,
the shareholder must (i) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary and (ii) provide
any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association. 

To
be timely, a shareholder s notice must be received in accordance with an Acceptable Delivery Method not earlier than
the 120th day, and not later than the 90th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders;
provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the annual meeting is called for a date
that is more than 30 days earlier or delayed (other than as a result of adjournment or recess) by more than 60 days later than such anniversary
date, or, if the first public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting,
such shareholders notice must be received no earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the later
of (1) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (2) the 10th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such
annual meeting is first made by the Company (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice ). 

Shareholders
at an annual meeting or special meeting may only consider proposals or nominations properly brought before a meeting of shareholders.
These provisions could have the effect of delaying shareholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
voting securities until the next shareholder meeting. 

Amendment
of Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association . Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
may be amended or repealed by a Special Resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the issued shares of that class present in person
or by proxy. A Special Resolution means the approval of a majority of not less than two-thirds of the Company shareholder entitled to vote. 

Quorum 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, at any meeting of the board of directors, a quorum necessary
for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed, if there be two or more Directors
shall be two, and if there be less than two Directors shall be one. 

No
Cumulative Voting 

Under
Cayman Act, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association expressly
authorizes cumulative voting. The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association does not authorize cumulative voting. 

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide indemnification and advancement of expenses for the directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Cayman Act, subject to certain limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification
agreements with each of our directors and officers. In some cases, the provisions of those indemnification agreements may be broader
than the specific indemnification provisions contained under Cayman Act. In addition, as permitted by Cayman Act, the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages resulting
from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of this provision is to restrict our rights and the rights of our
shareholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director. These provisions
may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. 

Dissenters 
Rights of Appraisal and Payment 

Under
the Cayman Act, with certain exceptions, Australian Oilseeds shareholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger
or consolidation of Australian Oilseeds. Section 238 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act gives shareholders the right to dissent from
a merger or consolidation of a Cayman Islands company and receive the fair value of their shares instead of the merger consideration. 

Shareholders 
Derivative Actions 

Under
the Cayman Act, any of our shareholders may bring an action in the Company s name to procure a judgment in its favor, also known
as a derivative action, provided that the shareholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to
which the action relates. 

Forum
Selection 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the
forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Transfer
Restrictions 

Certain
Sellers entered into a Lock-Up Agreement with regard to the Exchange Shares received by such Seller. These sellers were JSKS Enterprises
Pty Ltd, which entered into a Lock-Up Agreement for 1,936,865 shares (presently, 1,816,865 shares representing 70.35 ), and KGV Global
FZE, which entered into a Lock-Up Agreement for 561,949 shares representing 21.76 of shares at that time (presently, 526,949 shares
representing 20.42 ). In such Lock-Up Agreements, which are identical with regards to terms and duration, each Seller agreed that such
Seller will not, (A) with respect to 50 of such Seller s Exchange Shares, during the period commencing from the Closing and ending
on the earliest of (x) the six (6) month anniversary of the Closing Date, (y) commencing after the three (3) month anniversary of the
Closing, the date on which the closing sale price of the Pubco Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any twenty (20)
trading days within any thirty (30) trading day period commencing after the Closing (or if earlier, the date on which Pubco consummates
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party that results in all of Pubco s
shareholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in Pubco for cash, securities or other property) and (B) and with respect
to the remaining 50 of such Seller s Exchange Shares, during the period commencing from the Closing and ending on the earlier
or the date that is six (6) months after the date of the Closing (or if earlier, the date on which Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party that results in all of Pubco s shareholders having
the right to exchange their equity holdings in Pubco for cash, securities or other property), (i) lend, offer, pledge (except as provided
below), hypothecate, encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or
contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of
such Seller s Exchange Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any
of the economic consequences of ownership of any of such Seller s Exchange Shares, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to
effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii). 

Each
holder also agreed that the Escrow Shares will continue to be subject to such transfer restrictions until they are released from the
Escrow Account. However, each Seller is allowed to transfer any of its Exchange Shares (other than the Escrow Shares while they are held
in the Escrow Account) by gift, will or intestate succession or to any immediate family member (or related trust), trustor or trust beneficiary,
as a distribution to equity holders upon liquidation or to an affiliate or pursuant to a court order or settlement agreement in divorce;
provided in each such case that the transferee thereof agrees to be bound by the restrictions set forth in the Lock-Up Agreement. 

Trading
Symbol and Market 

Our
Ordinary Shares is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol COOT. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

List
of Subsidiaries of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited 

The
following entities are the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited. 

Name 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 

EDOC
 Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Cayman
 Islands 
 
 Australian
 Oilseeds Investments Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 
 
 Good
Earth Oils Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 
 
 Cowcumbla
 Investments Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

82.7 
owned by Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited. Cowcumbla Investments Pty Ltd. will wholly own Cootamundra Oilseeds Pty Ltd., which is
incorporated in Australia. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

I,
Gary Seaton, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 3, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Gary Seaton 

Gary
 Seaton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

I,
Bob Wu, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 3, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Bob Wu 

Bob
 Wu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
June 30, 2024 Report ), I, Gary Seaton, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Bob Wu, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
to my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Gary Seaton 

Gary
 Seaton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

December
 3, 2024 

/s/
 Bob Wu 

Bob
 Wu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

December
 3, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 ex97-1.htm

Exhibit
97.1 

AUSTRALIAN
OILSEEDS HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CLAWBACK
POLICY FOR THE 

 RECOVERY
OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

A.
OVERVIEW 

In
accordance with the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Nasdaq Rules ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ( Rule 10D-1 ), the Board of Directors (the Board of Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited (the Company has adopted this Australian Oilseeds Holdings Limited Clawback Policy
for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (the Policy to provide for the recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-based
Compensation from Executive Officers. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section
H, below. 

B.
RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

In
the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in
accordance with Nasdaq Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows: 

(i) 
 After an Accounting Restatement, the Compensation
 Committee (if composed entirely of independent directors, or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of independent directors
 serving on the Board) (the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received by
 each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each Executive Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously
 Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return of such compensation, as applicable. 

(a) 
 For Incentive-based Compensation based on
 (or derived from) the Company s stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded 

(b) Compensation
 is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable
 Accounting Restatement: 

i. The
 amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable
 estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s stock price or
 total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received; and 

ii. The
 Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and
 provide the relevant documentation as required to the Nasdaq. 

(c) 
 The
 Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular
 facts and circumstances.8 Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that
 is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 

(d) 
 To the extent that the Executive
 Officer has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations
 established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate for any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 

(e) 
 To the extent that an Executive
 Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable
 and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer
 shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering
 such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 

(f) The
 Company and its officers and directors, in the exercise of their fiduciary duty to safeguard
 the assets of the Company (including the time value of any potentially recoverable compensation),
 will pursue the most appropriate balance of cost and speed in determining the appropriate
 means to seek recovery. The Company may secure recovery through means that are appropriate
 based on the particular facts and circumstances of each Executive Officer that owes a recoverable
 amount. For example, the Company may be acting reasonably promptly in establishing a deferred
 payment plan that allows the Executive Officer to repay owed erroneous compensation as soon
 as possible without unreasonable economic hardship to the Executive Officer, depending on
 the particular facts and circumstances. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
 the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated above if the Committee, which, as specified above, is composed entirely
 of independent directors or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board determines
 that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following conditions are met: 

The
Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to
be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation,
documented such attempt(s) and provided such documentation to the Nasdaq; or (ii) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified
retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section
401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 

C.
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 

The
Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and rules. 

D.
PROHIBITION OF INDEMNIFICATION 

The
Company shall not be permitted to insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation
that is repaid, returned or recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement
of its rights under this Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation
that is granted, paid or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right
to recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before,
on or after the Effective Date of this Policy). 

E.
ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 

This
Policy shall be administered by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected
individuals. The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate,
or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Company s compliance with Nasdaq Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1
and any other applicable law, regulation, rule or interpretation of the SEC or Nasdaq promulgated or issued in connection therewith. 

F.
AMENDMENT; TERMINATION 

The
Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary. Notwithstanding
anything in this Section F to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination
would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company
to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or Nasdaq rule. 

G.
OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from
the SEC or Nasdaq, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that this
Policy will be applied to the fullest extent required by applicable law. Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory
plan or any other agreement or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit
thereunder, an agreement by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. 

Any
right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available
to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any
employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement. 

H.
DEFINITIONS 

For
purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

(1)
 Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any
financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that
would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a
 little r restatement). 

(2)
 Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer
(i) on or after the effective date of the applicable Nasdaq rules, (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served
as an Executive Officer at any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or
not such Executive Officer is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv)
while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during
the applicable Clawback Period (as defined below). 

(3)
 Clawback Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company
immediately preceding the Restatement Date (as defined below), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less
than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 

(4)
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting
Restatement, the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise
would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. By way of example
of the calculation (per Footnotes 235 and 237 of SEC Release No. 33- 11126), if, based on the financial reporting measure as originally
reported, the amount of the award was 3,000 but the Company exercised negative discretion to pay out only 2,000. Following the restatement,
the amount of the award based on the corrected financial reporting measure is 1,800. Taking into account the Company s exercise
of negative discretion, the amount of recoverable erroneously awarded compensation would be 200 (i.e., 2,000 less 1,800) ). 

(5)
 Executive Officer means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer 
of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an executive officer
for purposes of this Policy shall include each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K or
Item 6.A of Form 20-F, as applicable, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (or, if there is no
principal accounting officer, the controller). 

(6)
 Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting
principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from
such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total
shareholder return) shall, for purposes of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial
Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 

(7)
 Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon
the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 

(8)
 Nasdaq means The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

(9)
 Received means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based
Compensation shall be deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in
the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive
Officer occurs after the end of that period. A transition period comprising a period of nine to 12 months would be deemed a completed
fiscal year. 

(10)
 Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers
of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the
Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs
the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

Effective
as of April 10, 2024 

[Attestation
and Acknowledgement of Policy on the following page] 

Exhibit
A 

ATTESTATION
AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF POLICY FOR THE RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

By
my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that: 

I
 have received and read the attached Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
 (this Policy ). 

I
 hereby agree to abide by all of the terms of this Policy both during and after my employment
 with the Company, including, without limitation, by promptly repaying or returning any Erroneously
 Awarded Compensation to the Company as determined in accordance with this Policy. 

Signature: 

Printed Name: 

Date: 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 coot-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 coot-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 coot-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 coot-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

