<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241129_10-K_edgar_data_784539_0001410578-24-002066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5407324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189249</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1067855</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1530320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1038577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1468483</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-002066.hdr.sgml : 20241129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241129143530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-002066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EACO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000784539
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				592597349
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14311
		FILM NUMBER:		241515992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5065 E HUNTER AVE
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92807
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(714) 876-2490

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5065 E HUNTER AVE
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAMILY STEAK HOUSES OF FLORIDA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-002066.txt : 20241129

10-K
 1
 eaco-20240831x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

(Mark One) Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the Fiscal Year Ended , 2024 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number: ORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by a check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (based upon the closing sale price of the common stock on that date) was approximately . For the purposes of this calculation, shares owned by officers, directors and 10 stockholders known to the registrant have been deemed to be owned by affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of November 26, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE No documents required to be listed hereunder are incorporated by reference in this Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Information This report may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, may, plan, possible, project, should, and similar words or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our anticipated revenue, expenses, profits and capital needs, and our planned initiatives. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and forecasts of future events and results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially including, among other things, the following: failure of facts to conform to management estimates and assumptions; economic conditions and uncertainties; competitive pressures; our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; potential losses from trading in securities; our ability to retain key personnel and relationships with suppliers; the willingness of Citizen s Business Bank (the Bank or other lenders to extend financing commitments and the availability of capital resources; and other risks identified from time to time in our reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and in public announcements. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. As such, investors should not consider any of such factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks or uncertainties. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement except as required by law, but investors are advised to consult any further disclosures by us in our filings with the SEC, especially on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in which we discuss in more detail various important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Page No. Item 1 Business 2 Item 1A Risk Factors 4 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 9 Item 1C Cybersecurity 9 Item 2 Properties 10 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 10 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 11 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities 11 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 11 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 11 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 15 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 15 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 32 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 32 Item 9B Other Information 32 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 32 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 33 Item 11 Executive Compensation 37 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 38 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 39 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 40 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 41 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business EACO Corporation EACO ), incorporated in Florida in September 1985, is a holding company, primarily comprised of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco Industries, Inc. Bisco and Bisco s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Bisco Industries Limited. Substantially all of EACO s operations are conducted through Bisco and Bisco Industries Limited. Bisco is a distributor of electronic components and fasteners with 51 sales offices and seven distribution centers located throughout the United States and Canada and one additional sales office located in the Philippines. Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board, communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation, industrial equipment and marine industries. Bisco commenced operations in Illinois in 1973 and was incorporated in 1974. Bisco s principal executive offices are located at 5065 East Hunter Avenue, Anaheim, California 92807, which also serves as the principal executive offices of EACO. EACO s website address is www.eacocorp.com and Bisco s website address is www.biscoind.com. The inclusion of these website addresses in this annual report does not include, or incorporate by reference into this annual report, any information on or accessible through the websites. EACO, Bisco and Bisco Industries Limited are collectively referred to herein as the Company, we, us and our. Operations Products and Services Bisco stocks thousands of items from more than 260 manufacturers. Bisco s products include electronic components such as spacers and standoffs, card guides and ejectors, component holders and fuses, circuit board connectors, and cable components, as well as a large variety of fasteners and hardware. The breadth of Bisco s products and extensive inventory provide a one-stop shopping experience for many customers. Bisco also provides customized services and solutions for a wide range of production needs, including special packaging, bin stocking, kitting and assembly, bar coding, electronic requisitioning, and integrated supply programs, among others. Divisions Bisco Industries Bisco sells a broad spectrum of products that it offers to many markets, but primarily sells to original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). While historically, the substantial majority of Bisco s revenues have been derived from the Bisco Industries division, Bisco has also established additional divisions that specialize in specific industries and products. Bisco believes that the focus by industry and/or product enhances Bisco s ability to provide superior service and devise tailored solutions for its customers. National-Precision The National-Precision division primarily sells electronic hardware and commercial fasteners to OEMs in the aerospace, fabrication and industrial equipment industries. National-Precision seeks to be the leading global distributor of mil-spec and commercial fasteners, hardware and distribution services used in production. Fast-Cor The Fast-Cor division was established to be a distributor s source for a broad range of components and fasteners. Fast-Cor has access to the entire inventory of products that Bisco offers but primarily focuses on selling to other distributors, not manufacturers. Customers and Sales Bisco s customers operate in a wide variety of industries and range from large global companies to small local businesses. Bisco strives to provide exceptional service to all customers, including smaller businesses, and continues to focus on growing its share of that market. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 As of August 31, 2024, Bisco had more than 10,000 customers; however, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of Bisco s revenues for either of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 or 2023. For each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively), Bisco s top 20 customers represented in the aggregate approximately 16 of Bisco s revenues. Bisco generally sells its products through its sales representatives in its 51 sales offices located in the United States and Canada and 1 additional sales office in the Philippines. Customers can also purchase products through Bisco s website. Bisco currently maintains seven distribution centers located in Anaheim and San Jose, California; Dallas, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Boston, Massachusetts; Atlanta, Georgia; and Toronto, Canada. Each of Bisco s selling facilities and distribution centers are linked to Bisco s central computer system, which provides Bisco s management and salespersons with online, real-time data regarding inventory levels throughout Bisco and facilitates control of purchasing, shipping and billing. Bisco generally ships products to customers from one of its seven distribution centers, based on the geographic proximity to the customer and the location of the available ordered products. Bisco sells its products primarily in the United States, Canada, and countries within Asia and Europe. Bisco s international sales represented 10.7 and 11.3 of its sales in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. Sales to customers in Canada accounted for approximately 26 and 36 of such international sales in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. Sales to customers located within Asia accounted for approximately 40 of such international sales in both fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. Sales to customers in other countries make up 34 and 24 of such international sales in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively Suppliers As of August 31, 2024, Bisco offered products from over 260 manufacturers. The Company s authorized distributor agreements with most of its manufacturers are typically cancelable by either party at any time or on short notice. While Bisco doesn t manufacture its products, it does perform kitting and packaging of existing products for certain of its customers. Bisco believes that most of the products it sells are available from other sources at competitive prices. No single supplier accounted for more than 10 of Bisco s purchases in fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. Human Capital Resources As of August 31, 2024, the Company had 604 full-time employees, which include 401 sales and marketing employees, 89 management, administrative and finance employees, 61 warehouse and fulfillment personnel and 53 supply chain management employees. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. A key element of our business strategy is to expand our operations and revenues by opening additional sales offices in new geographic locations, and we plan to add additional sales personnel to support such new offices. Management believes the Company has been successful in attracting and retaining qualified sales personnel for these new positions. The Company is able to attract and retain employees by offering competitive compensation package, including benefit and wellness programs for employees, and providing diversity and team building activities. We believe an innovative workforce needs to be diverse and leverage the skills and perspectives of a wealth of backgrounds and experiences. Compliance with Government Regulations We are not aware of the need for any government approvals for our products. Because we use contract manufacturers, any laws regarding the manufacturing of the products we distribute will typically be the responsibility of our contract manufacturers. Prior to entering into any contracts with new manufacturers, we typically conduct due diligence to determine that the manufacturer has satisfied all such requirements. We do not believe that we are subject to any state or federal environmental laws. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks, some of which are discussed below. The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report and should not be considered the only risks to which the Company is exposed. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for shares of our common stock may decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Company and Operational Risks We generally do not have long-term supply agreements or guaranteed price or delivery arrangements with the majority of our suppliers. In most cases, we have no guaranteed price or delivery arrangements with our suppliers. Consequently, we may experience inventory shortages on certain products from time to time. Furthermore, our industry occasionally experiences significant product supply shortages and customer order backlogs due to the inability of certain manufacturers to supply products as needed. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill our orders on a timely basis, at a recoverable cost, or at all, or that we will be able to obtain particular products on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. Additionally, we cannot assure you that product lines currently offered by suppliers will continue to be available to us. A decline in the supply or continued availability of the products of our suppliers, or a significant increase in the price of those products, could reduce our sales, harm our reputation and negatively affect our operating results. Our supply agreements are generally terminable at the suppliers discretion. Substantially all of the agreements we have with our suppliers, including our authorized distributor agreements, may be terminated by either party with little or no notice or penalty. Suppliers that currently sell their products through us could decide to sell, or increase their sales of, their products directly or through other distributors or channels. If a supplier terminates our agreement, we may not be able to identify or secure another supplier for the same products on a timely basis, at competitive pricing, or at all. Any termination, interruption or adverse modification of our relationship with a key supplier or a significant number of other suppliers would likely adversely affect our operating income, cash flow and future prospects. We are subject to a variety of claims, investigations and litigation that could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our reputation. In the normal course of business, we are subject to claims and lawsuits, including from time to time class actions involving consumers, stockholders or employees, and claims relating to commercial, labor, or employment matters, We have in the past and may in the future be subject to investigations, claims, litigation and other proceedings outside the ordinary course of business. Defending these lawsuits and becoming involved in these investigations may divert management s attention, and may cause us to incur significant expenses, even if there is no evidence that our systems or practices were the cause of the claim. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards, penalties or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against potential loss exposures. We generally do not have long-term sales contracts with our customers. Most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, rather than through long-term sales contracts. As such, our customers typically do not have any obligation to purchase any products from us. A variety of conditions, both specific to each customer and generally affecting each customer s industry, may cause customers to reduce, cancel or delay orders that were either previously made or anticipated. In addition, customers may go bankrupt or fail, or default on their payments. Significant or numerous cancellations, reductions, delays in orders by customers, losses of customers, and/or customer defaults on payment could materially adversely affect our business and revenues. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on third-party suppliers for most of our products, and may not be able to identify and procure relevant new products and products lines that satisfy our customers needs on favorable terms and prices, or at all. We currently rely on a large number of third-party suppliers for most of our products. Since we do not manufacture our products, we rely on these suppliers to provide quality products that are in demand by our customers. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise and continue to identify and provide future high-quality products and product lines that complement our existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers needs. We may not be able to compete effectively unless we can continue to offer a broad range of high quality, reliable products that address the trends and demand in the markets in which we compete. Increases in the costs of energy, shipping and raw materials used in our products could impact our cost of goods and distribution and occupancy expenses, which would result in lower operating margins. Costs of raw materials used in our vendors products and energy costs have been rising during the last several years, which has resulted in increased production costs for our suppliers. These suppliers typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. The shipping costs for our products have risen as well and may continue to rise. While we typically try to pass increased supplier prices and shipping costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, we may not be successful. Failure to fully pass these increased prices and costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating margins and could make our products less competitive, either of which could adversely impact our margins and results of operations. The unauthorized access to, or theft or destruction of, customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of our proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. The protection of customer, employee and Company data is critical to us. We are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, consumer credit and fraud. Additionally, an increasing number of government and industry groups have established laws and standards for the protection of personal information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. Compliance with these requirements may result in cost increases due to necessary system changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations regarding privacy and security, we could be subject to significant fines, and become subject to investigations, litigation and the disruption of our operations. In the ordinary course of business, we receive and maintain credit card and other personal information from our customers, employees and vendors. Customers and employees have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of this customer information, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. A number of retailers have experienced security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen. While we have not experienced a material cyber-attack, we are working with a third-party vendor to assist us in safeguarding our systems and protecting the material personal information of our customers, employees and vendors. Our analysis may not be able to adequately address or remedy the potential harm, which could result in the assessment against us for large remedial costs and other penalties, and could damage our reputation and adversely impact our customers. We rely heavily on our internal information systems, which, if not properly functioning, could materially and adversely affect our business. Our information systems have been in place for many years and are subject to system failures as well as problems caused by human error, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Many of our systems consist of a number of legacy or internally developed applications, which can be more difficult to upgrade to commercially available software. It may be time consuming and costly for us to retrieve data that is necessary for management to evaluate our systems of control and information flow. The Company is currently updating parts of the information systems within the accounting departments to enhance its reporting capabilities and to create more efficient and accurate accounting processes. In the future, management may decide to convert our information systems to a single enterprise solution. Such a conversion, while it would enhance the accessibility and reliability of our data, could be expensive and would not be without risk of data loss, delay or business interruption. Maintaining and operating these systems requires continuous investments. Failure of any of these internal information systems or material difficulties in upgrading these information systems could have material adverse effects on our business and our timely compliance with our reporting obligations. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. Our future performance will depend to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of certain key management and other personnel, including Glen Ceiley, our Chairman and CEO, and Don Wagner, Bisco President and Chief Operating Officer, as well as other executive officers and senior management. The loss of service of one or more of our key management members could have a material adverse effect on our business. The competitive pressures we face could have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for our products and services is very competitive. We compete for customers with other distributors, who sell similar or sometimes identical products, as well as with many of our suppliers. A failure to maintain and enhance our competitive position could adversely affect our business and prospects. Furthermore, our efforts to compete in the marketplace could cause deterioration of gross profit margins and, thus, overall profitability. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, personnel, capacity and other resources or a more extensive customer base than we do. Expansion Risks Our strategy of expanding into new geographic areas, including international markets, could be costly, subject us to additional risks and may not expand our revenues. One of our primary growth strategies is to grow our business through the opening of sales offices in new geographic markets. This strategy requires continued investment, both financially, as well as management s efforts to get the new offices operational. Based on our analysis of demographics in the United States, Canada, Mexico and countries within Asia, we currently estimate there is potential market opportunity in North America and Asia to support additional sales offices. In addition, our expansion into international markets such as Asia may encounter additional risks, challenges and difficulties that are not present for our U.S. operations, including the following: lack of experience and expertise in foreign markets; compliance with additional rules and regulations in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including export control and trade restrictions; economic and political instability, including trade tensions and wars; costs and delays associated with transportations and communications; coordination of operations through multiple jurisdictions and time zones; and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 
 We cannot guarantee that our estimates are accurate or that we will open enough offices to capitalize on the full market opportunity or that any new offices will be successful or profitable in the near future, or at all. In addition, a particular local market s ability to support a sales office may change due to competition or local economic conditions. We may be unable to meet our goals regarding new office openings. Our growth, in part, is primarily dependent on our ability to attract new customers. Historically, our most effective way to attract new customers has been opening new sales offices in additional geographic regions or new markets. During fiscal 2024, the Company relocated some existing sales offices to larger office locations within its original region. Given the recent economic uncertainty, we may not be able to open or grow new offices at our projected or desired rates or hire qualified sales personnel necessary to make such new offices successful. Failure to do so could negatively impact our long-term growth and market share. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Opening sales offices in new markets presents increased risks that may prevent us from being profitable in these new locations, and/or may adversely affect our operating results. Our new sales offices do not typically achieve operating results comparable to our existing offices until after several years of operation. The added expenses relating to payroll, occupancy, and transportation costs can impact our ability to generate earnings. Offices in new geographic areas face additional challenges to achieving profitability, and we cannot guarantee how long it will take new offices to become profitable, or that such offices will ever become profitable. In new markets, we have less familiarity with local customer preferences and customers in these markets are less familiar with our name and capabilities. Entry into new markets may also bring us into competition with new, unfamiliar competitors. These challenges associated with opening new offices in new markets may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified sales personnel is uncertain. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified sales employees, who understand and appreciate our strategy and culture and are able to adequately represent us to our customers. During fiscal 2024, the Company added 42 sales employees and plan to continue to expand our sales team in the future. Qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high. If we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned openings of new offices. Any such delays, material increases in existing employee turnover rates, or increases in labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Financial Risks We may not have adequate or cost-effective liquidity or capital resources. Our ability to satisfy our cash needs depends on our ability to generate cash from operations and to access our line of credit and the capital markets, which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In October 2023, the Company used 31.0 million of cash to purchase our Anaheim corporate headquarters and distribution center. As of August 31, 2024, there was no outstanding balance on our line of credit, which line of credit is secured by substantially all of Bisco s assets. Further, the Company has a loan agreement with the Bank that financed the tenant improvements on the corporate headquarters, of which approximately 4.3 million was outstanding as of August 31, 2024. See Notes 4 and 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further explanation. Our ability to continue to secure financing is subject to our satisfaction of certain covenants contained in such agreements. As a result of the recent economic uncertainty primarily caused by inflation and high borrowing interest rates, we may need to pursue additional debt or equity financing or to refinance our existing loans, which funding may not be available on acceptable or favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. The securities that might be issued in any future equity financing may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to our common stock. Our failure to obtain such funding could adversely impact our ability to execute our business plan and our financial condition and results of operations. We have incurred significant losses in the past from trading in securities, and we may incur such losses in the future, which may also cause us to be in violation of covenants under our loan agreement. Bisco has historically supplemented its capital resources in part from cash generated by trading in marketable domestic equity securities. Bisco s investment strategy includes taking both long and short positions, as well as utilizing options to maximize return. This strategy can lead, and has led, to significant losses from time to time based on market conditions and trends, as well as the performance of the specific companies in which we invest. We may incur losses in future periods from such trading activities, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. In addition, unanticipated losses from our trading activities may cause Bisco to be in violation of certain covenants under its line of credit agreement with Citizen s Business Bank, located in Anaheim, CA. The agreement is secured by substantially all of Bisco s assets. The loan agreement contains covenants which require that, on a quarterly basis, Bisco s losses from trading in securities not exceed its pre-tax operating income. We cannot assure you that unanticipated losses from our trading activities will not cause us to violate our 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 covenants in the future or that the bank will grant a waiver for any such default or that it will not exercise its remedies, which could include the refusal to allow additional borrowings on the line of credit or the acceleration of the obligation s maturity date and foreclosure on Bisco s assets, with respect to any such noncompliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase our costs to procure products and impact our foreign sales. Because the functional currency related to our Canadian operations and certain of our foreign vendor purchases is the applicable local currency, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. Fluctuations in the relative strength of foreign economies and their related currencies could adversely impact our ability to procure products overseas at competitive prices and our foreign sales. Historically, our primary exchange rate exposure has been with the Canadian dollar. Concentration of Ownership Risks The Company s Chairman and CEO holds almost all of our voting stock and can control the election of directors and significant corporate actions. Glen Ceiley, our Chairman and CEO, beneficially owns or controls approximately 96 of our outstanding voting stock. As such, Mr. Ceiley is able to exert significant influence over the outcome of almost all corporate matters, including the election of the Board of Directors and significant corporate transactions requiring a stockholder vote, such as a merger or a sale of the Company or our assets. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm the price of our common stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our common stock (whether by making a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. Given the significant influence of our Chairman and CEO, the Company may take actions to which minority stockholders may disagree or oppose. Sales of our common stock by Glen Ceiley could cause the price of our common stock to decline. There is currently no established trading market for our common stock, and the volume of any stock sales has generally been low. As of August 31, 2024, the number of shares held by non-affiliates of Mr. Ceiley was less than 200,000 shares. If Mr. Ceiley sells or seeks to sell a substantial number of his shares of our common stock in the future, the market price of our common stock could decline. The perception among investors that these sales may occur could produce the same effect. Due to the limited available public float, certain investors may not be able or willing to invest in the Company s securities, which could also impact the market price of our common stock. General Risk Factors Changes and uncertainties in the macroeconomic conditions have harmed and could continue to harm our operating results. As a result of economic uncertainties primarily caused by inflation and high borrowing interest rates, our operating results, and the economic strength of our customers and suppliers, are increasingly difficult to predict. Sales of our products are affected by many factors, including, among others, general economic conditions, interest rates, inflation, liquidity in the credit markets, unemployment trends, shipping costs, geopolitical events, and other factors. Although we sell our products to customers in a broad range of industries, if economic conditions significantly weaken on a global scale it may cause some of our customers to experience a slowdown, from time to time, which may in turn have an adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Changes and uncertainties in the economy also increase the risk of uncollectible accounts receivable. The pricing we receive from suppliers may also be impacted by general economic conditions. Continued and future changes and uncertainties in the economic climate in the United States and elsewhere could have a similar negative impact on the rate and amounts of purchases by our current and potential customers, create price inflation for our products, or otherwise have a negative impact on our expenses, gross margins and revenues, and could hinder our growth. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting or experience material weaknesses in our system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or timely or detect fraud, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and our business. We currently have, and from time to time have had, material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting due to a variety of issues, including, without limitation, significant deficiencies in the process related to the preparation of our financial statements, 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 segregation of duties, sufficient control in the area of financial reporting oversight and review, and appropriate personnel to ensure the complete and proper application of GAAP as it relates to certain routine accounting transactions. Although we believe we are making progress in mitigating these material weaknesses, we may experience material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future and may fail to maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting that complies with the applicable reporting. Our failure to address any deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or to properly maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could impact our ability to prevent fraud or to issue our financial statements in a timely manner that presents fairly, in accordance with GAAP, our financial condition and results of operations. The existence of any such deficiencies and/or weaknesses, even if cured, may also lead to the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, could harm our business and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. Such deficiencies or material weaknesses may also subject us to lawsuits, investigations and other penalties. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy Our cybersecurity policies and processes are fully integrated into our Risk Management procedures and are based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework for Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity (NIST Cybersecurity Framework), a toolkit for organizations to manage cybersecurity risk in its assessment of cybersecurity capabilities and in developing cybersecurity priorities. In addition to internal assessments, our cybersecurity strategy and capabilities are evaluated and audited against the NIST Framework and industry best practices by independent, third-party, leading specialists in cybersecurity. We strive to create a culture of cybersecurity resilience and awareness. This tone is continuously reinforced with our employees through education and regular testing. We continue to improve our programs and invest in the security of our systems, operations, people, infrastructure, and cloud environments. Our cybersecurity strategy seeks to follow industry best practices designed to ensure compliance with applicable global privacy and regulatory requirements. To protect our customers, we administer physical, technological and administrative controls on data privacy and security. We regularly validate our security controls by performing penetration testing, compliance audits, as well as proactive security testing to ensure our systems and controls are secure. We plan to brief the Board of Directors on our strategy and roadmap in alignment with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework and we plan to provide our Board with regular updates regarding cybersecurity risks, threat landscape and overall program progress. We believe that the risks from cybersecurity threats thus far, including any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected and are not reasonably likely to materially affect our business, including our business strategy, financial condition or results of operations. For additional information about the cybersecurity risks, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors , of this Annual Report. Our cybersecurity risk management procedures are focused on the following key areas: Education and Awareness We provide required security awareness education and training to our employees and contractors with system access that focuses on various aspects of the cybersecurity world. Users of our internal systems are required to complete an annual cybersecurity awareness training and are tested for awareness on a regular basis. We also provide tailored training courses to functional technology employees and employees who process personal or sensitive information. Threat Management, Incident Response, and Recovery Planning We have established and maintain a comprehensive incident response and recovery plan designed to identify, contain and eradicate cybersecurity threats, with recovery from an incident as rapidly as possible. Our information security team utilizes threat technologies and vendors 24/7 to monitor and respond to security threats. In the event of a security incident, a defined procedure outlines containment, response and immediate recovery actions. The incident response plan is tested, evaluated and updated no less than on an annual basis. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Data and Consumer Privacy Our data and consumer privacy program monitors, adapts to and works diligently to comply with changes in global privacy legislation. We have implemented technical, procedural and organizational measures designed to comply with applicable data protection and consumer privacy laws. We conduct external benchmarking, as well as privacy compliance audits, to stay abreast of developing privacy laws and understand developing risks, best practices and industry trends. Third-Party Risk Management We recognize the risks associated with the use of vendors, service providers, and other third parties that provide information system services to us, process information on our behalf, or have access to our information systems. The Company has processes in place to oversee and manage these risks. We have an information risk management program that includes a vendor risk assessment process, whereby we systematically oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats related to our use of key third-party service providers. Cybersecurity Governance Our executive management team and Board of Directors oversee our policies with respect to risk assessment and the management of those risks that may be material to us, including cybersecurity risks. While cybersecurity resilience is the responsibility of every employee and contractor, our cybersecurity program is led by the Director of Information Technology Director of IT ), who reports to the President and COO. Our Director of IT has extensive experience in network engineering and cybersecurity operations from both a practical and management standpoint and attends training in cybersecurity and risk mitigation. We plan to provide our Board of Directors with a comprehensive annual report of cybersecurity risks, threat landscape, and overall program status. On an annual basis, the President also will report to the Board of Directors on various metrics on threat management, incident response and recovery planning, along with industry benchmarks. Item 2. Properties We have 51 sales offices and seven distribution centers located throughout the United States and in Canada and have one additional sales office in Asia located in the Philippines. In September 2019, Bisco entered into Commercial Lease Agreement (the Hunter Lease with the Glen F. Ceiley and Barbara A. Ceiley Revocable Trust (the Trust ), which is the grantor trust of Glen Ceiley, our Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and majority shareholder (the Trust ), and had a lease term that expires on August 31, 2029. Pursuant to the Hunter Lease, Bisco has leased from the Trust approximately 80,000 square feet of office and warehouse space located at 5065 East Hunter Avenue, Anaheim, California (the Hunter Property ). The Company moved its corporate headquarters to the Hunter Property in March 2020. The initial base rent for the Hunter Lease is 66,300 per month, which increased by 2.5 annually over the term of the lease. On October 20, 2023, the Company purchased the Hunter Property from the Trust for a purchase price of 31,000,000 and terminated the Hunter Lease. The Hunter Property was purchased with cash, funded by the Company s available cash accounts and liquidated securities. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further explanation. Bisco also leases its Chicago area sales office and distribution center located in Glendale Heights, Illinois under an operating lease agreement (the Chicago Lease from the Trust, which has a term that expires in May 2029. The initial base rent for this lease is 22,600 per month, which increases by 2.5 annually over the term of the lease. All of our other properties are leased, consisting of sales offices and warehouse space. Leases of sales offices generally have a lease term of three years and leases of warehouse locations usually have a lease term of five to ten years. For additional information regarding our obligations under property leases, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for disclosure regarding a pending class action lawsuit to which we have reached an agreement in principle to settle, which is subject to court approval. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information and Holders The Company s common stock is quoted on OTC Pink operated by the OTC Markets Group Inc., and was previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, under the trading symbol EACO however, the Company s common stock typically has low trading volumes. As of November 26, 2024, the Company had approximately 220 shareholders of record. Dividend Policy The Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Item 6. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. Overview EACO is a holding company primarily comprised of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bisco, and includes Bisco s wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Bisco Industries Limited. Bisco is a distributor of electronic components and fasteners with 51 sales offices and seven distribution centers located throughout North America and one sales office in Asia located in the Philippines. Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board, communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation, industrial equipment and marine industries. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Revenue Recognition We derive our revenue primarily from product sales. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. The Company s performance obligations consist solely of product shipped to customers. Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products, which the Company s standard terms and conditions are shipping point, to customers at a point in time in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for these products. Revenue is recognized net of returns and any taxes collected from customers. We offer industry standard contractual terms in our purchase orders. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred Tax Assets Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets DTAs and deferred tax liabilities DTLs reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our DTAs in the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of DTLs, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results adjusted for the results of discontinued operations and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income. Inventory The Company s inventory provisions for obsolescence are based upon management s review of inventories on-hand over their expected future utilization and length of time held by the Company. The Company s methodology for estimating these adjustments to the cost basis is evaluated for factors that could require changes to the cost basis including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory or net realizable value. If business or economic conditions change, the Company s estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. Results of Operations Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 Revenues and Gross Margin (dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues 356,231 319,397 36,834 11.5 Cost of revenues 250,019 226,981 23,038 10.1 Gross margin 106,212 92,416 13,796 14.9 Percent of revenues 29.8 28.9 Revenues consist primarily of sales of component parts and fasteners and also include, to a lesser extent, kitting charges and order fees, as well as freight charged to customers. The increase in revenues in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was largely due to added sales employees during fiscal 2024, increasing by 33 sales employees when comparing to fiscal 2023. We believe that increasing sales headcount leads to the addition of new customers and the ability to sell more products to existing customers and creating better customer relationships. Additionally, revenues for fiscal 2024 have increased when compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher inventory stock available and an increased demand for those products. Gross margin for fiscal 2024 have increased when compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to developing better relationships with vendors and customers. Selling, General and Administrative Expense (dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change Change Operating expense: Selling, general and administrative expenses 80,971 64,936 16,035 24.7 Impairment on termination of lease 3,906 3,906 100.0 Operating expenses 84,877 64,936 19,941 30.7 Percent of revenues 23.8 20.3 3.5 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expense consists primarily of payroll and related expenses for the sales and administrative staff, professional fees (including accounting, legal and technology costs and expenses), and advertising costs. SG A in fiscal 2024 increased from fiscal 2023 largely due to higher personnel costs related to an increase in the number of sales and administrative employees, from 561 employees in fiscal 2023 to 604 employees in fiscal 2024. Furthermore, the increase in SG A expense in fiscal 2024 also included a legal expense accrual in the amount of approximately 7.6 million related to a pending class action lawsuit to which we have reached an agreement in principle to settle, but is subject to court approval. We expect the settlement to be paid in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report for further explanation. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company also recognized an impairment loss of 3.9 million due to the purchase of the Hunter Property and the corresponding termination of the Hunter Lease. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue in the current period increased from the prior year period primarily due to the impairment loss, legal settlement accrual, and higher payroll expenses. Other Income (Expense), Net (dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended August 31, Other (expense) income: 2024 2023 Change Change Realized gain on sales of marketable trading securities 452 836 (384) (45.9) Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable trading securities (324) 448 (772) (172.3) Interest and other (expense) (177) (59) (118) (200.0) Other (expense) income, net (49) 1,225 (1,274) (104.0) Other (expense) income, net as a percent of revenues (0.0) 0.4 Other income (expense), net includes income or losses on investments in marketable equity securities of other publicly-held domestic corporations, interest income (expense), and other nonoperating activities. The Company s investment strategy consists of both long and short positions. The Company experienced net realized and unrealized gains from trading securities of approximately 128,000 and net realized and unrealized gains of approximately 1,284,000 in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. The trading securities gains in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were primarily due to timing of sale of investments and general market climate of investment positions at year-end. Interest and other expense increased by 118,000 primarily due to interest expense, which is related to carrying a larger balance on the Company s line of credit during fiscal 2024 year when compared to fiscal 2023. Income Tax Provision (dollars in thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Change Change Provision for income taxes 6,335 7,520 (1,185) (15.8) Percent of pre-tax income 29.8 26.2 3.6 The provision for income taxes decreased by 1,185,000 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, which was primarily a result of lower book income in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023. The income tax provision as a percentage of pre-tax income increased by 3.6 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, which was primarily due to our prior year tax payable reconciliations. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company held approximately 843,000 and 8,558,000 of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, respectively. The Company also held 14,748,000 and 27,228,000 of marketable securities at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, which could be liquidated, if necessary. The Company currently has an available 20.0 million line of credit with the Bank. The Company entered into a Change in Terms Agreement dated April 12, 2024 with the Bank, which increased the principal loan amount under the line of credit to 20.0 million and extended the maturity date of the line of credit from July 5, 2024 to February 15, 2026. The line of credit has a variable interest rate set at the bank prime index rate, provided that in no event would such interest rate be less than 3.5 per annum. Borrowings are secured by 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The line of credit agreement contains certain nonfinancial and financial covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios. As of each of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. There was no outstanding balance on the line of credit as of each of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023. On October 5, 2023, Bisco entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Trust, which is beneficially owned and controlled by Mr. Glen F. Ceiley, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and a major stockholder. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Trust agreed to sell the Hunter Property to Bisco for a purchase price of 31 million in cash. The transaction closed on October 20, 2023. In April 2024, the Company engaged in a mediation concerning a pending class action lawsuit and reached an agreement in principle to settle the lawsuit. The Company is currently negotiating a settlement agreement and expects the aggregate settlement amount to be approximately 7.5 million, which settlement agreement, when finalized, will be subject to court approval. The Company has accrued 7.6 million in fiscal 2024 in anticipation of this settlement and related lawyer fees. The Company expects to use existing cash and cash equivalents, and cash generated from operations to fund this settlement after the legal proceedings are completed in fiscal 2025. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report for further information. EACO has also entered into a business loan agreement (and related 100,000 promissory note) with the Bank that is renewed annually in order to obtain a 100,000 letter of credit as security for the Company s workers compensation requirements. Cash Flows from Operating Activities During fiscal 2024, the Company provided 14,077,000 in net cash from its operating activities. The current period cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to net income of 14,951,000 and an increase in accrued expenses and in trade accounts payable. This was partially offset by increases in trade accounts receivable and inventory. Increases in accrued expenses is primarily due to the accrual of the class action lawsuit approximately 7,600,000. Increases in trade accounts payable is primarily due to an increases in inventory. During fiscal 2023, the Company provided 13,422,000 in net cash from its operating activities. The fiscal 2023 period cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to net income of 21,185,000 and an increase in accrued expenses and in prepaid and other assets. This was partially offset by increases in trade accounts receivable and inventory. Increases in accrued expenses is primarily due to increases in inventory. Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities was 20,455,000 for fiscal 2024. This was primarily due to the purchase of the Hunter Property of 31,000,000 in fiscal 2024, which was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities was 23,815,000 for fiscal 2023. This was primarily due to the purchase of marketable securities. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2024 was 1,372,000, which was primarily due to a decrease in bank overdraft when comparing fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2023. Bank overdraft represents outstanding checks in excess of cash held in our bank account. If the bank account is over drawn, the Company has a nightly sweep feature, which funds the cash account to the line of credit with the Bank. The cash used in financing activities for the prior period is primarily due to an increase in the bank overdraft balance. Contractual Financial Obligations In addition to using cash flow generated from operations, the Company finances its operations through borrowings from banks. These financial obligations are recorded in accordance with accounting rules applicable to the underlying transactions, with the result that debt agreements are recorded as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets while obligations under operating leases are disclosed in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data EACO CORPORATION Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 16 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 17 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 18 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 19 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 20 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 21 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 22 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of EACO Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EACO Corporation (the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. November 29, 2024 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share information) 

August 31, August 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Marketable securities, trading Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current Assets: Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current Liabilities: Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Note 8 Shareholders Equity: Convertible preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares outstanding (liquidation value Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross margin Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment on termination of lease Income from operations Other income (expense): Net gain on trading securities Interest and other expense ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Cumulative preferred stock dividend ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands) 

Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) Total comprehensive income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity For the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except share information) 

Accumulated Convertible Additional Other Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income Earnings Equity Balance, August 31, 2022 Preferred dividends ) ) Foreign translation loss ) ) Net income Balance, August 31, 2023 Preferred dividends ) ) Foreign translation gain Net income Balance, August 31, 2024 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 EACO Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Bad debt expense Unrealized loss (gain) on trading securities ) Deferred tax provision ) ) Impairment on termination of lease Increase (decrease) in cash flow from change in: Trade accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Trade accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Additions to property, equipment, and leasehold improvements ) ) Purchase of marketable securities, trading ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Preferred stock dividend ) ) Repayments on long-term debt ) ) Bank overdraft ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 EACO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS August 31, 2024 and 2023 sales offices and distribution centers located throughout the United States and Canada and one additional sales office in Asia located in the Philippines. Bisco supplies parts used in the manufacture of products in a broad range of industries, including the aerospace, circuit board, communication, computer, fabrication, instrumentation, industrial equipment and marine industries. All references herein to fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 shall refer to the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. and at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. and at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The adjustments to inventory costs are based upon management s review of inventories on-hand over their expected future utilization and length of time held by the Company. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 and five to for furniture, fixtures and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term, whichever is less. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Renewals and improvements of a major nature are capitalized. At the time of retirement or disposition of the asset, the cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in earnings. in cash. An appraisal, conducted in September 2023 by an independent third party, valued the Hunter Property at million, which was inclusive of tenant improvements previously purchased and recorded by the Company. Upon completion of the Hunter Property purchase and the termination of the Hunter Lease during the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded an asset impairment of million, which was the net book carrying value of the tenant improvements at the date the building was acquired. . Restricted cash to collateralize the Company s obligations for short sales was at August 31, 2024 and 2023. These securities are stated at fair value, which is determined using the quoted closing prices at each reporting date. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are recognized as incurred in the consolidated statements of operations. Net unrealized gains and losses are reported in the statements of operations and represent the change in the market value of investment holdings during the period. See Note 10. of total revenues for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 and for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. and respectively, on advertising. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 million and lease liabilities of approximately million recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. common shares issuable upon conversion of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, which were outstanding at August 31, 2024 and 2023. Such securities are included with the weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per common share for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. for both periods. The resulting balance sheet translation adjustments are charged or credited directly to accumulated other comprehensive income. Revenue and expenses are transacted at the average exchange rates for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. The average exchange rate for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was for both periods. The percentage of total assets held outside the United States, in Canada, was as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. All foreign sales, excluding Canadian sales, are denominated in U.S. dollars and, therefore, are not subject to foreign currency risk exposure. at August 31, 2024 , and and , respectively at August 31, 2023. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of total revenues for either of the years ended August 31, 2024 or 2023. In addition, no single customer s receivable balance accounted for more than 10 of the Company s customer receivables as of either August 31, 2024 or 2023. The following table presents our sales within geographic regions as a percentage of net revenue, which is based on the bill-to location of our customers: Asia Canada Other Total 

 25 

Table of Contents 

26 

Table of Contents 
 Building Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total held for use Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, equipment, and leasehold improvements held for use, net On October 20, 2023, the Company purchased the Hunter Property from the Trust for a purchase price of . See Note 9. For the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, depreciation and amortization expense was and , respectively. million line of credit agreement with Citizens Business Bank the Bank ). On May 10, 2024, the Company executed a Change in Terms Agreement dated as of April 12, 2024 (the Amendment with the Bank to modify terms of that certain Business Loan Agreement dated as of November 5, 2022 between Bisco and the Bank. The Amendment (i) extends the expiration date of the line of credit under the Loan Agreement to February 15, 2026; and (ii) increases the principal loan amount under the line of credit to million. The line of credit has a variable interest rate set at the bank prime index rate, but provided that in no event would such interest rate be less than per annum . Borrowings are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The amount outstanding under this line of credit as of each of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 was . The line of credit agreement contains certain nonfinancial and financial covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios. As of each of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The Company also entered into the Construction Loan for the primary purpose of financing tenant improvements at the Hunter Property. The Construction Loan was a line of credit evidenced by a Promissory Note in the principal amount of up to with a maturity date of . The terms of the Construction Loan provide that the Company may only request advances through July 15, 2020, and thereafter, the Construction Loan would convert to a term loan with a fixed rate of , which is entitled to a rate discount if a demand deposit account is held with the Bank. On July 15, 2020, the amount drawn on the Construction Loan and converted to a term loan was . Interest on the Construction Loan is payable monthly at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023). Concurrent with the execution of this Construction Loan, Bisco entered into a commercial security agreement, dated July 12, 2019, with the Bank, pursuant to which Bisco granted the Bank a security interest in substantially all of Bisco s personal property to secure Bisco s obligations under the Construction Loan. The outstanding balance of the Construction Loan at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 was and , respectively. The Construction loan future principal due until maturity by fiscal year is as follows: 2026 2027 Total The Company has also entered into a business loan agreement (and related promissory note) with the Bank in order to obtain a letter of credit as security for the Company s worker s compensation requirements. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Less: cumulative preferred stock dividend ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders for basic and diluted EPS computation Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic EPS computation Earnings per common share basic Weighted average common shares outstanding for diluted EPS computation Earnings per common share diluted For the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, potential common shares (issuable upon conversion of shares of the Company s Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock) are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. Preferred Stock The Company s Board of Directors is authorized to establish the various rights and preferences for the Company s preferred stock, including voting, conversion, dividend and liquidation rights and preferences, at the time shares of preferred stock are issued. In September 2004, the Company sold shares of its Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock (the Preferred Stock to the Company s CEO, with an dividend rate at a price of per share for a total cash purchase price of . The holder of the Preferred Stock has the right at any time to convert the Preferred Stock and accrued but unpaid dividends into shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price of per share. In the event of a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the holder of the Preferred Stock is entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders at before any payments are made to the holders of common stock. of their compensation. The Company has the discretion to match of the employee contributions up to of employees compensation. The Company s contributions are subject to a vesting period beginning the second year of service. The Company s contribution expense was approximately and for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) Total Income taxes for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 differ from the amounts computed by applying the federal blended and statutory corporate rates of for both 2024 and 2023 to the pre-tax income. The differences are reconciled as follows: Increase (decrease) in taxes due to: State tax, net of federal benefit Permanent differences ) ) Other, net Income tax expense The components of deferred taxes at August 31, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below: Accruals and reserves Income tax credits Capital loss Lease liability Property and equipment, net ) ) Operating lease, right-of-use assets ) ) Unrealized gains/losses Total deferred tax assets, net Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing DTA. On the basis of this evaluation, as of August 31, 2024, no valuation allowance has been recorded. We are subject to taxation in the United States and various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, as of August 31, 2024, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, Canadian examinations by tax authorities for years before 2020. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 million. The settlement agreement is subject to court approval. The Company accrued million in fiscal 2024 in anticipation of this settlement and the related legal fees. Operating Lease Obligations The Company leases its facilities and automobiles under operating lease agreements (one leased facility is leased from the Trust, which is beneficially owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and majority shareholder see Note 9), which expire on various dates through September 2029 and require minimum rental payments ranging from to per month. Certain of the leases contain options for renewal under varying terms. On October 20, 2023, The Company purchased the Hunter Property from the Trust for a purchase price of . See Note 2 for further explanation. Minimum future rental payments under operating leases are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Future minimum lease payments Less interest ) Present value of minimum lease payments Operating lease cost under these leases was approximately and for fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other information related to operating leases is as follows: years years Weighted average discount rate The discount rate used on the operating right-of-use assets represented the Company s incremental borrowing rate at lease inception. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 , which is subject to annual rent increases of approximately as set forth in the Glendale Lease. During the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had cash payments related to the Glendale Lease of approximately and , respectively. On July 26, 2019, the Company entered into a Commercial Lease Agreement with the Trust (the Hunter Lease ), for the lease of the Hunter Property, which houses the Company s corporate headquarters. The Company completed its move to the headquarters located at the Hunter Property in March 2020. The term of the Hunter Lease commenced on September 2, 2019 and ended on October 20, 2023, when the Company purchased the Hunter Property. The Hunter Lease had an initial monthly rental rate of , which was subject to annual rent increases of approximately as was set forth in the Hunter Lease. During the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had cash payments related to the Hunter Lease of approximately and , respectively. On October 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Standard Purchase Agreement and Escrow Instructions (the Purchase Agreement to purchase the Hunter Property for a purchase price of million in cash, which closed on October 20, 2023. The Hunter Property is expected to continue to house the Company s corporate headquarters and Anaheim distribution center for the foreseeable future. The Hunter Property was purchased with cash, funded by the Company s available cash accounts and liquidated securities. August 31, 2023 Marketable securities 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. As required by Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Financial Executive, who also serves as the Company s principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Financial Executive has concluded that the Company s controls and procedures were not effective as of August 31, 2024, due to a material weakness related to the Company s internal controls over the financial statement closing process. (b) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is intended to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s management, with the participation of its Chief Financial Executive, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in its report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment under such criteria, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting has material weaknesses as of August 31, 2024, related to the Company s internal controls over the financial statement closing process, including manual journal entries recorded in the preparation of the financial statements. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, and/or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Remediation Plan We are in the process of developing and implementing a detailed plan for remediation of the material weakness, including developing and maintaining additional levels of review and approval. The Company has hired a third-party accounting consultant and has recently hired an Assistant Controller to aid in implementing additional levels of review and approval. We will continue to assess the effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our future assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As such, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information (b) During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, none of our directors or (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) , or a Rule 10b5-1 arrangement or non-Rule 105b-1 trading arrangement (as those terms are defined in 408 of Regulation S-K). Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Set forth below is certain information, as of August 31, 2024, regarding our directors and executive officers, including information regarding the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of each director that led the Board of Directors to conclude that such individual should serve on the Board. Directors and Executive Officers Directors Each director serves a one-year term, or until such director s successor has been elected and qualified. Glen F. Ceiley , age 78, has served as EACO s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since 1999. Mr. Ceiley is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Bisco, and has held those positions since he founded Bisco in 1973. He also served as President of Bisco prior to June 2010. In addition, Mr. Ceiley is a former director of Data I/O Corporation, a publicly-held company that provides programming systems for electronic device manufacturers. Mr. Ceiley has served as a director of EACO since 1998. As the founder of Bisco with over 50 years of experience in that industry, Mr. Ceiley is uniquely qualified to provide insights into and guidance on the industry, and growth and development of the Company. William L. Means , age 81, served as the Vice President of Information Technology of Bisco from 2001 until his retirement in June 2010. Prior to that, from 1997 to 2001, Mr. Means was Vice President of Corporate Development of Bisco. Mr. Means has served as a director of EACO since July 1999. He holds an M.B.A. degree from San Jose State University. Mr. Means provides extensive industry expertise to the Board, as well as a deep and broad understanding of the Company and its operations resulting from his years of service as an officer of Bisco. Stephen Catanzaro , age 71, Mr. Catanzaro previously owned and operated an accounting and tax practice. Mr. Catanzaro has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Allied Business Schools, Inc., a company that provides home study courses and distance education, from April 2004 until May 2018. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer of V M Restoration, Inc., a building restoration company, from September 2002 to February 2004, and the Chief Financial Officer of Bisco from September 1992 to March 2002. Mr. Catanzaro has served as a director of EACO since 1999. He holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from Lehman College of The City University of New York and an M.B.A. degree from Golden Gate University. Mr. Catanzaro offers to the Board valuable business and strategic insights obtained through his work in a variety of industries, as well as experience as a certified public accountant which is invaluable to his service in the Audit Committee. Mr. Catanzaro serves as the Company s audit committee chair. Ellen S. Bancroft , age 59, joined the Board in July 2022. Ms. Bancroft served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Semtech Corporation (Nasdaq: SMTC), a high-performance semiconductor, IoT systems, and cloud connectivity service provider from March 2024 until her retirement in November 2024. At Semtech, Ms. Bancroft was responsible for all corporate, legal, governance, M A and SEC matters. Ms. Bancroft also served as the General Counsel and Secretary of indie Semiconductor (Nasdaq: INDI), an automotive semiconductor company, from March 2021 until May 2022. Prior to that, she was a partner at the international law firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP since 2013, where she served as the Office Managing Partner for over five years. From 2003 to 2013, she was a partner and the California Corporate Group Head at Dorsey Whitney LLP. As a corporate partner, she regularly counseled corporate boards and related committees, advised various public companies on their public company reporting obligations and corporate governance matters, and led a variety of M A and corporate finance transactions. From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Bancroft served as a guest lecturer for the Corporate Governance Program at UCLA Anderson School of Business. She holds a J.D. degree from Vanderbilt University, and a B.S. degree in Business from Indiana University, Bloomington. Ms. Bancroft brings to the Board both public company and corporate governance expertise, as well as a broad legal and corporate finance background. Executive Officers Each executive officer holds office at the discretion of the Company s Board, or until the officer s successor has been elected and qualified. See above for biographical information for Mr. Ceiley, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Donald S. Wagner , age 62, has served as the President of Bisco since June 2010 and as its Chief Operating Officer since November 2007. Prior to his promotion to President, Mr. Wagner also held the title of Executive Vice President of Bisco since November 2007. Mr. Wagner has worked at Bisco since 1994 in a number of other capacities, including as Vice President of Product Management. Prior to joining Bisco, Mr. Wagner worked in the defense division at Rockwell International. He holds a B.A. degree in Communications from California State University, Fullerton. Michael Narikawa , age 43, has served as the Chief Financial Executive and the Principal Accounting Officer of EACO and Bisco since May 2014. Prior to his promotion as Chief Financial Executive, Mr. Narikawa served as Bisco s Accounting Supervisor from February 2009 to April 2014. Prior to joining Bisco, he was a Senior Auditor at KPMG, LLP from June 2005 to December 2008. Mr. Narikawa has a B.S. degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Accountancy from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Zach Ceiley , age 44, has served as the Executive Vice President of Bisco since December 2019. Prior to such promotion, Mr. Ceiley served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Bisco since September 2012 and was the Northern Regional Manager of Bisco from September 2010. Since he joined Bisco in February 2003, Mr. Ceiley has served the Company in a number of other capacities in the sales department, including as Cell Manager and Area Manager. Mr. Ceiley has a B.S. degree in Communications from the University of Colorado. Zach Ceiley is the son of Glen Ceiley, who is EACO s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and majority shareholder and Bisco s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Code of Ethics EACO has adopted a code of ethics applicable to its senior executive and financial officers. You may receive, without charge, a copy of the Financial Code of Ethical Conduct by contacting our Corporate Secretary, c/o Bisco Industries, Inc., at 5065 East Hunter Avenue, Anaheim, California 92807. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters should be brought to the attention of a member of our senior management or the Audit Committee as appropriate, and will be handled in accordance with the procedures established by the Audit Committee with respect to such matters. Director Independence EACO s Board currently consists of the following directors: Stephen Catanzaro, Glen Ceiley, Ellen Bancroft, and William L. Means. The Board has determined that three of its four directors, Stephen Catanzaro, Ellen Bancroft, and William L. Means, are independent as defined by the NASDAQ Stock Market s Marketplace Rules. In addition to such rules, the Board considered transactions and relationships between each director (and his immediate family) and the Company to determine whether any such relationships or transactions were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent. As a result, the Board determined that Mr. Ceiley is not independent, as he is an executive officer of EACO and Bisco, a member of Bisco s steering committee and the holder of a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company. Bisco s steering committee handles the day to day operations of the Company, and Mr. Ceiley has been intimately involved with decision-making that directly affects the financial statements of the Company. Board Structure The Board does not have a policy regarding the separation of the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as the Board believes it is in the best interest of the Company to make that determination based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board from time to time. Currently, Glen Ceiley, serves as the Chairman of the Board and CEO of both EACO and Bisco. The Board does not have a separate lead independent director, but the independent directors of the Company are actively involved in decision making by the Board. The Board has determined that the current structure is appropriate for the Company and enhances the Company s ability to execute its business and strategic plans and makes the best use of the CEO s knowledge of the Company and the industries that it serves, while maintaining strong independence over Board decisions and oversight through the involvement and participation of the independent directors. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Board Meetings and Committees In accordance with the Bylaws of EACO, which empower the Board to appoint such committees as it deems necessary and appropriate, the Board has established an Audit Committee and an Executive Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ). During the fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board held the following number of meetings: Board of Directors 4; Audit Committee 4; and Compensation Committee - 1. During fiscal 2024, no director attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors and the total number of meetings of any committees of the Board held while he was serving on the Board or such committee. Audit Committee The Audit Committee s basic functions are to assist the Board in discharging its fiduciary responsibilities to the shareholders and the investment community in the preservation of the integrity of the financial information published by the Company, to maintain free and open means of communication between the Company s directors, independent auditors and financial management, and to ensure the independence of the independent auditors. The Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, a copy of which was attached as Annex A to the Company s proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, as filed with the SEC on April 12, 2016. The Audit Committee charter is not available on EACO s website. The members of the Audit Committee are Stephen Catanzaro (Chairman), William Means, and Ellen Bancroft. The Board has determined that each of Stephen Catanzaro, William Means and Ellen Bancroft are independent under the independence standards for audit committee members as set forth in the NASDAQ Stock Market s Marketplace Rules and the applicable SEC rules. The Board has identified Mr. Catanzaro as the member of the Audit Committee who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under applicable SEC rules and regulations governing the composition of the Audit Committee. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee is generally responsible for establishing the salary and annual bonuses paid to executive officers of EACO and administering EACO s equity incentive plans, if any, including granting stock options to officers and employees of EACO. The Compensation Committee has not adopted a formal charter. The current members of the Compensation Committee are Glen Ceiley (Chairman) and William Means. The Board has determined that William Means is independent under the independence standards for Compensation Committee members as set forth in the NASDAQ Stock Market s Marketplace Rules. Mr. Ceiley is not an independent director. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Nomination of Directors The Board does not have a Nominating Committee, but each director participates in the consideration of director nominees. Given the size and resources of EACO (and the large number of shares of common stock held by our majority shareholder), the Board believes that this approach is appropriate. The Board believes that having a separate committee would not enhance the nomination process. While the Board does not have a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees, it strives to nominate directors with a variety of complementary skills and backgrounds so that, as a group, the Board will possess the appropriate talent, skills, insight and expertise to oversee our business. These factors, and others as considered useful by the Board, are reviewed in the context of an assessment of the perceived needs of the Board at a particular point in time. As a result, the priorities and emphasis of the Board may change from time to time to take into account changes in business and other trends, and the portfolio of skills and experience of current and prospective directors. The Board periodically reviews the performance of each Board member and concludes whether or not the member should continue in their current capacity. EACO has not adopted a charter relating to the director nomination process, however, the Board will consider candidates for directors recommended by our shareholders who meet the eligibility requirements for submitting recommendations as set forth in EACO s Bylaws. Eligible stockholders who seek to recommend a nominee must submit such recommendation in writing to the our Corporate Secretary (c/o Bisco Industries, Inc., at 5065 East Hunter Ave, Anaheim, California 92807), by the deadline for director nominations set forth in our last proxy statement, specifying the following information: (i) the name and address of the candidate; (ii) a brief biographical description, including the candidate s occupation for at least five years; (iii) a statement of the qualifications of the candidate; and (iv) the additional information concerning the candidate and the shareholder proposing such candidate as required by EACO s Bylaws. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each candidate to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. Directors should possess qualities such as an understanding of the Company s business and operations and corporate governance principles. In connection with its evaluation, the Board may request additional information from the candidate or the recommending shareholder, and may request an interview with the candidate. The Board has the discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination as directors. No candidates for director nominations were submitted to the Corporate Secretary by any shareholder in connection with the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. Oversight of Risk Management by the Board While our management has the primary responsibility for identifying and mitigating risks, the Board has the overall responsibility for the oversight of such risks, with a focus on the most significant risks facing the Company. The Board s duties in this regard are supplemented by committees of the Board. In particular, the Audit Committee focuses on financial risk, including internal controls, and is responsible for discussing with management and our independent auditors policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including the process by which we undertake major financial and accounting decisions. Risks related to our compensation programs are reviewed by the Compensation Committee. In connection with its responsibilities relating to risk assessment, our full Board receives reports on risk management from senior officers of the Company, including the CEO of the Company, and from the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and periodically engages in discussions of the most significant risks that the Company is facing and how these risks are being managed. While the Company has not experienced any material cyber attack or breach, the Board is currently evaluating cyber security risks and has retained a third party consultant to assist it in this regard. Throughout the year, the Board plans to dedicate a portion of their meetings to review and discuss specific risk topics in greater detail. Shareholder Communications The Board has established a process by which shareholders may send written communications to the attention of the Board, any committee of the Board or any individual Board member, care of our Corporate Secretary. The name of any specific intended Board recipient should be noted in the communication. Our Corporate Secretary will be primarily responsible for collecting, organizing and monitoring communications from shareholders and, where appropriate depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication, providing copies of such communications to the intended recipients. Communications will be forwarded to directors if they relate to appropriate and important substantive corporate or Board matters. Communications that are of a commercial or frivolous nature, or are offensive or otherwise inappropriate for the Board s consideration will not be forwarded to the Board. Shareholders who wish to communicate with the Board can write to the Corporate Secretary at EACO Corporation, c/o Bisco Industries, Inc., at 5065 East Hunter Avenue, Anaheim, California 92807. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Insider Trading Policy The Company has adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers, employees and independent contractors that the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to the Company. Directors, executive officers, employees and other related persons may not buy, sell or engage in other transactions in the Company s shares while aware of material non-public information; buy or sell securities of other companies while aware of material non-public information about those companies that they became aware of as a result of business dealings between the Company and those companies; or disclose material non-public information to any unauthorized persons outside of the Company. The policy also restricts trading and other transactions for a limited group of Company employees (including executive officers and directors) to defined window periods that follow the Company s quarterly earnings. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation The Compensation Committee is responsible for assisting with the establishment of the salary and annual bonuses paid to executive officers of EACO and administering EACO s equity incentive plans, if any, including granting stock options to officers and employees of EACO. The Compensation Committee has not adopted a formal charter. The current members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Glen Ceiley and William Means. The officers of EACO are Mr. Ceiley, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and Mr. Michael Narikawa, the Company s Chief Financial Executive and Principal Accounting Officer. Due to the nature of EACO s operations and related consolidated financial results, no additional salary or other compensation for their service as officers of EACO was determined to be necessary, and no such compensation was provided to Mr. Ceiley or Mr. Narikawa during fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. However, both of them receive compensation from Bisco for their services provided to Bisco. All compensation for the named executive officers for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 was paid by Bisco. The compensation of named executive officers who serve as officers of Bisco are determined by Bisco s Chairman of the Board, Glen Ceiley. Mr. Ceiley receives quarterly cash dividends in the amount of 19,125 on his shares of preferred stock of EACO and was paid a total of 76,500 during fiscal 2024. Summary Compensation The following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned from the Company (including from Bisco, our wholly-owned subsidiary) during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 by (i) our Chief Executive Officer, and (ii) the two other most highly compensated executive officers who were employed by the Company (including Bisco) as of August 31, 2024 and whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during that year. The officers listed below are collectively referred to as the named executive officers in this Annual Report. 

Fiscal All Other Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Compensation Total Glen F. Ceiley 2024 188,000 (1) 4,338 5,423 (2) 197,762 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of EACO and Bisco 2023 188,000 (1) 4,338 5,770 (2) 198,109 Donald S. Wagner 2024 314,672 123,291 14,736 (3) 452,700 President and Chief Operating Officer of Bisco 2023 289,066 224,785 15,732 (3) 529,583 Zachary Ceiley 2024 226,136 113,428 14,703 (3) 354,267 Executive Vice President of Bisco 2023 205,403 204,393 14,361 (3) 424,158 

 (1) Includes 18,200 consulting fees payable to Glen Ceiley s spouse, Barbara Ceiley, in each of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. (2) Consists of the Company s matching contribution for Mr. G. Ceiley pursuant to the Company s Section 401(k) plan. (3) Includes (i) auto allowance of 6,696 payable to each of Messrs. Z. Ceiley and Wagner in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023; (ii) Section 401(k) matching contributions of 8,007 and 8,036 payable to Mr. Z. Ceiley in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively; and (iii) Section 401(k) matching contributions of 8,040 and 9,036 payable to Mr. Wagner in each of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The Company did not grant any equity awards during fiscal 2024 to any named executive officer, and no outstanding equity awards were held by the named executive officers at August 31, 2024. Director Compensation The Company pays 12,000 per year in cash to each director who is not employed by EACO or its subsidiary as compensation for their Board services. In addition, directors who do not receive a salary from EACO or its subsidiaries receive a fee of 600 for each Board meeting attended. The Chairman of the Audit Committee receives a fee of 800 per meeting attended. No additional fees are paid to directors for attendance at meetings of the Audit Committee or the Compensation Committee of the Board. The following table sets forth the compensation of certain Company directors for the year ended August 31, 2024. (See the above Summary Compensation for information regarding Mr. Ceiley). 

Fees Earned or Director Paid in Cash Total Stephen Catanzaro 16,800 16,800 William Means 15,600 15,600 Ellen Bancroft 15,600 15,600 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The table below presents certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock (the Company s only voting security) as of October 31, 2024 (i) by each shareholder known to the Company to own more than five percent (5 of the outstanding common stock, (ii) by each named executive officer and director of the Company, and (iii) by all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. Under the rules of the SEC, the determinations of beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock are based upon Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under Rule 13d-3, shares will be deemed to be beneficially owned when a person has, either solely or with others, the power to vote or to direct the voting of shares and/or the power to dispose, or to direct the disposition of shares, or where a person has the right to acquire any such power within 60 days after the date such beneficial ownership is determined. Shares of the Company s common stock that a beneficial owner has the right to acquire within 60 days are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such owner but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Shares of Common Stock Percent of Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Beneficially Owned Class(2) Stephen Catanzaro Glen F. Ceiley (3) 4,702,813 95.9 William L. Means 322 Donald Wagner Zachary Ceiley Ellen Bancroft All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) (3) 4,703,135 95.9 

 Less than 1 (1) The address for each person named in the table is c/o Bisco Industries, Inc., 5065 East Hunter Ave, Anaheim, California 92807. (2) Based on 4,861,590 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 26, 2024. (3) Includes (i) 4,662,813 shares of common stock held by the Trust; (ii) 40,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the 36,000 shares of Series A cumulative convertible preferred stock held by the Trust (assuming no accrued unpaid dividends). 

38 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Since September 1, 2021, except as described below or under Item 11 (Executive Compensation), there has not been, nor is there any proposed transaction, where we (or any of our subsidiaries) were or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year end for the last two fiscal years and in which any director, director nominee, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. On November 21, 2017, Bisco entered into the Chicago Lease with the Trust for the Glendale Heights Property, which consists of office and warehouse space in Glendale Heights, Illinois. The initial base monthly rent is 22,600, which is subject to a 2.5 annual increase. As of August 31, 2024, the Company leased the Glendale Heights Property under operating lease agreements with the Trust, which is a grantor trust of Glen Ceiley, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and majority shareholder. On July 26, 2019, the Company entered into the Hunter Lease Agreement with the Trust, for the lease of the Hunter Property, which houses the Company s corporate headquarters. The Company completed its move to the headquarters located at the Hunter Property in March 2020. The term of the Hunter Lease commenced on September 2, 2019 and ended on October 20, 2023, when the Company purchased the Hunter Property. The Hunter Lease had an initial monthly rental rate of 66,300, which was subject to annual rent increases of approximately 2.5 as was set forth in the Hunter Lease. During fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company paid approximately 436,000 and 1,162,000, respectively, of rent related to the Chicago Lease and Hunter Lease. On July 26, 2019, the Company entered into the Hunter Lease with the Trust, for the lease of the Hunter Property, which houses the Company s corporate headquarters. The Company completed its move to the new headquarters in March 2020. The term of the Hunter Lease commenced on September 2, 2019 and ended on October 20, 2023, when the Company completed the purchase of the Hunter Property from the Trust for the amount of 31,000,000. The Company agreed to the Property Purchase primarily to utilize its cash position and to reduce its corporate overhead expenses. The Hunter Property is expected to continue to house the Company s corporate headquarters and Anaheim distribution center for the foreseeable future. See Note 9. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Services Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all auditing services and permissible non-audit services, including related fees and terms, to be performed for the Company by its independent auditor, subject to the de minimus exceptions for non-audit services described under the Exchange Act, which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Audit Committee also considers whether the provision by its independent accounting firm of any non-audit related services is compatible with maintaining the independence of such firm. For fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Audit Committee pre-approved all services performed for the Company by the auditor. Principal Accountant Fees During fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company paid Haskell White LLP 239,000 and 245,000, respectively, for audit fees. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of the financial statements included in the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K and for the reviews of the unaudited financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 and for other regulatory filings for such fiscal years. Other Fees There were no other fees billed by Haskell White LLP during fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 2. Financial Statement Schedules . 
 All financial schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in our consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits . 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Number Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on September 26, 1985. (Exhibit 3.01 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-1887, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on March 26, 1986. (Exhibit 3.03 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-1887, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.3 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on May 1, 1987. (Exhibit 3.04 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-17620, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.4 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on March 3, 1998. (Exhibit 3.08 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 1998, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.5 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on August 5, 2002 (Exhibit 3.09 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2004 is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.6 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc., changing the name of the corporation to EACO Corporation, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on June 18, 2004 (Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on September 3, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.7 Articles of Amendment Designating the Preferences of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 0.10 Par Value, as filed with the Florida Secretary of State on September 2, 2004 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 8, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.8 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment Designating the Preferences of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Florida on December 22, 2009 (Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Transition Report on Form 10-KT, as filed with the SEC on December 23, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.9 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on March 19, 1997, is incorporated herein by reference.) 3.10 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc. (Exhibit 3.08 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2000, is incorporated herein by reference.) 

 41 

Table of Contents 

Number Exhibit 3.11 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws effective December 21, 2009 (Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Transition Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2009 is incorporated herein by reference.) 4.1 Description of Securities 10.1 Business Loan Agreement dated July 12, 2019 10,000,000) between Bisco Industries, Inc. Bisco and Citizens Business Bank (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019). 10.2 Change in Terms Agreement dated July 12, 2019 10,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank (Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.3 Commercial Guaranty dated July 12, 2019 10,000,000) issued by EACO Corporation EACO as guarantor in favor of Citizens Business Bank. (Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.4 Change in Terms Agreement dated July 12, 2019 10,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank. (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 30, 2018, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.5 Commercial Security Agreement dated July 12, 2018 10,000,000) among Bisco, EACO and Community Bank. (Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2018, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.6 Change in Terms Agreement dated May 11, 2017 10,000,000) among Bisco, EACO and Citizens Business Bank. (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 23, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.7 Business Loan Agreement dated July 14, 2017 10,000,000) between Bisco and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.8 Promissory Note in the original principal amount of 10,000,000 dated July 14, 2016 issued by Bisco and payable to Community Bank. (Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.9 Business Loan Agreement dated July 12, 2019 5,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.10 Promissory Note dated July 12, 2019 5,000,000) issued by Bisco in favor of Citizens Business Bank (Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.11 Commercial Security Agreement dated July 12, 2019 5,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank. (Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed, as with the SEC on July 24, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.12 Change in Terms Agreement dated July 13, 2018 100,000 CD) among EACO and Community Bank (executed on July 24, 2018). (Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on July 30, 2018, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.13 Promissory Note dated July 12, 2016 100,000) issued by EACO and payable to Comerica Bank (Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.14 Business Loan Agreement dated May 15, 2017 5,400,000) between Bisco and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.15 Promissory Note dated May 15, 2017 5,400,000) issued by Bisco and payable to Community Bank. (Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.16 Commercial Guaranty dated May 15, 2017 issued by EACO in favor of Community Bank. (Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference). 10.17 Deed of Trust dated May 15, 2017 5,400,000) between Bisco and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K. as filed with the SEC on May 23, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference.) 

 42 

Table of Contents 

Number Exhibit 10.18 Assignment of Leases and Rents dated May 15, 2017 5,400,000) between Bisco and Community Bank (Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 23, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.19 Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions for Purchase of Real Estate dated September 19, 2019 (Lakeview sale and lease back) between Bisco and Charles S. Alemi or his assignee (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.20 Commercial and Industrial Lease Agreement dated November 21, 2017 (Chicago Lease) between Bisco and the Glen F. Ceiley and Barbara A. Ceiley Revocable Trust (the Trust (Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2017, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.21 Commercial and Industrial Lease Agreement dated July 26, 2019 (Hunter Lease) between Bisco and the Trust (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 1, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.22 Business Loan Agreement dated November 27, 2019 15,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank (executed on December 4, 2019). (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 6, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.23 Change in Terms Agreement dated November 27, 2019 15,000,000) between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank (executed on December 4, 2019) (Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 6, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.24 Commercial Guaranty dated November 27, 2019 15,000,000) between EACO and Citizens Business Bank (executed on December 4, 2019). (Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 6, 2019, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.25 Hunter Property Purchase Agreement 31,000,000) for Real Property and Escrow Instructions dated October 5, 2023 between Bisco and the Trust (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 6, 2023) 10.26 Change In Terms Agreement dated April 12, 2024, between Bisco Industries, Inc. and Citizens Business Bank for 20,000,000 line of credit (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 14, 2024, is incorporated herein by reference.) 10.27 Business Loan Agreement dated April 12, 2024, between Bisco and Citizens Business Bank for 20,000,000 (Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 14, 2024, is incorporated herein by reference.) 19.1 Statement of Policy regarding Insider Trading 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company (Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on November 29, 2011, is incorporated herein by reference.) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) pursuant to Securities and Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 Filed herewith. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

November 29, 2024 EACO Corporation /s/ Glen F. Ceiley By: Glen F. Ceiley Its: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Glen F. Ceiley Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 11/29/2024 Glen F. Ceiley (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) /s/ Michael Narikawa Chief Financial Executive (principal accounting officer) 11/29/2024 Michael Narikawa /s/ Steve Catanzaro Director 11/29/2024 Steve Catanzaro /s/ William Means Director 11/29/2024 William Means /s/ Ellen Bancroft Director 11/29/2024 Ellen Bancroft 

 44 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 eaco-20240831xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 The following summary describes the common stock of EACO Corporation, a Florida corporation (the Company ), which is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Only the Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK The following description of our common stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws, as amended and by applicable law. Authorized Capitalization We have authorized capital stock consisting of 8,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ), of which 40,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). As of November 21, 2024, we had 4,861,590 shares of Common Stock outstanding, held by approximately [ ] shareholders of record, and 36,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding held by [ ] shareholders. Common Stock Voting Rights . The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Dividend Rights . Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any preferential dividend rights of outstanding Preferred Stock, which may be authorized and issued in the future. We have no present intention to pay cash dividends to the holders of Common Stock. Liquidation and Dissolution Rights. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably the net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities, and subject further only to the prior rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock which may be authorized and issued in the future. Other Matters . The holders of Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. Cumulative voting in the election of directors is not permitted. Preferred Stock The rights, preferences and privileges of Preferred Stock could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences, the number of shares constituting any class or series and the designation of the class or series. Terms selected by our Board of Directors in the future could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of Common Stock or adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of shares of Common Stock without any further vote or action by the shareholders. As a result, the rights of holders of our Common Stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred 

 Stock or any other preferred stock that may be issued by us in the future, which could have the effect of decreasing the market price of our Common Stock. Series A Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue 40,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which 36,000 shares were outstanding as of November 21, 2024. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly dividends at a rate of 8.5 and shall be senior in liquidation preference to the Common Stock. The liquidation preference of 25.00 for each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock at the conversion price (subject to certain adjustment) of 0.90 per share. Anti-Takeover Provisions Certain provisions of Florida law and our bylaws summarized below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of us. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for our shares. These provisions expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Florida Law The Florida Business Corporation Act (the FBCA contains a control-share acquisition statute that provides that a person who acquires shares in an issuing public corporation, as defined in the statute, in excess of certain specified thresholds generally will not have any voting rights with respect to such shares unless such voting rights are approved by the holders of a majority of the votes of each class of securities entitled to vote separately, excluding shares held or controlled by the acquiring person. The FBCA also provides that an affiliated transaction between a Florida corporation with an interested shareholder, as those terms are defined in the statute, generally must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares, other than the shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder. The FBCA defines an interested shareholder as any person who is the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation. These laws could delay or prevent an acquisition. Special Stockholder Meetings Our bylaws and FBCA provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by our Chairman, President, Board of Directors, or by the holders of at least 10 of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at the proposed special meeting. Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 eaco-20240831xex19d1.htm
 EX-19.1

Exhibit 19.1 STATEMENT OF COMPANY POLICY REGARDING INSIDER TRADING Amended and Restated on November 27, 2024 This policy applies to all officers, directors and employees of EACO Corporation, Bisco Industries, Inc. and all of their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and supersedes all prior insider trading policies of the Company. I. THE NEED FOR A POLICY STATEMENT Under the federal securities laws, it is illegal to trade in the Company s securities or securities of the Company or other entities with which the Company conducts business (collectively referred to in this Policy as Company Securities while in the possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. It is also illegal to disclose or give material nonpublic information to others who may trade on the basis of that information or to advise others how to trade while in possession of material nonpublic information. Any person who possesses material nonpublic information about the Company is deemed to be an insider. The category of insiders is NOT limited to officers and directors of the Company. Insider trading violations are pursued vigorously by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice, and such violations are punished severely. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals who trade, or who tip inside information to others who trade, the federal securities laws also impose potential liability on companies and other controlling persons if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by Company personnel. Both the SEC and the national stock exchanges are very effective at detecting and pursuing insider trading cases. The SEC has successfully prosecuted cases against employees trading through foreign accounts, trading by family members and friends, and trading involving only a small number of shares. The Company has adopted this Statement of Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading (the Policy both to satisfy the Company s obligation to prevent insider trading and to help Company personnel avoid the severe consequences associated with violations of the insider trading laws. The Policy is also intended to prevent even the appearance of improper conduct on the part of anyone employed by or associated with the Company (not just the officers or directors of the Company). For clarity, this Policy also applies to family members, other members of a person s household and entities controlled by a person covered by this Policy, as described below. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this Policy, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material nonpublic information. Each individual is responsible for making sure that he, she or they complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member or entity whose transactions are subject to this Policy, as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. II. THE PENALTIES The consequences of an insider trading violation can be extremely serious and severe: Traders and Tippers . Company personnel (or their tippees) who trade on inside information (or tip inside information to others) are subject to the following penalties, among other things: 
 1 

 A civil penalty of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided; A criminal fine of up to 5,000,000 (no matter how small the profit from the trade); and A jail term of up to twenty years. 
 A person who tips information to a person who then trades is subject to the same penalties as the tippee, even if the person did not trade and did not profit from the tippee s trading. Control Persons . The Company and its supervisory personnel, if they fail to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal insider trading, can be subject to the following penalties: A civil penalty of up to 1,000,000 or, if greater, three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the employee s violation; and A criminal penalty of up to 25,000,000. 
 Company-Imposed Sanctions . Compliance with the Policy is a condition of continued employment or service with the Company of each employee, officer and director. An employee s failure to comply with the Company s insider trading policy could subject the employee to Company-imposed sanctions, which may include dismissal for cause, whether or not the employee s failure to comply results in a violation of law. The Company reserves the right to determine, in its own discretion and on the basis of the information available to it, whether this Policy has been violated. The Company may also determine that specific conduct violates this Policy whether or not the conduct also violates the law. It is not necessary for the Company to wait for the filing or conclusion of a civil or criminal action against the alleged violator before taking disciplinary action. Needless to say, a violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and irreparably damage a career. III. ADMINISTRATION OF THE POLICY The Company s Chief Financial Executive, shall be responsible for administration of this Policy. In event of his absence, another employee designated by the Chief Financial Executive shall serve as the point of contact for purposes of this Policy. IV. STATEMENT OF POLICY This Policy applies to transactions in Company Securities, including the Company s common stock or any other type of securities that the Company may issue from time to time, including (but not limited to) options to purchase common stock, preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants, as well as derivative securities that are not issued by the Company, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps relating to the Company s Securities. Transactions subject to this Policy include purchases, sales and bona fide gifts of Company Securities. It is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated by this Policy or by the Chief Financial Executive as subject to this Policy) who is aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company may, directly, or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities: 1. Engage in transactions in Company Securities, including, but not limited to buying and selling Company Securities, except as otherwise specified in this Policy, including under the headings Transactions Under Company Plans and Rule 10b5-1 Plans; 
 2 

 2. Recommend that others engage in transactions in any Company Securities; 3. Disclose material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or outside of the Company to other persons, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and expert consulting firms, unless any such disclosure is made in accordance with the Company s policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of information regarding the Company; or 4. Assist anyone engaged in the above activities. 
 In addition, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated as subject to this Policy) who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic information about a company (a) with which the Company does business, such as the Company s distributors, vendors, customers and suppliers, or (b) that is involved in a potential transaction or business relationship with Company, may engage in transactions in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. No Exception for Emergencies . There are no exceptions to this Policy, except as specifically noted herein. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are not excepted from the Policy. If the employee, officer or director has material nonpublic information, the prohibition still applies. The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to high standards of conduct. Disclosure of Information to Others . The Company may be required under federal securities laws to avoid the selective disclosure of material nonpublic information. The Company has established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad public dissemination of the information immediately upon its release. You may not disclose such information to anyone outside the Company, including family members and friends, other than in accordance with those procedures. You may not pass on to others any inside information about the Company or recommend the purchase or sale of Company Securities while in the possession of material nonpublic information (even if that information itself is not disclosed). Internet Disclosures . Due to the risk of inadvertent disclosure of material nonpublic information, you may not disclose or discuss any nonpublic information of the Company in any Internet chat room, message board or other Internet site (whether or not such site is specifically related to the Company). In addition, the Company strongly discourages you from participating in such forums in any capacity when the subject matter relates to the Company or to competitors of the Company or entities with which the Company has a significant business relationship. Material Information . Material information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to affect the Company s stock price, whether it is positive or negative, should be considered material. Some examples of information that ordinarily would be regarded as material are set forth below, but this list is not exhaustive other information may be deemed material based upon the circumstances: Projections of future financial performance, earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance; 
 3 

 Other financial information, including, but not limited to, revenue results, operating income or loss, or net income or loss; Changes to previously announced earnings guidance, or the decision to suspend earnings guidance; News about a significant contract award or cancellation of an existing significant contract; News about significant new products or services; The gain or loss of a significant supplier, distributor or customer; Development of new and significant technologies; A Company restructuring; A pending or proposed merger, acquisition, joint venture or tender offer; A pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a significant asset(s) or facility; The implementation, change in or results of a Company stock buy-back; A public or private offering of additional securities, borrowings, credit facilities or other financing transactions; A change in the Board of Directors, senior management or any other major personnel changes; Major marketing changes; Significant legal exposure due to actual, pending or threatened litigation; A significant cybersecurity incident, such as a data breach, or any other significant disruption in the Company s information technology infrastructure; or Significant related party transactions; A change in the Company s auditors or notification that the auditor s reports may no longer be relied upon; The imposition of an event-specific restriction on trading in Company Securities or the securities of another company or the extension or termination of such restriction; or Impending bankruptcy or the existence of financial or liquidity problems. 
 Twenty-Twenty Hindsight . Anyone scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction, you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. When Information is Public. Information that has not been disclosed to the public is generally considered to be nonpublic information. If you are aware of material nonpublic information, you may not trade until the information has been disclosed broadly to the marketplace (such as by press release or an SEC filing) and the investing public has had time to absorb the information fully. Information generally would be considered widely disseminated if it has been disclosed through the newswire services, a broadcast on widely-available radio or television programs, publication in a widely-available newspaper, magazine or news website, or public disclosure documents filed with the SEC that are available on the SEC s website. By contrast, information would likely not be considered 
 4 

 widely disseminated if it is available only to the Company s employees, or if it is only available to a select group of analysts, brokers and institutional investors. To avoid the appearance of impropriety, as a general rule, information should not be considered fully absorbed by the marketplace until after one full business day after the information is released . If, for example, the Company were to make an announcement on a Monday, you should not trade in Company Securities until Wednesday. Depending on the particular circumstances, the Company may determine that a longer or shorter period should apply to the release of specific material nonpublic information. Transactions by Family Members and Others . This Policy applies to your family members who reside with you (including a spouse, a child, a child away at college, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, grandparents, siblings and in-laws), anyone else who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in Company Securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control, such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in Company Securities (collectively referred to as Family Members ). You are responsible for the transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in Company Securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if the transactions were for your own account. This Policy does not, however, apply to personal securities transactions of Family Members where the purchase or sale decision is made by a third party not controlled by, influenced by or related to you or your Family Members. Gifts and Donations . Bona fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company Securities while the officer, employee or director is aware of material nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified below under the heading Additional Procedures and the sales by the recipient of the Company Securities occur during a blackout period. Whether a gift is truly bonafide will depend on the circumstances surrounding each gift. The more unrelated the donee is to the donor, the more likely the gift would be considered bonafide. For example, gifts to charities, churches and service organizations would clearly not be a trading transaction. On the other hand, gifts to dependent children followed by a sale of the gift securities in close proximity to the time of the gift may imply some economic benefit to the donor and, therefore, make the gift non bonafide. In addition, please note that a gift transaction by executive officers and directors is required to be reported on a Form 4 within two (2) business days of such transaction, therefore it is important that executive officers and directors inform the Company immediately of any pending gift transactions. Transactions Under Company Plans . This Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions, except as specifically noted: a. Stock Option Exercises . This Policy does not apply to the exercise of an employee stock option acquired pursuant to the Company s plans, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have the Company withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. This Policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. b. Restricted Stock Awards . This Policy does not apply to the vesting of restricted stock, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock. The Policy does apply, however, to any market sale of restricted stock. 
 5 

 c. Employee Stock Purchase Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in an employee stock purchase plan resulting from your periodic contribution of money to the plan pursuant to the election you made at the time of your enrollment in the plan. This Policy also does not apply to purchases of Company Securities resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided that you elected to participate by lump sum payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. This Policy does apply, however, to your election to participate in the plan for any enrollment period, and to your sales of Company Securities purchased pursuant to the plan. Additional Prohibited Transactions . The Company considers it improper and inappropriate for any director, officer or employee of the Company to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in Company Securities. It therefore is the Company s policy that directors, officers and employees may NOT engage in any of the following transactions: a. Short Sales . Short sales of Company Securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of Company Securities are prohibited by this Policy. In addition, the Company may be subject to Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales. b. Publicly-Traded Options . A transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of the Company s stock, and therefore creates the appearance that the director, officer or employee is trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus the director s, officer s or employee s attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities involving the Company, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by the Policy. (Option positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the section below captioned Hedging Transactions ). c. Margin Accounts and Pledges . Securities held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from holding Company Securities in a margin account or pledging Company Securities as collateral for a loan, unless prior written approval has been obtained pursuant to the Pre-Clearance Procedure set forth in the Addendum to this Policy. An exception to this prohibition is available where a person wishes to pledge Company Securities as collateral for a loan (not including margin debt) and clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. d. Hedging Transactions . Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts, allow a director, officer or employee to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the director, officer or employee to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other shareholders. Therefore, the Company discourages you from engaging in such transactions. Any person wishing to enter into such an arrangement must first pre-clear the 
 6 

 proposed transaction with the Company s Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer. Any request for pre-clearance of a hedging or similar arrangement must be submitted to the Company s Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer for approval prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed transaction and must set forth a justification for the proposed transaction. Post-Termination Transactions . The Policy continues to apply to your transactions in Company Securities even after you have terminated service as an employee, officer or director of the Company. If you are in possession of material nonpublic information when your service terminates, you may not trade in Company Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. Event Specific Black-Outs; Cancellation of Existing Orders . The Company may, on occasion, engage in a major transaction or experience a significant event which would constitute material nonpublic information. The Company reserves the right to enforce a trading window, and, in its sole discretion, may prohibit you from trading in Company stock during such transaction or event. As such, the Company may require you to cancel existing orders (including good until cancelled orders) and also may instruct your broker to cancel any such orders. Do not assume that the Company will notify you when it believes you are in possession of inside information. The law states that you may not trade while in the possession of inside information. Ultimately, however, the responsibility for adhering to this Policy and avoiding unlawful transactions rests with the individual employee, officer or director. Contract Personnel (Non-Employees) . The Company sometimes utilizes the services of contract personnel who are not employees of the Company. As such, non-employee personnel may have access to material nonpublic information about the Company. All such contract personnel must comply with the Policy to the same extent as employees are required to comply with such policy. The Company will take appropriate action against any such personnel and the organizations for which they are employed if there is a failure to comply with the policies of the Company. Rule 10b5-1 Plans . Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be eligible to rely on this defense, a person subject to this Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan for transactions in Company Securities that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, transactions in Company Securities may occur without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. In general, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information. Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party. All persons entering into a Rule 10b5-1 plan must act in good faith with respect to that plan. A Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Chief Financial Executive and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and these guidelines. Any Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be submitted for approval prior to the entry into the Rule 10b5-1 Plan. No further pre-approval of transactions conducted pursuant to the Rule 10b5-1 Plan will be required. The following additional guidelines apply to all Rule 10b5-1 Plans: For executive officers and directors, no transaction may take place under a Rule 10b5-1 Plan until the later of (a) 90 days after adoption or modification (as specified in Rule 10b5-1) of the Rule 10b5-1 Plan or (b) two business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter (the 
 7 

 Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a Form 10-K) in which the Rule 10b5-1 Plan was adopted or modified (as specified in Rule 10b5-1). In any event, the cooling-off period is subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of the plan. For persons other than executive officers and directors, no transaction may take place under a Rule 10b5-1 Plan until 30 days following the adoption or modification (as specified in Rule 10b5-1) of a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. Subject to certain limited exceptions specified in Rule 10b5-1, you may not enter into more than one Rule 10b5-1 Plan at the same time; Subject to certain limited exceptions specified in Rule 10b5-1, you are limited to only one Rule 10b5-1 designed to effect an open market purchase or sale of the total amount of securities subject to the Rule 10b-1 Plan as a single transaction in any 12-month period; You must act in good faith with respect to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. A Rule 10b5-1 Plan cannot be entered into as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibition of Rule 10b5. Therefore, although modifications to an existing Rule 10b5-1 Plan are not prohibited, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan should be adopted with the intention that it will not be amended or terminated prior to its expiration. Executive officers and directors must include a representation to the Company at the time of adoption or modification of a Rule 10b5-1 Plan that (i) the person is not aware of material nonpublic information about the Company or Company Securities and (ii) the person is adopting the plan in good faith and not as part of plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. 
 You should note that the termination of a Trading Plan may result in the loss of an affirmative defense for past or future transactions under a Trading Plan. You should consult with your own legal counsel before deciding to terminate a Trading Plan. If an individual terminates a Trading Plan after the first option exercise or stock sale, then the individual must cancel all outstanding transactions under the Trading Plans and agree not to enter into another Trading Plan until a waiting period has expired, and the length of such waiting period will depend on the nature of the termination and you should consult with the Chief Financial Executive regarding such waiting period. Amendments to plans call into question as to whether the Trading Plan was initially executed in good faith and increase the risk of a loss of affirmative defense afforded under Rule 10b5-1. Accordingly, any amendment of Trading Plan will not be permitted unless it has been pre-cleared by the Chief Financial Executive. Furthermore, please note that an amendment of a Trading Plan may require the reinstatement of a new cooling-off period as required under SEC rules. Under certain circumstances, a Trading Plan must be terminated. This includes circumstances such as the announcement of a merger or the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction either to violate the law or to have an adverse effect on the Company. The Chief Financial Executive of the Company is authorized to notify the broker in such circumstances, thereby insulating the Insider in the event of termination. The Company and the Company s executive officers and directors must make certain disclosures in SEC filings concerning Rule 10b5-1 Plans. Executive officers and directors of the Company must undertake to provide any information requested by the Company regarding Rule 10b5-1 Plans for the purpose of providing the required disclosures or any other disclosures that the Company deems to be appropriate under the circumstances. 
 8 

 Each director, executive officer and other Section 16 insider understands that the approval or adoption of a pre-planned selling program in no way reduces or eliminates such person s obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, including such person s disclosure and short-swing trading liabilities thereunder. If any questions arise, such person should consult with their own counsel in implementing a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. Company Assistance . Any person who has a question about this Policy or its application to any proposed transaction may obtain additional guidance from the Chief Financial Executive, Chief Operating Officer, or the Company s legal counsel. In addition, if you have any doubt as to whether you are in possession of material nonpublic information or whether a trade may otherwise violate this Policy, you should contact the foregoing person(s) before trading any securities of the Company. Other Procedures . The Company may change these procedures or adopt such other procedures in the future as the Company considers appropriate or advisable in order to carry out the purposes of this Policy or to comply with the federal securities laws. Wherever this Policy refers to, or calls for action by or involving the Company s Chief Financial Executive, such reference shall include such other person as the Chief Financial Executive may designate from time to time, if the Chief Financial Executive is unavailable or otherwise unable to act for any reason. No Third Party Rights . This Policy is not intended to create any rights in third parties with respect to any violation of its terms and is also not intended to create any legal liability for the Company or any employee, officer or director beyond those for which they are already responsible under applicable securities laws. Certifications . All employees, officers and directors must certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Policy. A copy of the certification that all employees (other than executive officers) must sign is attached to this Policy. Please return an executed copy of the attached certification immediately. Directors, executive officers and certain key employees are also subject to additional restrictions on their transactions in Company Securities, which are described in a separate Addendum to this Policy. Directors, executive officers and such key employees subject to the Addendum should sign the certification attached to that Addendum instead of the one attached hereto. 
 9 

 CERTIFICATION I hereby certify that: 1. I have read and understand the Statement of Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading dated November 27, 2024 (the Policy ). I understand that the Chief Financial Executive and the legal counsel of EACO Corporation, Bisco Industries, Inc. and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Company are available to answer any questions I have regarding the Policy.
 2. I agree that I will comply with the Policy for as long as I am subject to the Policy.
 3. I agree that the Company may at any time and in its sole discretion issue a prohibition on trading in Company Securities and that the Company shall have full power and authority to cancel any outstanding orders, including good until cancelled orders, that I may place, but that I have the sole responsibility for compliance with the Policy. I further agree and represent that I will not trade in Company Securities while I am in possession of material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
 4. This certification constitutes consent for the Company to issue any necessary stop- transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent (or brokerage firm) to enforce compliance with this Policy.

Signature: Print Name: Date: 
 
 10 

 ADDENDUM TO STATEMENT OF COMPANY POLICY REGARDING INSIDER TRADING Amended and Restated on November 27, 2024 This Addendum applies to all directors, executive officers and certain key employees of EACO Corporation, Bisco Industries, Inc. and all of their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Company In addition to adopting the Statement of Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading (the Policy ), the Company has adopted procedures governing transactions in Company Securities by directors, executive officers and key employees. These procedures also apply to other employees who regularly become aware of earnings information or other material nonpublic information about the Company. This Addendum supplements the Policy and describes these procedures. I. PRE-CLEARANCE PROCEDURES To help prevent inadvertent violations of the federal securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading on inside information, directors, executive officers and key employees of the Company and any other persons designated by the Company s Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer as being subject to the Company s pre-clearance procedures, together with their family members, may not engage in any transaction involving Company Securities (including a stock plan transaction such as an option exercise, gift, loan or pledge or hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer. A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer in advance of the proposed transaction . The Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer is under no obligation to approve a trade submitted for pre- clearance, and may in their sole discretion, determine not to permit the trade. If a person seeks pre- clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should refrain from initiating any transaction in Company Securities, and should not inform any other person of the restriction. Transactions not effected within the time limit would be subject to pre-clearance again. When a request for pre-clearance is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic information about the Company, and should describe fully those circumstances to the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer. In the event the requester is a director or an executive officer, the requestor should also indicate whether he or she has effected any non-exempt opposite-way transactions within the past six months, and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an appropriate Form 4 or Form 5. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule 144 and file a Form 144, if necessary, at the time of any sale. The person must also notify the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer within two business days following completion of the transaction. II. BROKER INTERFACE PROCEDURES In the event the Company becomes subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the accelerated reporting obligations for Section 16 reports require tight interface with brokers handling transactions for our executives and directors. We require that you provide a copy of this Addendum to your broker and such broker must agree that he or she: 
 11 

 (a) Will not enter any orders for you (except for orders under pre-approved Rule 10b5-1 plans) without first: (1) verifying with the Company that your transaction was pre-cleared; and (2) complying with the brokerage firm s compliance procedures (e.g., Rule 144). (b) Report any transactions immediately to the Chief Financial Executive or the Company s legal counsel via: (1) telephone; and (2) in writing via e-mail describing the details of every transaction involving Company Securities, including gifts, transfers, pledges, and all 10b5-1 transactions. III. BLACKOUT PERIODS (a) Quarterly Blackout Periods . The Company s announcement of its quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market for Company Securities. Therefore, to avoid even the appearance of trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, persons who are or may be expected to be aware of the Company s quarterly financial results generally will not be pre-cleared to trade in Company Securities during the period beginning two weeks prior to the end of each fiscal quarter and ending after the second full business day following the earlier of the Company s (i) issuance of its quarterly earnings release, or (ii) if applicable, filing of its periodic report for the corresponding quarter (or year in the case of a Form 20-F or Form 10-K, as applicable). Persons subject to these quarterly blackout periods include all directors, executive officers, key employees, all employees in the accounting or finance department who have access to the Company s financial information, and all other persons who are informed by the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer that they are subject to the quarterly blackout periods. The Company may on occasion issue interim earnings guidance or other potentially material information by means of a press release, a Form 6-K, a Form 8-K filed with the SEC or by other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. You should anticipate that trades are unlikely to be pre-cleared while the Company is in the process of assembling the information to be released and until the information has been released and fully absorbed by the market. (b) Event-Specific Blackout Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors or employees. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, directors, executive officers, key employees, and such other persons as are designated by the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer may not trade in Company Securities. In addition, the Company s financial results may be sufficiently material in a particular fiscal quarter that, in the judgment of the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer, designated persons should refrain from engaging in transactions in Company Securities even sooner than the quarterly blackout period described in the previous section. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced, other than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the blackout. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to pre- clearance requests permission to trade in Company Securities during an event-specific blackout, the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer will inform the requester of the existence of a blackout period, without disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. The failure 
 12 

 of the Chief Financial Executive or Chief Operating Officer to designate a person as being subject to an event-specific blackout will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of material nonpublic information. (c) Exceptions . The quarterly trading restrictions and event-specific trading restrictions do not apply to those transactions to which this Policy does not apply, as described in the Policy under the heading Transactions Under Company Plans. Furthermore, the following exceptions apply: Rule 10b5-1 Plans Exception . The requirement for pre-clearance of all trades, the quarterly trading restrictions and event-specific trading restrictions do not apply to transactions conducted pursuant to approved Rule 10b5-1 plans, described under the heading Rule 10b5-1 Plans in the Policy. IV. POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS If you are aware of material nonpublic information when you terminate service as a director, officer or employee of the Company, you may not trade in Company Securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. In all other respects, the procedures set forth in this Addendum will cease to apply to your transactions in Company Securities upon the expiration of any blackout period that is applicable to your transactions at the time of your termination of service. V. GENERAL a. Company Assistance . Any person who has a question about the Policy or this Addendum or their application to any proposed transaction may obtain additional guidance from the Chief Financial Executive or the Company s legal counsel. In addition, if you have any doubt as to whether you are in possession of material nonpublic information or whether a trade may otherwise violate the Policy or this Addendum, you should contact the Company s Chief Financial Executive or legal counsel before trading any securities of the Company. Ultimately, however, the responsibility for adhering to the Policy and this Addendum and avoiding unlawful transactions rests with the individual director, officer and employee. b. Other Procedures . The Company may change these procedures or adopt such other procedures in the future as the Company considers appropriate in order to carry out the purposes of the Policy and this Addendum or to comply with the federal securities laws. Wherever this Policy refers to, or calls for action by or involving the Company s Chief Financial Executive, such reference shall include such other person as the Chief Financial Executive may designate from time to time, if the Chief Financial Executive is unavailable or otherwise unable to act for any reason. c. No Third Party Rights . Neither the Policy nor this Addendum is intended to create any rights in third parties with respect to any violation of its terms and neither is intended to create any legal liability for the Company or any employee, officer or director beyond those for which they are already responsible under applicable securities laws. d. Certifications . All directors, officers and employees subject to the procedures set forth in this Addendum must certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, the Policy and this Addendum. Please return an executed copy of the attached certification immediately. 
 13 

 CERTIFICATION (For Executive Officers, Directors and Certain Key Employees) I hereby certify that: 1. I have read and understand the Statement of Company Policy Regarding Insider Trading (the Insider Trading Policy dated November 27, 2024 of EACO Corporation, Bisco Industries, Inc. and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and the Addendum to such policy dated November 27, 2024 (collectively, the Insider Trading Policy ). I understand that the Chief Financial Executive and the legal counsel of the Company are available to answer any questions I have regarding the Insider Trading Policy. 2. I agree that I will comply with the Insider Trading Policy for as long as I am subject to such policy. 3. I understand that all of my trades must be preapproved by the Company s Chief Financial Executive, Chief Operating Officer, or such other person as the Company may designate from time to time. 4. I agree that the Company may at any time and in its sole discretion issue a prohibition on trading in Company Securities, and that the Company shall have full power and authority to cancel any outstanding orders, including good until cancelled orders, that I may place, but I understand that I have the sole responsibility for compliance with the Insider Trading Policy. I further agree and represent that I will not trade in Company Securities while I am in possession of material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 5. This certification constitutes consent for the Company to issue any necessary stop- transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent to enforce compliance with the Insider Trading Policy. Signature: Print Name: Date: 
 
 14 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 eaco-20240831xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Glen Ceiley, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EACO Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 29, 2024 /S/ GLEN CEILEY Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 eaco-20240831xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of EACO Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. Date: November 29, 2024 /S/ GLEN CEILEY Glen Ceiley, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eaco-20240831.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eaco-20240831_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eaco-20240831_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eaco-20240831_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

