<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-K_edgar_data_1177648_0000950170-24-131260.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33713602</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>494689</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>22691753</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5233652</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1913828</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2991882</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-131260.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127083540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-131260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001177648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				043205099
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35839
		FILM NUMBER:		241506461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 KINGSBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617 607 0800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 KINGSBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			WATERTOWN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02472

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-131260.txt : 20241127

10-K
 1
 enta-20240930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

x 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files): No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, March 31, 2024, based on the last reported sale price of the registrant s common stock of 17.46 per share was . The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 5, 2024 was shares . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

As used in this Form 10-K, Enanta, the Company, we, our, and us refer to Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and MAVYRET/MAVIRET refers to AbbVie s HCV regimen consisting of tablets of glecaprevir/pibrentasvir, except where the context otherwise requires or as otherwise indicated. MAVYRET , MAVIRET , VIEKIRA PAK , VIEKIRAX and EXVIERA are trademarks of AbbVie, Inc. 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements concerning our business, operations and financial performance and condition, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, potential, positioned, seek, should, target, will, would, and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about overall trends, royalty revenue trends, research and clinical development plans, liquidity and capital needs and other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on our management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and our management s beliefs and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may turn out to be inaccurate. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Risk Factors and discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the year ended September 30, 2024 
 INDEX 

Item No. 

Page 

Summary of Principal Risk Factors 
 1 

PART I 

1. 
 
 Business 
 3 

1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 32 

1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 

1C. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 56 

2. 
 
 Properties 
 57 

3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 57 

4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 

5. 
 
 Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 

6. 
 
 Reserved 
 59 

7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 

7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 70 

8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 70 

9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 

9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 

9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 71 

9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 

PART III 

10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 

11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 72 

12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 

13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 

14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV 

15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 

16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 76 

Signatures 
 77 

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 This summary briefly states the principal risks and uncertainties facing our business that could affect our common stock, which are only a select portion of those risks. A more complete statement of those risks and uncertainties is set forth in the Section 1A Risk Factors of this report. This summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete statement. You should carefully read the entire statement and Risk Factors when considering the risks and uncertainties as part of your evaluation of an investment in our common stock. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to achieve our goals. If we do not generate sufficient funding from our existing collaboration and any future collaborations, we will need to obtain additional funding to support our operations. A failure to obtain funding when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate some or all of our product development efforts. 

Our revenues for the next several years are substantially dependent upon AbbVie s success selling MAVYRET/MAVIRET, which includes our protease inhibitor, glecaprevir, for the treatment of HCV . 

AbbVie may continue to experience lower sales volume in future quarters, primarily due to a reduction in diagnoses and treatment rates of HCV. 

AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen will have to continue to compete successfully against other products and therapies for HCV, including competition for exclusive arrangements with third-party payors and governmental entities as well as price competition, both in the U.S. and in other markets worldwide. 

Beginning after June 30, 2023, 54.5 of our reported revenues represent payments that go directly to OMERS following our April 2023 sale of that portion of our MAVYRET/MAVIRET royalties earned through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments to OMERS equal to 1.42 times the purchase price. 

Any further changes in royalty revenue earned under our AbbVie agreement or in the level of expenses associated with our clinical development programs, or both, will cause our results of operations to fluctuate from period to period. If AbbVie continues to experience lower sales volumes in future quarters combined with research and development expenses in support of our advancing programs, we expect to have continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

Many of the preclinical and clinical development activities required for our product candidates must be contracted out to contract research organizations, or CROs, at significant expense. We expect these expenses to increase substantially in the coming years if we are able to advance any of our compounds into registrational clinical studies, as well as any impact of inflation, the combination of which will likely result in continuing operating losses. 

There are many companies developing potential therapies for RSV, SARS-CoV-2, type 2 immune and mast-cell-driven diseases and other virology and immunology indications, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before we do or doing so more successfully than we do. 

In most of the disease areas currently the subject of our research and development efforts, there are other companies with product candidates that are more advanced than ours. 

If we are not first to market or sufficiently differentiated with one of our product candidates in one or more of our targeted disease indications, such as COVID-19, our competitive position could be compromised because it may be more difficult for us to obtain marketing approval for that product candidate and/or market acceptance of that product candidate as a follow-on competitor. 

Clinical drug development for viral infections and immunology indications involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines, uncertain outcomes and evolving clinical endpoints for regulatory approvals. If clinical trials of any of our proprietary product candidates are prolonged or delayed, we may be unable to commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis . 

None of our product candidates in our clinical development pipeline has yet to advance beyond Phase 2 clinical trials. 

Changes in regulatory requirements, policies and guidelines, including guidelines specifically addressing requirements for the development of treatments for RSV, SARS-CoV-2 or other virology and immunology 

1 

indications could also delay the time required to reach regulatory approval of one or more of our product candidates. 

The results of clinical trials are inherently uncertain. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, if any, including sufficient efficacy and an acceptable safety and tolerability profile . 

Several companies in the disease areas we are seeking to address have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to adverse safety profiles or lack of efficacy, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies. 

Clinical trials involving our product candidates may be suspended or terminated at any time for a number of safety-related reasons. For example, administering any product candidate to humans may produce undesirable side effects not identified in preclinical studies. 

We may choose to test any of our clinical candidates preclinically and/or clinically in combination with other compounds with different mechanisms of action. Any adverse results from such testing may have adverse consequences for the further development potential of not only the combination but also the clinical candidate itself as a monotherapy or in combination with other mechanisms of action. 

We may delay or terminate the development of a product candidate at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity does not justify further investment. 

We could be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining adequate patent protection for one or more of our product candidates. 

We are competing to develop intellectual property in areas of small-molecule drug development that are highly competitive. 

We cannot be certain that patents will be issued or granted with respect to our patent applications that are currently pending, or that issued or granted patents will not later be found to be invalid and/or unenforceable, be interpreted in a manner that does not adequately protect our products, or otherwise fail to provide us with any competitive advantage. 

We cannot be certain that we were the first to file patent applications on our product candidates or for their uses, or that our product candidates will not infringe patents that are currently issued or that are issued in the future. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture our clinical drug supplies, monitor, support, conduct and/or oversee clinical trials of our product candidates that we develop independently. 

2 

PART I 
 ITEM 1.	B USINESS 
 BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company that uses our robust, chemistry-driven approach and drug discovery capabilities to discover and develop small molecule drugs with an emphasis on virology and immunology. 
 Virology 
 We discovered glecaprevir, the second of two antiviral protease inhibitors discovered and developed through our collaboration with AbbVie for the treatment of chronic infection with hepatitis C virus, or HCV. Glecaprevir is co-formulated as part of AbbVie s leading brand of direct-acting antiviral, or DAA, combination treatment for HCV, which has been marketed under the tradenames MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.) (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir) since 2017. 
 
 Our active development programs in virology are focused on respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, the most common cause of bronchiolitis and pneumonia and leading cause of U.S. hospitalization in young children and a significant cause of respiratory illness in older adults, with estimates suggesting that on average each year RSV leads to three million hospitalizations globally in children under 5 years old and 177,000 hospitalizations in the U.S. in adults over the age of 65. 
 
 We also have development programs in virology for the following disease targets: 
 SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, with estimates suggesting that COVID-19 continues to have a disease burden greater than influenza, including persistent cases of infection often referred to as long COVID and hospitalization and death among the elderly and those with comorbidities, while new variants continue to emerge on a regular basis; and 

Hepatitis B virus, or HBV, the most prevalent chronic hepatitis, which is estimated by the World Health Organization to affect close to 300 million individuals worldwide. 

Immunology 
 
 In immunology, we are designing and developing highly potent and selective, oral small molecule inhibitors for the treatment of inflammatory disease by targeting key mechanisms of immune response. Our initial focus has been on mechanisms involved in an overactive type 2 immune response, which is the reaction of the body's immune system when the body detects infections or allergens and sends out immune cells to fight them. An overactive response is a primary driver of a number of inflammatory diseases. 
 
 Our initial immunology targets involve the following mechanisms of immune response: 
 
 The receptor tyrosine kinase, known as KIT, which is critical for regulating mast cell activity; and 

STAT6, a transcription factor uniquely responsible for interleukin-4 (IL-4)/interleukin-13 (IL-13) cell signaling, the factors that play important roles in regulating the responses of lymphocytes, myeloid cells, and non-hematopoietic cells within the immune system. 

These mechanisms are implicated, along with others, in several diseases, and it is not uncommon for an efficacious treatment for one disease to be tested and approved for other immunology indications. We currently plan to focus our immunology drug development efforts on the following disease indications: 
 
 Chronic spontaneous urticaria, or CSU, a severely debilitating, chronic inflammatory skin disease manifested by hives, angioedema, which is swelling of soft tissues, or both, but with no identified triggers, which has an estimated global prevalence of between 0.5 1 of the population, resulting in approximately 1.75-3.5 million people with this condition at any given time in the U.S. alone; and 

Atopic dermatitis, or AD, a chronic dermatological disease characterized by dry, red, inflamed, irritated and itchy skin with significant quality of life impacts such as leading a limited lifestyle, avoidance of social 

3 

interactions and a reduced range of activities, with AD affecting 7.3 of the US adult population, of whom ~40 have moderate to severe disease. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 248.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024 as well as the cash flows from our retained portion of future HCV royalties will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into fiscal 2027. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with clinical development and commercialization, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, non-dilutive financings, collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing agreements. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements, when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the further development and commercialization efforts of one or more of our products, or may be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 
 Our Wholly-Owned Programs 
 Our primary wholly-owned research and development programs are in virology and immunology. 
 
 RSV . In virology, we have two clinical stage product candidates for RSV zelicapavir (formerly EDP-938) and EDP-323. Both of these compounds are replication inhibitors that work by shutting down replication and the production of new virions, as opposed to the other mechanism in development of fusion inhibition that only blocks viral entry. Zelicapavir, which has Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, is a potent inhibitor of the RSV N-protein for both major subgroups of RSV, referred to as RSV-A and RSV-B. Zelicapavir is being studied in two Phase 2 studies, each in a different high risk patient population. EDP-323, which also has a Fast Track designation from the FDA, is an inhibitor of the RSV L-protein for both major subgroups of RSV that has recently completed a Phase 2 challenge study. 
 Zelicapavir - N-protein Inhibitor Candidate: We have studied zelicapavir in two Phase 2 studies that were designed to be proof-of-concept and exploratory studies in otherwise healthy young adults (not at high-risk for serious outcomes with RSV) to understand the viral response in the context of RSV infection. With these studies, zelicapavir has demonstrated a favorable safety profile, consistent with that observed in over 500 subjects exposed to zelicapavir to date. We believe that zelicapavir has the greatest potential to show optimal efficacy in high-risk populations since these patients have reduced RSV immunity, which manifests in a higher and longer duration of viral load and greater disease severity, allowing a bigger window to realize the full potential of zelicapavir. Based on its growing safety profile, we are continuing to evaluate zelicapavir in high-risk populations, including pediatric patients and high-risk adults, all of which have significant unmet need: 

o Pediatric Study of Zelicapavir: RSVPEDs is a Phase 2 study of zelicapavir in 96 pediatric patients, aged >28 days to 4 

2024, we announced positive topline results for EDP-323 in a Phase 2a challenge study of healthy adults infected with RSV. Treatment with EDP-323 achieved highly statistically significant (p= 
 COVID-19 . We leveraged our expertise in developing protease inhibitors to discover compounds specifically designed to target the SARS-CoV-2 virus and potentially other coronaviruses. We selected EDP-235, an oral inhibitor of the coronavirus 3CL protease, also referred to as 3CLpro or the main coronavirus protease, or Mpro, for clinical development. In addition to nanomolar activity against all SARS-CoV-2 variants tested to date, EDP-235 has potent antiviral activity against other human coronaviruses, enabling the potential for a pan-coronavirus treatment, including possibly coronaviruses that may infect human populations in the future. Furthermore, EDP-235 has good tissue distribution, and is projected to have four times higher drug levels in lung tissue compared to plasma. 
 SPRINT Study of EDP-235: In May 2023, we reported topline results from a Phase 2 clinical trial of EDP-235 in non-hospitalized, symptomatic patients with mild to moderate COVID-19 who were not at increased risk for developing severe disease, which was the only study population permitted by the FDA. EDP-235 met the primary endpoint of the trial and was generally safe and well-tolerated. 

o A dose-dependent improvement in total symptom score was observed with EDP-235 treatment compared to placebo, which achieved statistical significance (p 
 We will continue to focus on potential collaborations to progress EDP-235, as we will not advance this candidate into Phase 3 studies on our own. 
 
 Immunology . We are designing and developing highly potent and selective, oral, small molecule inhibitors targeting the following mechanisms of immune response: 
 KIT Inhibitors . We have a preclinical stage program to develop oral KIT inhibitors to treat CSU and potentially other indications by depleting mast cells, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral KIT inhibitors, which are in preclinical development. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we selected our lead development candidate, EPS-1421. This candidate demonstrates potent nanomolar activity in both binding and cellular function assays and is highly selective for KIT versus other kinases. This inhibitor also demonstrates strong in vitro and in vivo ADME properties. We expect to conduct scale-up activities and IND-enabling studies for this program in 2025. 

STAT6 Inhibitors . We have a discovery stage program to develop oral inhibitors of the signal transducer and activator of transcription 6 transcription factor, known as STAT6, for the treatment of type 2 immune driven diseases, initially focusing on AD and potentially other indications by blocking the IL-4/IL-13 signaling pathway, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral STAT6 inhibitors, which are being optimized in the discovery stage. Our prototype inhibitors demonstrate potent activity and high selectivity for STAT6 over other STATs in both biochemical and cellular assays. Our prototype inhibitors also demonstrate systemic in vivo target engagement after ex vivo IL-4 stimulation. We are continuing to evaluate multiple compounds in preclinical studies. We expect to conduct lead optimization activities in this program in 2025. 

We have utilized our internal chemistry and drug discovery capabilities to generate all of our development-stage programs. We continue to invest substantial resources in research programs to discover compounds targeting new disease areas. 
 5 

Our Out-Licensed Products 
 HCV . Two protease inhibitors developed through our Collaborative Development and License Agreement with AbbVie have been clinically tested, manufactured, and commercialized by AbbVie as part of its combination regimens for HCV. We have received the full 330.0 million of contractual milestone payments under the agreement related to clinical development and commercialization regulatory approvals of these regimens in major markets, and we continue to earn royalties on sales of the second generation regimen. 
 Glecaprevir is the HCV protease inhibitor we discovered that was developed by AbbVie in a fixed-dose combination with its NS5A inhibitor, pibrentasvir, for the treatment of chronic HCV. This patented combination, currently marketed under the brand names MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.), is referred to in this report as MAVYRET/MAVIRET. This regimen is a once-daily, all-oral, fixed-dose, ribavirin-free treatment for HCV genotypes 1-6, or GT1-6, which is referred to as being pan-genotypic. In the U.S., EU and Japan it is approved as an 8-week treatment for patients with and without compensated cirrhosis and new to treatment. Today, these patients are estimated to represent the majority of HCV patients in over 50 countries where MAVYRET/MAVIRET is sold by AbbVie and where MAVYRET/MAVIRET remains the only 8-week pan-genotypic HCV treatment. The first protease inhibitor developed through this collaboration, paritaprevir, is part of Abbvie s initial HCV regimens, which have been almost entirely replaced by MAVYRET/MAVIRET. Since August 2017, substantially all of our royalty revenue has been derived from AbbVie s net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET. Our ongoing royalty revenues from this regimen consist of annually tiered, double-digit, per-product royalties on 50 of the calendar year net sales of the 2-DAA glecaprevir/pibrentasvir combination in MAVYRET/MAVIRET. The annual royalty tiers return to the lowest tier for sales on and after each January 1. In April 2023, we sold 54.5 of our future MAVYRET/MAVIRET royalties for a 200.0 million cash payment, subject to a cap of total royalties sold equal to 1.42 times the cash payment. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our primary objective is to become a leader in the discovery and development of small molecule drugs with an emphasis on first-in-disease treatments for RSV and best-in-class small molecule treatments for diseases with significant unmet medical needs in immunology. Our strategy includes the following key elements: 
 Advance clinical development of novel virology product candidates for RSV. We have ongoing clinical studies of two compounds discovered in our research program in RSV, a viral infection for which there is currently no available effective treatment and as such there exists a substantial unmet medical need. 

Advance our preclinical immunology portfolio of novel, oral inhibitors of targets for the treatment of type 2 inflammatory diseases. We have ongoing discovery and preclinical efforts targeting multiple mechanisms of the immune response, including KIT, addressing mast cell driven diseases, with an initial focus on CSU. We also have a discovery stage program targeting the STAT6 pathway, with an initial focus on AD. 

Invest in research and development of compounds in new disease areas . We are continuing to invest resources in our research programs in our efforts to identify and advance additional novel compounds that have the potential to address significant unmet medical needs in new disease areas. We may also explore clinically other virologic or immunologic diseases where our assets could play a role. In addition, we may seek to augment our product candidate pipeline through the acquisition or in-licensing of external assets and/or technologies in one or more of our disease areas of focus. 

Collaborate or out-license, where and when appropriate, with pharmaceutical partners to accelerate the development and commercialization of our proprietary compounds and/or create combination therapies . We may choose to collaborate with other companies to accelerate the global clinical development of one or more of our product candidates. We are also prepared to join forces, where and when appropriate, with collaborators with compounds targeting other mechanisms of action in diseases where there is the potential for better treatments with combination therapies, as we did in HCV. Our decisions regarding our proprietary programs will be based on the results of our clinical studies and the potential for collaborations, including combinations with one or more drugs targeting other mechanisms of action in these diseases. 

Continue to use our existing resources and future cash flow from our AbbVie collaboration to fund our research and development activities . We believe our existing financial resources as well as the cash flows from our retained portion of future HCV royalties will enable us to fund our research and development programs into fiscal 2027. These resources will allow us to continue to advance compounds in clinical development and to progress the most promising candidates at least through proof-of-concept trials. Further development of any compound as a monotherapy or in combinations with other therapeutic agents when we believe such combinations will provide the most promising opportunities will require additional financial resources. 

6 

Our Research and Development Pipeline 
 The following table summarizes our product development pipeline in our virology and immunology programs: 
 
 Fixed-dose antiviral combination contains glecaprevir and AbbVie's NS5A inhibitor, pibrentasvir. Marketed by AbbVie as MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.). 
 Continued development dependent on partnering. 
 Initial indications. Potential future indications include asthma, chronic inducible urticaria (CIndU), eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), prurigo nodularis (PN) and others. 
 Our RSV Program 
 Background and Overview of RSV 
 Respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, is a virus that infects the lungs and is the most common cause of bronchiolitis and pneumonia in young children and a significant cause of respiratory illness in older adults, with estimates suggesting that on average each year RSV leads to three million hospitalizations globally in children under 5 years old and approximately 177,000 hospitalizations in the U.S. in adults over the age of 65. There are currently no safe and effective therapies for RSV infection. 
 Synagis, a prophylactic, monoclonal antibody-based treatment is approved for infants considered at high risk for RSV infection; however, studies have found that most young children with RSV infection were previously healthy, and thus would not normally be prescribed this prophylactic treatment. AstraZeneca and Sanofi (BEYFORTUS have long-acting monoclonal antibody products recently approved for prophylaxis use in all infants and for those at risk up to 24 months of age and Merck (clesrovimab) has a similar antibody that has completed Phase 3 development. A maternal vaccine has been approved for injection in women at 32-36 weeks (U.S.) 24-36 weeks (EU) of pregnancy during September through January (ABRYSVO /Pfizer). In addition, two RSV vaccines have been approved in adults older than 60 years old (ABRYSVO /Pfizer and Moderna/mRESVIA and approved RSV vaccine for adults over 50 years of age (GSK/AREXVY ). 
 While prophylaxis options have recently become available, there is still significant unmet need for safe and effective antiviral treatments in patients at high-risk for serious outcomes of RSV. The adoption of vaccines in the elderly population is likely to be sub-optimal, especially as they are often only recommended with shared clinical decision-making. For perspective, universally recommended vaccines in this population have peak adoption rates from ~35 (shingles) to ~55 (flu). However, even with adoption, breakthrough infections will still occur, as vaccine efficacy is not complete. In the pediatric population, both the maternal vaccine and the prophylactic antibody approaches provide only passive immunity, which only lasts for a limited period of time and will just shift the time of first RSV infection to the next season. Similarly, uptake of these options will not be optimal and breakthrough infections will still occur in the population that does receive them. Finally, the antibody approach has a low barrier to the development of viral resistance. Thus, despite these options for prophylaxis, antiviral treatments are urgently needed. 
 Scientific Background 
 RSV is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA virus. There are two major subgroups of RSV, designated RSV-A and RSV-B, each of which contains numerous genotypes. Both groups are viewed as capable of causing RSV infections that can result in hospitalization. The RSV genome consists of ten genes that encode for 11 proteins, namely NS1, NS2, N, P, M, 
 7 

SH, G, F, M2-1, M2-2, and L. The F and G proteins are the predominant target proteins for RSV vaccines. Similarly, small molecule therapeutics have focused primarily on the F (or fusion) protein, while some efforts have targeted the N (nucleocapsid) and L (contains viral RNA polymerase) proteins. Fusion inhibitors work by blocking viral entry, a mechanism that may be less ideal when treatment begins at a time when massive amounts of viral replication is already ongoing. Additionally, fusion inhibitors have been generally shown to have a lower barrier to the development of viral resistance when in clinical use. Replication inhibitors (e.g., N and L inhibitors) work by blocking viral replication at its source, stopping the production on new virions. They have demonstrated a higher bar to the emergence of viral resistance. While most companies are developing potential approaches geared toward the F-protein (or fusion protein, responsible for mediating viral entry of RSV into host cells), we are focused on mechanisms, such as the N-protein and L-protein inhibitors, that target the replication process of RSV directly. 

Competitive Landscape 
 Several companies are seeking to develop antiviral treatments for RSV infection in adult and pediatric patients. Ark Biosciences and Shionogi have compounds in clinical development. 
 There are several prophylaxis options on the market or in development. AstraZeneca/Sanofi (BEYFORTUS and Merck (clesrovimab Phase 3 complete) are developing long-acting monoclonal antibodies for prophylaxis use in infants, and Pfizer has an approved maternal vaccine (ABRYSVO ), all of which provide passive, short-term immunity to infants. Sanofi is also evaluating a vaccine in infants and toddlers (RSV vaccine Phase 3). There are also two approved RSV vaccines for adults over 60 years of age (Pfizer/ABRYSVO and Moderna/mRESVIA and one approved RSV vaccine for adults over 50 years of age (GSK/AREXVY ). 
 Zelicapavir, Our N-Protein Inhibitor 
 Through our internal chemistry efforts, we identified our lead clinical candidate, zelicapavir (formerly EDP-938). During preclinical studies, zelicapavir demonstrated a greater than 4-log reduction in viral load in an animal model challenged with RSV. Further, zelicapavir maintained nanomolar antiviral potency across all clinical isolates tested in vitro , as well as virus that was resistant to fusion inhibitors. The compound inhibited RSV at a post-entry replication step and maintained its activity in vitro when given 24 hours post infection. It was also shown to have a high barrier to viral resistance. In addition, combination studies of zelicapavir with other types of RSV inhibitors, such as fusion inhibitors, showed synergistic antiviral effects. 
 We have studied zelicapavir in two Phase 2 studies that were designed to be proof-of-concept and exploratory studies to understand the viral response better in the context of RSV infection. These studies were conducted in otherwise healthy adults (not at high-risk for serious outcomes with RSV) infected with RSV. Data from these studies demonstrated that zelicapavir was safe and well-tolerated. Based on the growing safety profile of zelicapavir and differences in the range of the course of RSV infection in higher risk populations, which have always been our target populations, we have continued 
 8 

the development of zelicapavir in patients at high-risk for developing severe infection leading to hospitalization or death. We believe zelicapavir has the greatest potential to show optimal efficacy in these high-risk populations with significant unmet need, since these patients have reduced RSV immunity, which manifests in a higher and longer duration of viral replication and greater disease severity, allowing a bigger window to realize the full potential of zelicapavir. 
 
 There are now two Phase 2b studies of zelicapavir is in high-risk populations, including pediatric patients and high-risk adults, all of which have significant unmet need. 
 Pediatric Study of Zelicapavir: RSVPEDs is our Phase 2 study in 96 pediatric patients, aged >28 days to 
 High-Risk Adults Study of Zelicapavir: We also have a Phase 2b study in high-risk adults, including those who are older than 65 years of age and those who have asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD, or congestive heart failure. Approximately 180 patients will be treated with zelicapavir or placebo for five days with a primary endpoint of time to resolution of RSV lower respiratory tract disease symptoms. Enrollment is progressing and we are targeting enrollment completion in the current Northern Hemisphere RSV season with topline data in 2025. 

EDP-323, Our RSV L-Protein Inhibitor: 
 In addition to our N-protein inhibitor, zelicapavir, our second clinical candidate for RSV is EDP-323, a novel oral, direct-acting antiviral selectively targeting the RSV L-protein, a viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase enzyme that contains multiple enzymatic activities required for RSV replication. EDP-323 has sub-nanomolar potency against RSV-A and RSV-B in vitro and has protected mice in a dose-dependent manner from RSV infection as demonstrated by both virological and pathological endpoints. EDP-323 is not expected to have cross-resistance to other classes of inhibitors and has the potential to be used alone, or in combination with other RSV mechanisms, to broaden the treatment window or addressable patient populations. 
 We completed a Phase 1 clinical study of EDP-323 in June 2023. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, first-in-human Phase 1 study enrolled healthy volunteers to evaluate the safely, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of oral EDP-323 over a range of single ascending dose (SAD ranging from 50 to 800 mg, n=50) and multiple ascending doses (MAD ranging from 200 to 800 mg for seven days, n=32) in fasted and fed states. Overall, EDP-323 was generally safe and well-tolerated up to 800 mg for up to seven days, where most adverse events (AEs) were mild, and there were no serious or severe AEs. There was one study discontinuation due to syncope, in the SAD/FE group, which was deemed unlikely to be related to EDP-323. In the MAD phase, three AEs deemed possibly related to EDP-323 were mild, with two headaches and one gastrointestinal event. There were no discontinuations due to AEs in the MAD phase. EDP-323 displayed pharmacokinetics supportive of once daily dosing without regard to food. EDP-323 doses ranging from 200 to 800 mg once-daily resulted in strong EC 90 multiples against both RSV-A and RSV-B strains. Specifically, EDP-323 administered once daily for seven days resulted in C24 (C-trough) concentrations at steady state of 11- to 44-fold over the protein adjusted EC 90 (0.3 nM) against both RSV-A and RSV-B strains. 
 
 9 

In September 2024, we announced positive top-line results for EDP-323 in a Phase 2a human challenge study. This study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, human challenge study of 142 healthy adult participants inoculated with RSV. Randomized participants (n=141) received either a once-daily (QD) 600 mg dose of EDP-323 for five days (high dose, n=47), a single 600 mg loading dose on day one followed by a 200 mg once-daily (QD) dose of EDP-323 for four days (low dose, n=47), or placebo for five days (n=47). The intent-to-treat-infected population (ITT-I) was defined as all randomized participants receiving challenge virus and at least one dose of study drug with confirmed RSV infection. EDP-323 demonstrated a rapid and sustained antiviral effect. A highly statistically significant reduction (p 
 
 Primary Efficacy Endpoint: 85-87 Decrease in Viral Load AUC by qRT-PCR 
 
 A highly statistically significant reduction (p 
 10 

Secondary Efficacy Endpoint: 97-98 Decrease in Viral Load AUC by Viral Culture 
 
 For the secondary efficacy endpoint of AUC for total symptom score, a highly statistically significant reduction (p 
 Secondary Efficacy Endpoint: 66-78 Reduction in Symptoms 
 
 EDP-323 demonstrated favorable pharmacokinetics, supportive of once-daily dosing. Mean trough plasma concentrations were maintained at 16-fold above the protein-adjusted EC90 with the low dose, and 35-fold above the protein-adjusted EC90 with the high dose, for both RSV A and B strains. In addition, EDP-323 demonstrated a favorable safety profile over a 5-day dosing period and through 28 days of follow-up. Adverse events, or AEs, were similar between EDP-323 dosing groups and placebo. There were no serious adverse events, no severe adverse events, and no adverse events leading to treatment discontinuation or study withdrawal. 
 11 

EDP-323 Safety Profile 
 
 Our Immunology Programs 
 In immunology, we are designing and developing highly potent and selective, oral small molecule inhibitors for the treatment of inflammatory disease by targeting key mechanisms of driving immune response. Our initial focus has been on diseases driven by an overactive type 2 immune response. Type 2 immune responses are characterized by the overproduction of interleukin-4 (IL-4), interleukin-5 (IL-5), interleukin-13 (IL-13), and Immunoglobulin E (IgE), through the activation of T helper 2 (Th2) cells, CD4+ T cells, B cells, and innate cellular response consisting of mast cells, ILC2s, eosinophils, basophils, and IL-4 and/or IL-13-activated macrophages. This immune response is a crucial part of the body s defense mechanism; however, an overactive response is the primary driver of a number of inflammatory diseases, including AD, urticarias, asthma, eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), prurigo nodularis (PN), chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP), as well as some forms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and other conditions. 
 
 Our initial targets include the receptor tyrosine kinase, known as KIT, which is critical for regulating mast cell activity. KIT inhibitors may have potential in the treatment of CSU and other mast-cell-driven diseases. We are also targeting STAT6, a transcription factor responsible for IL-4/IL-13 signaling, which drives a Th2 dominant phenotype. STAT6 inhibitors may have potential in the treatment of AD and other type 2 immune driven phenotypes. 

12 

Background and Overview of CSU 
 CSU is a severely debilitating, chronic inflammatory skin disease with no identified triggers. Clinical manifestations include hives, angioedema, or both. Hives are variable in size and shape and are characterized by swelling, itchiness, and/or a burning sensation. Angioedema is characterized by pronounced deep tissue swelling along with tingling, burning, tightness and sometimes pain. Patients with CSU also experience symptoms beyond skin manifestations, including sleep disturbances, fatigue, irritability, anxiety and depression and can affect performance at work or school. CSU is typically a self-limiting disorder, persisting for 2 5 years although some reports estimate that more than half of patients suffer for more than 5 years. CSU may also recur after months or years of full remission. CSU impacts twice as many women as men, with an estimated global prevalence between 0.5 1 of the population, which means that at any given time in the U.S. alone approximately 1.75-3.5 million people are experiencing this condition. The peak age of diagnosis is during the core years of working age, 20 40 years old. Standard of care treatment for CSU is antihistamines, however in approximately half the patients, symptom alleviation is not adequate. There is a substantial unmet need for an efficacious oral agent as only a minority of these uncontrolled cases are treated with one indicated biologic 
 Scientific Background 
 Our approach to treating CSU is to directly target mast cells which are the root cause of pathology in multiple diseases. Mast cells are tissue-resident immune cells (e.g., skin, lung or GI) that can be activated through various cell surface receptors, resulting in a signaling cascade that leads to degranulation and release of tryptase, histamine and other inflammatory mediators. This release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells and subsequent propagation of a type 2 inflammatory response has been implicated in multiple inflammatory diseases, including chronic urticaria, prurigo nodularis, eosinophilic esophagitis, asthma, and AD. Current therapies modulate only a small subset of either mast cell stimulants or the downstream mediators of inflammation that mast cells produce (e.g., antihistamines), but do not address the underlying cause of disease, as they do not directly affect mast cells themselves. 
 We are targeting mast cells by inhibiting KIT, a central regulator of mast cell development and activation. KIT provides pro-survival signals critical to mast cell survival and, therefore, the inhibition of KIT signaling leads to rapid mast cell inactivation and depletion through apoptosis, thereby directly reducing the quantity of mast cells available to drive pathology. Clinical proof of concept for this approach has been demonstrated with positive phase 2 data for an anti-KIT monoclonal antibody in CSU. Data suggest the potential for best-in-disease efficacy with the mechanism, and a reasonable safety profile. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 There are a number of different mechanisms being explored for the treatment of CSU, including inhibitors of IL-4R, IgE, Bruton s tyrosine kinase, or BTK, SIGLEC-6, and MRGPRX2. Specifically for KIT inhibitors, there are companies with antibodies in development, including Celldex (barzolvolimab - Phase 3) and Jasper (briquilimab - Phase 1b/2a), as well as companies with oral, small molecules in early clinical development (Third Harmonic and Blueprint) or preclinical development (Arcus and Alivexis). There are two oral MRGPRX2 inhibitors in early clinical development for urticaria from Incyte (INCB000262 - Ph2 CSU and Ph1b chronic inducible urticaria (CIndU)) and Evommune (EVO756 - Ph2 CIndU), in addition to oral MRGPRX2 molecules in preclinical development (Septerna). 
 Our KIT program 
 We have a preclinical stage program to develop oral KIT inhibitors to treat CSU and potentially other indications by depleting mast cells, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral KIT inhibitors and, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we selected our lead development candidate, EPS-1421. This candidate demonstrates potent nanomolar activity in both binding and cellular function assays and is highly selective (>500x) for KIT versus other kinases. This inhibitor also demonstrates strong in vitro and in vivo ADME properties, with a good pharmacokinetic, or PK, profile across multiple preclinical species, and a low potential for drug-drug interactions. We expect to conduct scale-up activities and IND-enabling studies for this program in 2025. 
 Background and Overview of AD 
 AD is a chronic dermatological disease characterized by dry, red, inflamed, irritated and itchy skin, and has significant quality of life impacts such as leading a limited lifestyle, avoidance of social interactions and impacted activities. The disease affects an estimated 7.3 of the US adult population and approximately 40 of those have moderate to severe disease. The majority (>90 of moderate to severe patients are treated with an IL-4/IL-13 monoclonal antibody (e.g., DUPIXENT (dupilumab)) despite modest efficacy, while a minority 
 13 

Scientific Background 
 Dysregulation of the Th2 immune response drives many allergic and autoimmune diseases, including AD and asthma, which is characterized by an overproduction of IL-4 and IL-13. STAT-6 is a transcription factor predominantly expressed in immune and epithelial cells that is responsible for IL-4/IL-13 signaling, which results in a Th2 dominant phenotype. Evidence for STAT6 as a key driver of AD and asthma is the presence of STAT6 gain-of-function variants resulting in severe AD and STAT6 loss-of-function variants protect against type 2 high asthma. Furthermore, clinical validation of this pathway exists in a number of immunology indications from anti-IL-4/13 monoclonal antibodies and JAK inhibitors, which block the IL-4/13 signaling pathway. Our STAT6 inhibitor program offers the potential for an oral Dupixent , as it directly blocks IL-4/IL-13 signaling, reduces inflammation in Th2 driven preclinical models and no oral therapies selectively targeting this pathway are currently available. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 The moderate-severe AD treatment landscape is dominated by biologics targeting the IL-4 and/or IL-13 pathway (e.g., DUPIXENT (dupilumab) and ADBRY (tralokinumab-ldrm)), with JAK inhibitors (e.g., RINVOQ (upadacitinib) and CIBINQO (abrocitinib)) as the only oral option. Multiple oral mechanisms are in development, including inhibitors of MRGPRX2, IRAK4, STAT6, RASP and PKM2. The latest stage oral assets are in Ph2 (Incyte MRGPRX2 Ph2a; Sanofi/Kymera IRAK4 Ph2). For STAT6 inhibitors specifically, companies with oral assets in development include Kymera (KT-621 Phase 1) and Sanofi/Recludix (preclinical). 
 Our STAT6 program 
 We have a discovery stage program to develop oral STAT6 inhibitors to treat AD and potentially other indications by blocking the IL-4/IL-13 signaling pathway, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral STAT6 inhibitors, which are being optimized in the discovery stage. Our prototype inhibitors demonstrate potent activity and high selectivity for STAT6 over other STATs in both biochemical and cellular assays. Our prototype inhibitors also demonstrate systemic in vivo target engagement after ex vivo IL-4 stimulation. We are continuing to evaluate multiple compounds in preclinical studies. We expect to conduct lead optimization activities in this program in 2025. 
 Our Out-Licensed HCV Protease Inhibitor Products 
 Background and Overview of HCV Market 
 HCV is a virus that is a common cause of viral hepatitis, an inflammation of the liver. HCV is typically contracted by contact with the blood or other body fluids of another individual infected with HCV. HCV is a leading cause of chronic liver disease, including cirrhosis, liver failure and cancer, and the leading cause of death from liver disease in the United States. HCV disease progression occurs over a period of 20 to 30 years, with the majority of HCV-infected individuals generally exhibiting no major symptoms in the early stages of the disease. Therefore, until a major symptom is diagnosed, many individuals are unaware they are infected and live undiagnosed without seeking treatment. For that reason, combined with the new availability of effective treatments for HCV, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, issued new guidelines in 2013 recommending screening for all Americans born between the years 1945 and 1965 so that HCV-infected individuals will be aware of their condition and can consider treatment options. 
 An estimated 58 million people worldwide are chronically infected with HCV and have an increased risk of eventually developing liver cirrhosis or liver cancer. Approximately 290,000 people die every year from HCV-related liver diseases. According to the CDC, the incidence rate of acute HCV has increased 15 since 2019, with an estimated 66,700 new infections in 2020, the most recent year for which the CDC has published data. During 2020, 41 states reported a total of 107,300 newly identified chronic HCV cases in 2020, corresponding to 40.7 chronic HCV cases per 100,000. HCV-associated deaths during 2020 increased 4 (3.45 deaths per 100,000 people), compared to 2019 (3.33 deaths per 100,000 people). We believe that the chronically infected population remains significantly untreated, even with the introduction of several new treatment regimens beginning in 2013. 
 The approved treatments for HCV have provided significant benefit to HCV patients. To date, these treatments have cure rates approaching 100 in several subpopulations. Medical practice defines a cure as the point at which there is no quantifiable virus in a patient s blood for a sustained period of time after cessation of therapy, which is often referred to as a sustained virologic response, or SVR. For AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen, the majority of chronic HCV patients only require 8 weeks of treatment compared to 12 weeks with other HCV regimens, including Gilead s EPCLUSA and HARVONI in almost all HCV genotypes. 
 Since the introduction of Gilead s Harvoni and AbbVie s VIEKIRA PAK in late 2014, the reported worldwide sales of the leading HCV therapies have declined from 23 billion in 2015 to 3.2 billion in 2023. Through the first nine months of calendar 2024, reported worldwide net sales were 2.3 billion. HCV sales have declined since their peak in 2015 due to 
 14 

payers obtaining additional discounts, competitive market dynamics and a decline in the number of patients treated annually after the initial wave of diagnosed chronic HCV patients who had urgency for treatment. Despite the high numbers of HCV patients that have been successfully treated, there remains a large population of chronic HCV-infected patients who have yet to be treated with one of the newer high cure regimens. In addition, and as noted above, new HCV infections (principally in association with IV drug use) are an ongoing target population for treatment. 
 COVID-19 has also impacted new HCV patient volumes, HCV diagnoses, HCV prescriptions and sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET worldwide. While new HCV infections are continuing, at this time it is uncertain when and the extent to which treatment of new HCV patients and revenues will return to pre-COVID-19 levels. 
 Our Out-Licensed Products in AbbVie s Marketed Therapies 
 Glecaprevir - Our protease inhibitor, glecaprevir, which is part of the latest HCV regimen from AbbVie, was developed by AbbVie in combination with pibrentasvir, AbbVie s second NS5A inhibitor. This co-formulated combination, marketed under the tradenames MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.), contains two novel DAAs that target and inhibit proteins essential for the replication of HCV. MAVYRET/MAVIRET is approved in the U.S., EU, Japan and numerous other countries globally as an 8-week, pan-genotypic, fixed-dose combination treatment, dosed once-daily as three oral tablets, taken with food, for chronic HCV patients without cirrhosis and new to treatment. MAVYRET/MAVIRET is also approved as a treatment for patients with specific treatment challenges, including those GT-1 patients not cured by prior treatment experience with either a protease inhibitor or an NS5A inhibitor (but not both), and in patients with limited treatment options, such as those with severe chronic kidney disease, or CKD, or those with genotype 3 chronic HCV. MAVYRET/MAVIRET is approved for use in patients across all stages of CKD with any of the major HCV genotypes (GT1-6). The approvals of MAVYRET/MAVIRET are supported by data from nine registrational studies in AbbVie s clinical development program, which evaluated more than 2,300 patients in 27 countries across all major HCV genotypes (GT1-6) and special populations: 
 8 weeks for treatment-na ve, non-cirrhotic patients: In November 2016, results from several Phase 3 studies of this combination demonstrated 97.5 of chronic HCV infected patients without cirrhosis and new to treatment across all major genotypes (GT1-6) achieved sustained virologic response at 12 weeks post-treatment, referred to as SVR 12 , with just 8 weeks of MAVYRET/MAVIRET treatment. 

8 weeks for GT-3: Data from AbbVie s ENDURANCE-3 study were presented at the 2017 ILC, demonstrating that 95 of patients with challenging-to-treat, genotype 3, or GT3, chronic HCV infection, without cirrhosis and new to treatment, achieved SVR 12 after 8 weeks of treatment with MAVYRET/MAVIRET. 

8 weeks for compensated cirrhosis: Based on data from AbbVie s EXPEDITION-8 study, which demonstrated that with 8 weeks of MAVYRET treatment, 100 percent (n=273/273) of genotype 1, 2, 4, 5 and 6 patients achieved a sustained virologic response 8 weeks after treatment (SVR 8 per protocol analysis. Based on this data and a second cohort of the study in GT3 chronic HCV-infected patients, MAVYRET is now approved for all genotypes with compensated cirrhosis in the U.S. 

12 weeks with chronic kidney disease: Results were also presented from AbbVie s EXPEDITION-4 study in chronic HCV patients with chronic kidney disease, or CKD, in which 98 of patients (n=102/104) across all major genotypes (GT1-6) achieved SVR 12 with 12 weeks of treatment with MAVYRET/MAVIRET. 

Paritaprevir - The first protease inhibitor developed through our collaboration with AbbVie, paritaprevir, is part of AbbVie s 3-DAA regimen approved for the treatment of genotype 1 and 4 HCV patients. This 3-DAA combination was sold as VIEKIRA PAK (paritaprevir/ritonavir/ombitasvir/dasabuvir) in the U.S. from December 2014 to December 2018, and as VIEKIRAX +EXVIERA in most other jurisdictions, for non-cirrhotic patients and those with early stage, or compensated, cirrhosis. These regimens have been almost entirely replaced by MAVYRET/MAVIRET. 
 Collaboration and License Agreement with AbbVie 
 We entered into a Collaborative Development and License Agreement with Abbott Laboratories in November 2006 to develop and commercialize HCV NS3 and NS3/4A protease inhibitors. The agreement, which was amended in January and December 2009, was then assigned to AbbVie Inc. on January 1, 2013 in connection with Abbott s transfer of its research-based pharmaceuticals business to AbbVie. Under the agreement, we have granted AbbVie an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license, including a right to grant sublicenses, to specified intellectual property, including several issued U.S. patents, relating to protease inhibitors. We also granted AbbVie access to our drug discovery capabilities in the HCV NS3 and NS3/4A protease inhibitor field. AbbVie granted us a co-exclusive (together with AbbVie), royalty-free, fully paid license, without the right to grant sublicenses, to certain of AbbVie s intellectual property, AbbVie s interest in joint intellectual property and improvements discovered by AbbVie, for the purpose of allowing us to conduct certain 
 15 

development and commercialization activities in the United States relating to protease inhibitors. AbbVie is responsible for and has funded all costs associated with the development, manufacturing and commercialization of paritaprevir, glecaprevir and any other compounds under this agreement. Under the agreement, we are eligible to receive milestone payments and royalties with respect to these compounds. So long as a product candidate is being developed or commercialized under the agreement, we undertake not to conduct any activity, or grant licenses to a third party, relating to protease inhibitors. 
 A joint steering committee was established under the agreement with review and oversight responsibilities for all research, development and commercialization activities. The joint steering committee is comprised of three of our senior personnel and three senior personnel from AbbVie; however, AbbVie has final authority to make all decisions regarding development and commercialization activities. 
 The research program and the evaluation period, which was performed by both parties, ended in June 2011. The first commercialized compound was paritaprevir with the second commercialized compound, glecaprevir, approved in 2017 and marketed under the tradenames MAVYRET (U.S.) or MAVIRET (ex-U.S.). Under this collaboration we have received 396 million in payments from AbbVie for license payments, proceeds from a sale of preferred stock, research funding payments and milestone payments. 
 We also receive annually tiered, double-digit royalties per protease inhibitor product developed under the agreement, which range from ten percent up to twenty percent, or on a blended basis from the low double digits up to the high teens. However, if a product is determined to be a combination product, as is the case for both glecaprevir and paritaprevir, the net sales of the combination product are adjusted on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis to reflect a good faith determination of the relative value of each pharmaceutically active ingredient, based on the estimated fair market value. This means that a portion of AbbVie s worldwide annual net sales of a combination product or regimen is first allocated to one of our protease inhibitors and then that royalty-bearing portion is multiplied by the annually tiered royalty rates to determine our actual royalty for the protease product in that regimen in a given period. Under the terms of our agreement, as amended in October 2014, 50 of AbbVie s net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET are allocated to glecaprevir. Beginning with each January 1, the cumulative net sales of a given royalty-bearing protease inhibitor product start at zero for purposes of calculating the tiered royalties on a product-by-product basis. Under this collaboration, we have received royalty payments from AbbVie totaling 924 million through September 30, 2024. Further details of these tiered royalties are set forth in Note 7 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, which are incorporated herein by this reference. 
 Royalties owed to us under the agreement can be reduced by AbbVie in certain circumstances, including (i) if AbbVie exercises its right to license or otherwise acquire rights to intellectual property controlled by a third party where a product could not be legally developed or commercialized in a country without the third-party intellectual property right, (ii) where a product developed under the collaboration agreement is sold in a country and not covered by a valid patent claim in such country, or (iii) where sales of a generic product are equal to at least a specified percentage of AbbVie s market share of a product in a country. 
 AbbVie s obligation to pay royalties on products developed under the agreement expires on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis upon the later of (i) the date of expiration of the last of the licensed patents with a valid claim covering the product in the applicable country, and (ii) ten years after the first commercial sale of the product in the applicable country. 
 Our intellectual property existing as of the effective date of the agreement remains our property. Any intellectual property jointly developed is jointly owned. We will have the unilateral right to enforce our patent rights on any covered product following the first commercial sale of such product, as will AbbVie. In the event of infringement related to any of our patents, we will have the first right and option to initiate legal proceedings or take other actions. In the event of infringement related to any AbbVie patents, AbbVie will have the first right and option to initiate legal proceedings or take other actions. In the event of infringement of a joint patent right, we will discuss with AbbVie whether to initiate legal proceedings or take other actions. AbbVie will have the obligation to defend at its sole expense any actions brought against either party alleging infringement of third-party rights by reason of the activities conducted under the agreement and we will have the right to obtain separate counsel at our own expense. Additionally, AbbVie, at its sole expense, will be responsible for all trademark prosecution. 
 Subject to the exceptions described above, a party s rights and obligations under the agreement continue until: (i) such time as AbbVie is no longer developing a product candidate or (ii) if, as of the time AbbVie is no longer developing any product candidates, AbbVie is commercializing any other protease inhibitor product, such time as all royalty terms for all covered products and all co-development terms for all co-developed products have ended. Accordingly, the final expiration date of the agreement is currently indeterminable. 
 16 

Either party may terminate the agreement for cause in the event of a material breach, subject to prior notice and the opportunity to cure, or in the event of the other party s bankruptcy. Additionally, AbbVie may terminate the agreement for any reason upon specified prior notice. 
 If we terminate the agreement for cause or AbbVie terminates without cause, any licenses and other rights granted to AbbVie will terminate and AbbVie will be deemed to have granted us (i) a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under AbbVie s intellectual property used in any product candidate and (ii) an exclusive (even as to AbbVie), perpetual, fully paid, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under AbbVie s interest in joint intellectual property rights to develop product candidates resulting from covered compounds and to commercialize any products derived from such compounds. Upon our request, AbbVie will also transfer to us all rights, title and interest in any related product trademarks, regulatory filings and clinical trials. 
 If AbbVie terminates the agreement for our uncured breach, the royalty payments payable by AbbVie may be reduced, the licenses granted to AbbVie will remain in place, we will be deemed to have granted AbbVie an exclusive license under our interest in joint intellectual property, AbbVie will continue to have the right to commercialize any covered products, and all rights and licenses granted to us by AbbVie will terminate. 
 Royalty Sale Agreement 
 In April 2023, we entered into a royalty sale agreement with an affiliate of OMERS, a Canadian public employee pension fund, pursuant to which we were paid a 200.0 million cash purchase price in exchange for 54.5 of our future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, after June 30, 2023, through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments to OMERS equal to 1.42 times the purchase price. 
 For accounting purposes, we will continue to record 100 of HCV royalties earned under the AbbVie agreement as royalty revenue in our consolidated statements of operation. The 200.0 million received in April 2023 was recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as a liability which will be reduced by the payments made to OMERS over the term of the Agreement. We will recognize imputed interest expense over the life of the royalty sale agreement based on our estimated future MAVYRET/MAVIRET royalties. 
 Other Programs for Out-Licensing in Virology 
 Our SARS-CoV-2 Program 
 Background and Overview of SARS-CoV-2 
 Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2, is the virus that causes COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019), the respiratory illness responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic. SARS-CoV-2 is the seventh known coronavirus to infect people, after 229E, NL63, OC43, HKU1, MERS-CoV, and the original SARS-CoV. Patients at higher risk for developing severe complications from COVID-19 include the elderly and those with underlying medical conditions like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, or cancer. As of October 2023, the World Health Organization estimated nearly 7 million deaths have been caused by COVID-19. There are also many patients who experience continuing effects of COVID-19, often referred to as long COVID . While vaccines that reduce the severity of COVID-19 are available, uptake has not been optimal. In addition, breakthrough infection occurs in many cases because the vaccines are not completely effective or their effect diminishes over time, especially against emerging variants. Thus, there remains an urgent need for effective, safe and well-tolerated, conveniently-dosed, once-daily oral antiviral treatments. 
 Scientific Background 
 All coronaviruses have a single-stranded, positive-sense RNA (+ssRNA) genome, which is the largest known genome for an RNA virus. The overall structure of the SARS-CoV-2 genome is shared with other betacoronaviruses, namely MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. The 3C-like protease, or 3CL protease (also known as 3CLpro or the main protease, or Mpro), is essential for viral replication, and is a highly attractive target for the development of direct-acting antiviral agents. 
 
 Competitive Landscape 
 For COVID, there are two oral antiviral treatments for non-hospitalized, high-risk patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection: PAXLOVID , a 3CL protease inhibitor (nirmatrelvir) boosted with ritonavir (full approval), and LAGEVRIO (molnupiravir), a polymerase inhibitor (Emergency Use Authorization). There are no oral direct acting antivirals for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in late-stage global clinical trials. 
 EDP-235, Our Lead, Oral, 3CL Protease Inhibitor 
 17 

We leveraged our expertise in developing protease inhibitors to discover compounds specifically designed to target the SARS-CoV-2 virus and potentially other coronaviruses. We selected EDP-235, an oral inhibitor of the coronavirus 3CL protease, also referred to as 3CLpro or the main coronavirus protease, or Mpro, for clinical development. In addition to nanomolar activity against all SARS-CoV-2 variants tested to date, EDP-235 has potent antiviral activity against other human coronaviruses, enabling the potential for a pan-coronavirus treatment, including possibly coronaviruses that may infect human populations in the future. Furthermore, EDP-235 has good tissue distribution, and is projected to have four times higher drug levels in lung tissue compared to plasma. In May 2023, we reported topline results from a Phase 2 clinical trial of EDP-235 in non-hospitalized, symptomatic patients with mild to moderate COVID-19 who were not at increased risk for developing severe disease. EDP-235 met the primary endpoint of the trial and was generally safe and well-tolerated. A dose-dependent improvement in total symptom score was observed with EDP-235 treatment compared to placebo, which achieved statistical significance (p 
 Our HBV Program 
 Background and Overview of HBV 
 Hepatitis B virus, or HBV, is a potentially life-threatening liver infection. It is estimated that close to 300 million people worldwide are chronically infected, and 15-40 of patients with chronic HBV infection develop chronic liver disease, including cirrhosis, liver cancer, or liver decompensation. HBV is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and liver transplantation. 
 Current approaches to treatment include interferon therapy and/or inhibitors of HBV nucleoside reverse transcriptase, which suppress the virus but require lifelong therapy and rarely result in full eradication of the virus from the liver. Treatment with interferon offers modest cure rates, and is accompanied by serious side effects, including flu-like symptoms, fatigue, headache and nausea. New treatments that can provide functional cures to chronically-infected patients are urgently needed. 
 Scientific Background 
 HBV is a partially double-stranded DNA virus with a complex life cycle. There are multiple mechanisms associated with HBV replication that could potentially be targeted with new drugs. Mechanisms under study for HBV include entry inhibitors, core inhibitors or capsid assembly modulators (CAMs), siRNA/ASO targeting the HBV S antigen, and immune modulators (eg; TLRs, PD-L1s, therapeutic vaccines, etc). These new HBV mechanisms are being studied with nucleoside inhibitors and in combination with each other, with the goal of achieving a functional cure for a significant number of HBV patients. 
 We believe that HBV, like HIV and HCV, will be optimally treated with multiple agents that have different mechanisms, and therefore seek to develop a combination regimen. We initially focused on inhibitors of the HBV core protein, as it plays a critical role in viral replication, intracellular trafficking, and maintenance of chronic infections. Core inhibitors are replication inhibitors that have been shown to act at multiple steps in the HBV lifecycle; preventing proper uncoating, nuclear import, assembly, and recycling as well as potentially impacting other viral processes. This approach is supported by clinical validation, demonstrating reduction of viral RNA and DNA in chronic HBV patients in Phase 2 clinical studies. 
 Competitive Landscape 
 While there are antiviral medications prescribed for HBV that can suppress HBV DNA, they generally have low cure rates, resulting in the need for lifelong treatment. Many companies are seeking to develop new HBV drugs that alone or in combination with other mechanisms could lead to a functional cure for HBV. Vir, GSK, Arbutus, and Roche have multiple combination regimens under investigation in later stage clinical studies. In addition, a number of companies have Phase 1 or earlier stage HBV programs. 
 EDP-514 
 Our lead clinical candidate for the treatment of chronic infection with HBV is EDP-514, a core inhibitor that displays potent anti-HBV activity in vitro at multiple points in the HBV lifecycle. Two Phase 1b studies of EDP-514 demonstrate the 
 18 

compound is safe with strong antiviral activity in two different chronic HBV patient populations those who have a high viral load and those who are on a treatment with a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Our goal has been to develop a combination therapy approach, including existing approved treatments such as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, or NUC, with EDP-514 and one or more other mechanisms, which could lead to a functional cure for patients with chronic HBV infection. Advancement of this program is dependent upon our accessing another compound that could be developed with EDP-514 for such a treatment regimen. 
 Drug Discovery 
 We have internally discovered all of the compounds in our research and development programs. Our scientists have expertise in the areas of medicinal chemistry, molecular virology, pharmacology, and toxicology with highly developed sets of skills in compound generation, target selection, screening and pharmacology, preclinical development and lead optimization. We are utilizing these skills and capabilities in our discovery and development of small molecule drugs with an emphasis on virology and immunology indications. 
 We focus on virology and immunology indications representing large and growing market opportunities with significant unmet medical needs. Our selection of a particular therapeutic target within those disease indications takes into consideration the experience and expertise of our scientific team and includes our ability to generate robust medicinal chemistry structure-activity relationships to assist lead optimization and secure relevant intellectual property rights. Once we have identified lead compounds, they are tested using in vitro and in vivo pharmacology studies and in vivo research models of antiviral or antibacterial efficacy. 
 Business Development 
 We also regularly examine opportunities to in-license compounds and technologies to complement our existing internal discovery programs. In addition, we engage from time to time in discussions with third parties to out-license intellectual property that no longer fits in our strategic priorities for our internal research and development programs. For example, in December 2022 we out-licensed one of our antibiotic compounds in exchange for a 1.0 million up-front fee and future milestone payments and royalties. 
 Competition 
 We are engaged in segments of the pharmaceutical industry that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Many large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations are commercializing or pursuing the development of products that target HCV, RSV, SARS-CoV-2, HBV, CSU, AD and other virology and immunology indications that we may target now or in the future. 
 Many of our competitors have substantially greater commercial infrastructures and financial, technical and personnel resources than we have, as well as drug candidates in late-stage clinical development. We will not be able to compete successfully unless we are able to: 
 design and develop products that are superior to other products in the market; 

attract qualified scientific, medical, regulatory, sales and marketing and commercial personnel; 

obtain patent and/or other proprietary protection for our processes and product candidates; 

obtain required regulatory approvals; or 

collaborate with others in the development and commercialization of new products. 

Established competitors may invest heavily to quickly discover and develop novel compounds that could make our product candidates obsolete. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety, or some combination of these factors, to overcome competition and to be commercially successful. 
 We expect AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET to continue to face intense competition due to existing approved products in the HCV market. AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen currently faces competition in various world markets and subpopulations of HCV from Gilead s Epclusa (a fixed dose combination of sofosbuvir and velpatasvir), Vosevi (a triple combination therapy of sofosbuvir, velpatasvir and voxilaprevir approved by the FDA for specified sofosbuvir -treatment failures and NS5A-inhibitor treatment failures) and Harvoni (a fixed-dose combination of sofosbuvir and ledipasvir); and to a lesser extent - Merck s Zepatier (a fixed-dose combination of grazoprevir and elbasvir). Gilead launched authorized generic versions of Epclusa and Harvoni through its subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics, LLC, which have had an impact on 
 19 

the competitive landscape. For example, the state of Louisiana selected Asegua as their HCV subscription model pharmaceutical partner to provide the state with unrestricted access to its direct-acting antiviral medication. 
 Other competitive products in the form of other treatment methods or a vaccine for HCV may render MAVYRET/MAVIRET obsolete or noncompetitive. MAVYRET/MAVIRET will face competition based on its safety and effectiveness, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position, AbbVie s marketing and sales capabilities, and other factors. If MAVYRET/MAVIRET faces competition from generic products other than authorized generic versions by the manufacturer of the branded product (i.e. Gilead and Asegua Therapeutics), our collaboration agreement provides that the royalty rate applicable to our protease product contained in the regimen is reduced significantly by a specified percentage on a product-by-product, country-by-country basis. If AbbVie is not able to compete effectively against its competitors in HCV, our business will not grow and our financial condition, operations and stock price will suffer. 
 
 RSV, COVID-19, HBV, CSU, and AD represent competitive therapeutic areas. For RSV, there are currently no safe and effective therapies for already established RSV infection. Several companies are seeking to develop antiviral treatments for RSV infection in adult and pediatric patients. Ark Biosciences, Gilead and Shionogi all have compounds in clinical development. There are several prophylaxis options on the market or in development. AstraZeneca/Sanofi (BEYFORTUS and Merck (clesrovimab Phase 3 complete) are developing long-acting monoclonal antibodies for prophylaxis use in infants, and Pfizer has an approved maternal vaccine (ABRYSVO ), all of which provide passive immunity to infants. Sanofi is also evaluating a vaccine in infants and toddlers (RSVt vaccine Phase 3). There are also two approved RSV vaccines for adults over 60 years of age (Pfizer/ABRYSVO and Moderna/mRESVIA and one approved RSV vaccine for adults over 50 years of age (GSK/AREXVY ). 
 
 For COVID, there are two oral antiviral treatments for non-hospitalized, high-risk patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection: PAXLOVID , a 3CL protease inhibitor (nirmatrelvir) boosted with ritonavir (full approval), and LAGEVRIO (molnupiravir), a polymerase inhibitor (Emergency Use Authorization). There are no oral direct acting antivirals for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in late-stage global clinical trials. 
 
 While there are antiviral medications prescribed for HBV that can suppress HBV DNA, they generally have low cure rates, resulting in the need for lifelong treatment. Many companies are seeking to develop new HBV drugs that alone or in combination with other mechanisms could lead to a functional cure for HBV. Vir, GSK, Arbutus, and Roche have multiple combination regimens under investigation in later stage clinical studies. In addition, a number of companies have Phase 1 or earlier stage HBV programs. 
 
 For CSU, there are a number of different mechanisms being explored, including inhibitors of IL-4R, IgE, BTK, SIGLEC-6, and MRGPRX2. Specifically for KIT inhibitors, there are companies with antibodies in development, including Celldex (barzolvolimab - Phase 3) and Jasper (briquilimab - Phase 1b/2a), as well as companies with oral, small molecules in early Phase 1 development (Third Harmonic and Blueprint) or preclinical development (Arcus and Alivexis). 
 
 For AD, the moderate-severe AD treatment landscape is dominated by biologics targeting the IL-4 and/or IL-13 pathway (e.g., DUPIXENT (dupilumab) and ADBRY (tralokinumab-ldrm)), with JAK inhibitors (e.g., RINVOQ (upadacitinib) and CIBINQO (abrocitinib)) as the only oral option. Multiple oral mechanisms are in development, including inhibitors of MRGPRX2, IRAK4, STAT6, RASP and PKM2. The latest stage oral assets are in Ph2 (Incyte MRGPRX2 Ph2a; Sanofi/Kymera IRAK4 Ph2). For STAT6 inhibitors specifically, companies with oral assets in development include Kymera (KT-621 - Phase 1) and Sanofi/Recludix (preclinical). 
 
 If we are not able to develop new products that can compete effectively against our current and future competitors, our business will not grow and our financial condition, operations and stock price will suffer. 
 Intellectual Property 
 As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection for our product candidates in the United States and certain major foreign jurisdictions and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements to our compounds. We also rely on trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovations and agreements with third parties to develop, maintain and protect our competitive position. Our ability to be competitive will depend on the success of this strategy. 
 Each of our major research and development programs for RSV as well as our out-licensed products for HCV and our SARS-CoV-2 and HBV assets, typically has several pending patent claims and issued patents in the program area containing claims to compounds, methods of use and processes for synthesis. However, only a few of the issued patents 
 20 

and/or pending patent applications cover the lead product candidates in a given program. We also have patent applications pending for earlier stage immunology programs. 
 RSV, SARS-CoV-2, HBV. Our patent portfolio directed to N-and L-protein inhibitors for RSV, protease inhibitors for SARS-CoV-2 and core inhibitors for HBV, includes issued U.S. patents or pending U.S. patent applications, or both, as well as numerous foreign patent applications. We expect that our existing patents and patent applications (assuming patents are ultimately issued), will provide patent coverage in the U.S., if and when a compound is approved by the FDA, until at least 2038 for each of our compounds currently in clinical development. 
 HCV NS3 Protease Inhibitor Program. The patent portfolio directed to the HCV protease inhibitor program with AbbVie includes U.S. patents and foreign patents, as well as pending applications. The issued U.S. composition-of-matter patent covering paritaprevir is expected to expire in 2031. The issued U.S. composition-of-matter patent covering glecaprevir is expected to expire in 2032. AbbVie is a joint owner of a number of patents and patent applications. AbbVie also has rights to some or all of these patents and patent applications pursuant to its collaboration agreement with us. 
 We may obtain patents for certain compounds many years before we obtain marketing approval for products containing such compounds. Because patents have a limited life, which usually begins to run well before the first commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of the patent may be limited. However, we may be able to apply for patent term extensions in the United States and in a number of European and other countries, compensating in part for delays in obtaining marketing approval, but we cannot be certain we will obtain such extensions. 
 It is also very important that we do not infringe patents or other proprietary rights of others. If we do infringe such patents or other proprietary rights, we could be prevented from developing or selling products or from using the processes covered by those patents, could be required to pay substantial damages, or could be required to obtain a license from the third party to allow us to use their technology, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we were not able to obtain a required license or develop alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products, and our business could be adversely affected. 
 Further, the existence of issued patents does not guarantee our right to practice the patented technology or commercialize the patented product. Third parties may have already or could obtain rights to patents that could be used to prevent or attempt to prevent us from commercializing our product candidates. If these other parties are successful in obtaining valid and enforceable patents, and establishing our infringement of those patents, we could be prevented from commercializing our product candidates unless we were able to obtain a license under such patents, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Much of our scientific capabilities depend upon the knowledge, experience and skills of key scientific and technical personnel. To protect our rights to our proprietary know-how and technology, we endeavor to require all employees, as well as our consultants and advisors, when feasible, to enter into confidentiality agreements that require disclosure and assignment to us of ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions made by these employees, consultants and advisors in the course of their service to us. 
 We may be unable to obtain, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business, and we may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, which could materially harm our business. For more information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Rights. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we develop. Any pharmaceutical candidate that we develop must be approved by the FDA before it may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before it may be legally marketed in foreign countries. 
 United States Drug Development Process 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implementing regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA and other governmental sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, enforcement letters, product recalls, product seizures, total 
 21 

or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 Completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practice, or GLPs, or other applicable regulations; 

Submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application, or an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s current Good Clinical Practice, or GCPs, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

Submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application, or an NDA, for a new drug product; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug is to be produced to assess compliance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice standards, or cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

The lengthy process of seeking required approvals, which can often take anywhere from six months from the time the NDA is filed if there is a priority review for a breakthrough therapy to at least ten months for a standard review, and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. There can be no certainty that approvals will be granted. 
 Before testing any compounds with potential therapeutic value in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with GLP and other federal regulations and requirements. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA places the clinical trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. Accordingly, we cannot assure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that result in suspension or termination of such trial. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients having the disease being studied under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s GCP requirements. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until it is completed. 
 Human clinical trials prior to approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 . The drug is initially introduced into healthy humans and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening 

22 

diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted only in patients having the specific disease. 

Phase 2 . The drug is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule for patients having the specific disease. 

Phase 3 . Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials, which usually involve more patients than earlier trials, are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Generally, at least two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. 

Post-approval studies, or Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and may be required by the FDA as part of the approval process. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA by the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events or any finding from tests in laboratory animals that suggests a significant risk for human patients. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA, or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board, may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must include methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 U.S. Review and Approval Processes 
 The results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees by the applicant; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, an NDA or supplement to an NDA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. 
 The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, the FDA has ten months in which to complete its initial review of a standard NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months for a priority NDA. The review clock for an NDA may be extended if a major amendment is submitted during the review cycle. In addition, the FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs. 
 After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. In addition to its own review, the FDA may refer applications for novel drug products or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, is 
 23 

necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. 
 Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is to be manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. 
 The NDA review and approval process is lengthy and difficult, and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical data or other data and information. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and may be susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA. The complete response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. 
 If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing, which involves clinical trials designed to further assess a product s safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has four programs intended to expedite the development and review of new drugs addressing unmet medical needs or treating serious or life-threatening conditions: fast track, breakthrough therapy, priority review, and accelerated approval, in addition to emergency use authorization, or EUA, in situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The FDA fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products to treat serious or life-threatening conditions and address unmet medical needs. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Under the fast track program, the sponsor will have more frequent interactions with the FDA during drug development, and may also submit sections of the NDA on a rolling basis to the FDA for review before submitting the complete application. Fast track does not guarantee that a product will be reviewed more quickly or receive FDA approval. 
 The FDA breakthrough therapy program is intended to expedite the development and review of drugs for serious or life-threatening conditions. Preliminary clinical evidence must show that the drug may have substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Although the drug does not have to address an unmet medical need, designation of breakthrough therapy status carries all the fast track program features. Additionally, the breakthrough therapy program entitles the sponsor to earlier and more frequent interaction with the FDA review team regarding development of nonclinical and clinical data, and allows the FDA to offer product development and regulatory advice necessary to shorten the time for product approval. The breakthrough therapy status does not guarantee a quicker development or review of the product, and does not ensure FDA approval. 
 The FDA also has a priority review program for products offering significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease. The goal of the priority review program is to shorten the review period to six months from the ten months required for standard review. Any drug with breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval designation, or fast track can be granted priority review if it meets the necessary criteria. 
 The FDA accelerated approval program is intended to expedite the development and review of products with the potential to treat serious or life-threatening illnesses and provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments. The program allows approval of a product on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of the product perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to establish safety and efficacy for the approved indication. Failure to conduct such studies or failure of the studies to establish required safety and efficacy may result in revocation of approval. The FDA also requires, as a condition for 
 24 

accelerated approval, pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch or subsequent marketing of the product. 
 The FDA may also allow the use of unapproved medical products, or unapproved uses of approved medical products, under an emergency use authorization, or EUA, to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions when certain statutory criteria have been met, including that there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. An EUA is a mechanism to facilitate the availability and use of medical countermeasures during public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Once submitted, the FDA will evaluate an EUA request and determine whether the relevant statutory criteria are met, taking into account the totality of the scientific evidence about the drug that is available to FDA. EUAs can be terminated, revoked or reissued, depending on the state of the public health emergency and new data about the drug. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Any drug products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA. Certain requirements include, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information on an annual basis or more frequently for specific events, drug supply chain requirements, product sampling and distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA prescription drug promotion and advertising requirements. These promotion and advertising requirements include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions against promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), rules for conducting industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including the immediate discontinuation of noncomplying materials, adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our product candidates. Manufacturers of our product candidates are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. These regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of comprehensive records and documentation. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are also required to register their establishments and list any products they make with the FDA and to comply with related requirements in certain states. These entities are further subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in serious and extensive restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA. These restrictions may include suspension of a product until the FDA is assured that quality standards can be met, continuing oversight of manufacturing by the FDA under a consent decree, which frequently includes the imposition of costs and continuing inspections over a period of many years, as well as possible withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 
 The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, as well as risk minimization action plans and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could otherwise restrict the distribution or use of the product. 
 U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our United States patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during federal regulatory review preceding the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted within 60 days of approval, prior to the expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application 
 25 

for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA. However, there is no guarantee that any such application will be approved. 
 Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA, which are independent of patent status and any patent related extensions, can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications of other companies seeking to reference another company s NDA. If the new drug is a new chemical entity subject to an NDA, the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or functional group of a molecule responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, or a so-called Section 505(b)(2) NDA, submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, such an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 
 In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (formerly the Health Care Financing Administration), other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the United States Department of Justice and individual United States Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, state attorney generals and state and local governments. 
 
 At such time as we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval, it is possible that our business activities could be subject to scrutiny and enforcement under one or more federal or state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations. These fraud and abuse laws include: 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Law, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly or willingly offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any health care items or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

The federal civil False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay money to the government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, or knowingly and willfully making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, being implemented as the Open Payments Program, requires certain pharmaceutical manufacturers to engage in extensive tracking of payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and to submit such data to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Studies, or CMS, which will then make all of this data publicly available on the CMS website; and 

26 

Analogous state laws and regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer, as well as other state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to report expenses related to the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical products, prohibit certain gifts or payments to health care providers in the state, and/or require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes of conduct. 

Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by significant criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on companies. Similar sanctions and penalties also may be imposed upon executive officers and employees, including criminal sanctions against executive officers under the so-called responsible corporate officer doctrine, even in situations where the executive officer did not intend to violate the law and was unaware of any wrongdoing. Given the penalties that may be imposed on companies and individuals if convicted, allegations of such violations often result in settlements even if the company or individual being investigated admits no wrongdoing. Settlements often include significant civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, and corporate integrity agreements. If the government was to allege or convict us or our executive officers, employees or consultants of violating these laws, our business could be harmed. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring similar actions under some of the fraud and abuse laws described above. Our activities could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and extensive enforcement of them by law enforcement authorities. Further, federal and state laws that require manufacturers to make reports on pricing and marketing information could subject us to penalty provisions. 
 In addition, pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, each as amended. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Under the Veterans Health Care Act, or VHCA, drug companies are required to offer certain pharmaceutical products at a reduced price to a number of federal agencies including the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and United States Department of Defense, the Public Health Service and certain private Public Health Service designated entities in order to participate in other federal funding programs including Medicare and Medicaid. Recent legislative changes purport to require that discounted prices be offered for certain United States Department of Defense purchases for its TRICARE program via a rebate system. Participation under the VHCA requires submission of pricing data and calculation of discounts and rebates pursuant to complex statutory formulas, as well as the entry into government procurement contracts governed by the Federal Acquisition Regulations. 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. 
 Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the European Union, for example, a clinical trial application, or CTA, must be submitted to each country s national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s requirements, clinical trials may proceed. 
 The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with International Conference on 
 27 

Harmonisation (ICH) / WHO Good Clinical Practice standards and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug under European Union regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency, or the EMA. The application used to file an NDA in the United States is similar to that required in the European Union, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. 
 For other countries outside of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government health administrative authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drug products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In recent years, both the Federal and State governments are increasingly considering and adopting laws that exert greater influence over the price of prescription drugs. For example, a number of states are increasingly using more aggressive price control tools such as Prescription Drug Affordability Boards that have the authority to conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits. The Inflation Reduction Act passed by Congress in 2022 (discussed below), authorized the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, to begin negotiating the prices on certain drugs based on factors such as research developments costs and the health economic impact of a particular therapy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. In certain circumstances, we may need to negotiate discounts on a drug product in order to ensure adequate formulary access for patients. 
 In 2003, the United States government enacted legislation providing a partial prescription drug benefit for Medicare recipients, which became effective at the beginning of 2006. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for any products for which we receive marketing approval. However, to obtain payments under this program, we would be required to sell products to Medicare recipients through private prescription drug plans that contract with the federal government and adhere to certain minimum requirements. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively known as the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the pharmaceutical industry. 
 Since its adoption, the ACA contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse, which have affected existing government healthcare programs and have resulted in the development of new programs, including Medicare payment tied to performance. Additionally, the Affordable Care Act: 
 increased the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand-name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 ; 

required collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; 

required manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their 

28 

coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D, beginning January 2011; and 

imposed a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded prescription drugs to specified federal government programs. 

Ten states have not implemented the provisions of the ACA that involve the expansion of Medicaid eligibility to low-income adults. While the United States Supreme Court recently rejected the latest challenge to the constitutionality of the ACA, it is possible that other legislative efforts may seek to modify it. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed since the Affordable Care Act was enacted, and other judicial challenges to the ACA are pending in the lower courts. 
 There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, introduces some of the most significant changes to Medicare payment for prescription drugs since the ACA. Among its many provisions, the IRA authorizes the Medicare program to negotiate pricing for certain high-cost and/or high-volume drugs, including physician-administered and self-administered drugs, that have been on the market for a minimum amount of time without generic competition. Each year, beginning with calendar year 2026, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services will implement a negotiated price, known as the Maximum Fair Price , or MFP, that will be made public and apply to the drug s Medicare utilization if the drug is among the top 10 drugs with the highest Medicare spending. Manufacturers who fail to offer the MFP, or fail to come to the table to negotiate after the Secretary has determined their drug is eligible for negotiation, will incur an excise tax of up to 95 for each sale of the drug in the United States. Depending on the share of Medicare spending each year that is attributed to MAVYRET or any other drug we may develop or out-license, and whether or not those drugs become eligible for Medicare negotiation, those drugs and our revenue may be adversely impacted by this provision. 
 The IRA also requires manufacturers, beginning in 2023, to rebate the Medicare program for Medicare utilization of Part B and Part D drugs that have price increases faster than the rate of inflation. The benchmark to which price increases are compared varies depending on the drug. Although manufacturers are generally familiar with inflation rebates under the Medicaid program, where they have existed for decades, the IRA represents the first time that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, has extended inflation rebates to the Medicare program. 
 The IRA also redesigns the Medicare prescription drug benefit in several important ways, beginning in calendar year 2024. First, the IRA places an annual out-of-pocket cap on Medicare beneficiary cost sharing amounts, which will take effect in calendar year 2025 before the full benefit redesign. Previously, beneficiaries out-of-pocket costs were uncapped, even if heavily subsidized. Second, the IRA requires that manufacturers share in the cost of prescription drugs throughout the prescription drug benefit, beginning in calendar year 2025. Previously manufacturers only needed to offer discounted pricing for a single phase of the prescription drug benefit. As described above, in calendar year 2025, the IRA introduces a new 2,000 out-of-pocket maximum in the Part D program for beneficiaries. Finally, the IRA shifts the majority of liability in the catastrophic phase the phase of the prescription drug benefit that only the costliest of Medicare beneficiaries enter to the private Part D plans, thereby encouraging them to better manage costs. Previously, the Federal government incurred the vast majority of liability during the catastrophic phase. Together, these changes to the Medicare prescription drug benefit will create new pricing dynamics for payers and manufacturers. 
 The United States Congress is also considering legislation that would dramatically reform the business model of the pharmacy benefit management, or PBM, industry. In general, the principal PBM business model relies on rebate payments from pharmaceutical manufacturers to PBMs (acting as agents of insurers) in exchange for administrative tasks such as formulary development, development of pharmacy networks, and plan benefit design. The proposed legislation would replace the rebate model with a model that relies on up-front discounts and would potentially significantly alter the relationship between manufacturers and PBMs. 
 As noted above, state legislatures are also increasingly considering and adopting laws that exert greater influence over the price of prescription drugs. In recent years, many states have passed cost transparency and pharmaceutical pricing laws. These laws often require manufacturers to report certain product information or other financial data to the state. States are expected to continue their focus on pharmaceutical pricing and will increasingly move to more aggressive price control tools such as Prescription Drug Affordability Boards that have the authority to conduct affordability reviews and establish upper payment limits. 
 Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own 
 29 

prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 The marketability of any drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payers fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical drug pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses were 131.5 million, 163.5 million and 164.5 million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not have our own manufacturing capabilities, except with respect to limited amounts of active pharmaceutical ingredients needed for preclinical development. To date, we have relied on third-party manufacturers, including manufacturers in China, for supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients and ingredients for use in clinical trials of our product candidates. We also expect that in the future we will rely on such manufacturers to produce commercial quantities of any product candidates that we commercialize ourselves. Manufacturing for glecaprevir is conducted by AbbVie. Wherever possible, we seek to identify multiple suppliers for raw materials and key intermediaries to be used in our manufacturing process. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We currently do not have any commercialization or sales and marketing capabilities, and currently have no fixed plans to invest in or build such capabilities internally. We have partnered our protease inhibitor compounds for HCV with AbbVie. We may also partner or collaborate with, or license commercial rights to, other larger pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical companies to support the development of one or more of our wholly-owned product candidates through late-stage clinical development and, if successful, commercialization. However, we still retain all commercial rights to our independent programs and we will continue to evaluate our alternatives for commercializing them once they are more advanced in their clinical development. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 We are a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1995. Our principal executive offices are located at 4 Kingsbury Avenue, Watertown, Massachusetts 02472, and our telephone number is (617) 607-0800. Our web site address is http:// www.enanta.com . 
 Segment Information 
 We provide segment information in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report. We are incorporating that information into this section by this reference. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 131 full-time employees, 65 of whom hold Ph.D. or M.D. degrees and an additional 30 of whom hold a master's degree or other post-graduate degree. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to our future prospects. Historically we have had relatively low turnover of employees, but as the number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in the Boston area has increased, we have experienced an increase in the number of employees leaving for other opportunities. Given our financial resources and our track record, we continue to be able to fill the vacated positions. We also monitor our compensation programs closely and provide what we consider to be a very competitive mix of compensation and insurance benefits for all our employees, as 
 30 

well as participation in our equity programs. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a trade or labor union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet website address is http://www.enanta.com. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, and, from time to time, other documents as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These SEC reports can be accessed through the Investors section of our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov. 
 31 

ITEM 1A.	RI SK FACTORS 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition to other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the SEC. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We will require substantial additional funding to achieve our goals. A failure to obtain this funding when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate some or all of our product development efforts. 
 We will continue to expend substantial resources discovering and developing our proprietary product candidates. These expenditures will exceed our royalty revenues from our AbbVie collaboration and will include costs associated with research and development, preclinical manufacturing of product candidates, conducting preclinical experiments and clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals, as well as commercializing any products later approved for sale. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 
 the number and characteristics of our research and development programs; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our product candidates on our own, including conducting advanced clinical trials; 

our ability to establish new collaborations, licensing or other arrangements, if any, and the financial terms of such arrangements; 

the amount of our retained portion of royalties generated from MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales under our existing collaboration with AbbVie; 

delays and additional expenses in our clinical trials; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates for clinical development and any products we successfully commercialize independently; 

opportunities to in-license or otherwise acquire new technologies and therapeutic candidates ; 

costs associated with prosecuting our patent infringement suit regarding use of a coronavirus 3CL protease inhibitor in Paxlovid, Pfizer s antiviral treatment for COVID-19; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any product candidates we develop independently; 

the cost of commercialization activities, if any, of any product candidates we develop independently that are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 

the timing and amount of any sales of our product candidates, if any, or royalties thereon ; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents, including any litigation costs and the outcomes of any such litigation ; and 

potential fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional funding to support our operations. Additional funds may not be available if and when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our ability to raise funds will depend on financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate preclinical studies, clinical trials or other research and development activities for one or more of our product candidates. 
 Our revenues are dependent upon royalty revenues derived from AbbVie s net sales of its MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen for HCV, which includes our protease inhibitor, glecaprevir. If AbbVie is unable to maintain sales of this 
 32 

regimen at or above current levels of sales, our royalty revenues, as well as our retained cash portion of royalties, will be adversely affected. 
 AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen continues to be a leading HCV treatment in the U.S. and several market geographies in developed countries where it is approved. While commercialization of this regimen is exclusively in AbbVie s control without any required input from us, we believe it is possible that prices will decline further due to payors obtaining additional discounts or competitive market dynamics. For example, the states of Louisiana and Washington have negotiated a blanket price for one of the HCV drug companies to treat all patients in one or more state programs (e.g., Medicaid). Gilead has been awarded the contract in Louisiana and other states and AbbVie has been awarded the contract in Washington and other states. In addition, Gilead has been able to access the Medicaid market at a lower price point to build its market share by using an authorized generic version of its HCV regimen branded as Epclusa . It is unknown whether these programs or other programs that states may adopt could have any further impact on MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales. There may also be fluctuations in AbbVie s market share over time due to these and other competitive actions by Gilead. 
 In addition, in light of continued fiscal crises experienced by several countries in the European Union and Japan, governments have announced or implemented measures to manage and reduce healthcare expenditures. AbbVie may experience global pricing pressure for its MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen from such measures, which may be reflected in larger discounts or rebates on its regimens or delayed reimbursement. Also, private and public payors may choose to exclude AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen from their formulary coverage lists or limit the types of patients for whom coverage will be provided. Any such change in formulary coverage, discounts or rebates or reimbursement for MAVYRET/MAVIRET would negatively affect the demand for this regimen and our royalty revenue derived from its sales. 
 In addition, AbbVie has the right to make decisions regarding the commercialization of licensed products without consulting us. For example, in 2018 AbbVie entered into a royalty-free licensing agreement with the Medicines Patent Pool to accelerate access to generic versions of MAVYRET/MAVIRET in 99 low- and middle-income countries and territories. AbbVie may also make decisions with which we do not agree. If AbbVie acts in a manner that is not in our best interest, then it could adversely affect our royalty revenues. 
 We and AbbVie face substantial competition in the markets for HCV drugs, and there are many companies developing potential therapies for RSV and other viral infections, as well as for CSU, AD and other immunology diseases, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before we do or doing so more successfully than we do. 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Many large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations are commercializing or pursuing the development of products that target viral infections, including HCV, RSV and immunology diseases, including CSU and AD, as well as SARS-CoV-2 and HBV assets and other viral infections or diseases that we may target in the future. Many of our competitors have substantially greater commercial infrastructure and greater financial, technical and personnel resources than we have, as well as drug candidates in late-stage clinical development. 
 In all the disease areas currently in the focus of our research and development efforts, there are other companies with product candidates that are more advanced than ours. Our competitors may succeed in developing these product candidates or others and obtaining regulatory approval before we can do so with any of our product candidates. If we are not first to market with one of our product candidates in one or more of these disease indications, our competitive position could be compromised because it may be more difficult for us to obtain marketing approval for that product candidate and market acceptance of that product candidate as a follow-on competitor. In addition, any new product that competes with an approved product typically must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability or safety, or some combination of these factors, to gain regulatory approvals, overcome price competition and be commercially successful. 
 RSV, CSU and AD, as well as COVID-19 and HBV, represent competitive therapeutic areas. 
 For RSV, there are currently no safe and effective therapies for already established RSV infection. Several companies are seeking to develop antiviral treatments for RSV infection in adult and pediatric patients. Ark Biosciences and Shionogi have compounds in clinical development. 
 There are several prophylaxis options on the market or in development. AstraZeneca/Sanofi (BEYFORTUS and Merck (Clesrovimab Phase 3 complete) are developing long-acting monoclonal antibodies for prophylaxis use in infants, and Pfizer has an approved maternal vaccine (ABRYSVO ), all of which provide passive immunity to infants. Sanofi is also evaluating a vaccine in infants and toddlers (RSVt vaccine Phase 3). There are also two approved RSV vaccines for adults 
 33 

over 60 years of age (Pfizer/ABRYSVO and Moderna/Mresvia and one approved RSV vaccine for adults over 50 years of age (GSK/AREXVY ). 
 For CSU, there are a number of different mechanisms being explored, including inhibitors of IL-4R, IgE, BTK, SIGLEC-6, and MRGPRX2. Specifically for KIT inhibitors, there are companies with antibodies in development, including Celldex (barzolvolimab - Phase 3) and Jasper (briquilimab - Phase 1b/2a), as well as companies with oral, small molecules in early clinical or preclinical development, including Third Harmonic, Blueprint, Arcus, and Alivexis. 
 For AD, the moderate-severe atopic dermatitis treatment landscape is dominated by biologics targeting the IL-4 and/or IL-13 pathway (e.g., DUPIXENT (dupilumab) and ADBRY (tralokinumab-ldrm)), with JAK inhibitors (e.g., RINVOQ (upadacitinib) and CIBINQO (abrocitinib)) as the only oral option. Multiple oral mechanisms are in development, including inhibitors of MRGPRX2, IRAK4, STAT6, RASP and PKM2. The latest stage oral assets are in Ph2 (Incyte MRGPRX2 Ph2a; Sanofi/Kymera IRAK4 Ph2). For STAT6 inhibitors specifically, companies with oral assets in development include Kymera (KT-621 Phase 1) and Sanofi/Recludix (preclinical). 
 In the chronic HCV market, we expect AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET to continue to face intense competition due to existing approved HCV products. AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen currently faces competition in various world markets and subpopulations of HCV from Gilead s Epclusa (a fixed dose combination of sofosbuvir and velpatasvir), Vosevi (a triple combination therapy of sofosbuvir, velpatasvir and voxilaprevir approved by the FDA for specified sofosbuvir treatment failures and NS5A-inhibitor treatment failures) and Harvoni (a fixed-dose combination of sofosbuvir and ledipasvir); and to a lesser extent - Merck s Zepatier (a fixed-dose combination of grazoprevir and elbasvir). Gilead launched authorized generic versions of Epclusa and Harvoni through its subsidiary, Asegua Therapeutics, LLC, which have had an impact on the competitive landscape. For example, the state of Louisiana selected Asegua as their HCV subscription model pharmaceutical partner to provide the state with unrestricted access to its direct-acting antiviral medication. 
 Other competitive products in the form of other treatment methods or a vaccine for HCV may render MAVYRET/MAVIRET obsolete or noncompetitive. MAVYRET/MAVIRET will face competition based on its safety and effectiveness, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position, AbbVie s marketing and sales capabilities, and other factors. If MAVYRET/MAVIRET faces competition from generic products other than authorized generic versions by the manufacturer of the branded product (e.g., Gilead and Asegua Therapeutics), our collaboration agreement provides that the royalty rate applicable to our protease product contained in the regimen is reduced significantly by a specified percentage on a product-by-product, country-by-country basis. If AbbVie is not able to compete effectively against its competitors in HCV, including any generic products, our business will not grow and our financial condition, operations and stock price will suffer. 
 For COVID, there are two oral antiviral treatments for non-hospitalized, high-risk patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection: PAXLOVID , a 3CL protease inhibitor (nirmatrelvir) boosted with ritonavir (full approval), and LAGEVRIO (molnupiravir), a polymerase inhibitor (Emergency Use Authorization). There are no oral direct acting antivirals for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 in late stage global clinical trials. 
 While there are antiviral medications prescribed for HBV that can suppress HBV DNA, they generally have low cure rates, resulting in the need for lifelong treatment. Many companies are seeking to develop new HBV drugs that alone or in combination with other mechanisms could lead to a functional cure for HBV. Vir, GSK, Arbutus, and Roche have multiple combination regimens under investigation in later stage clinical studies. In addition, a number of companies have Phase 1 or earlier stage HBV programs. 
 If we are not able to develop new products that can compete effectively against our current and future competitors, our business will not grow and our financial condition, operations and stock price will suffer. 
 We have not developed independently any approved products and we have limited clinical development experience, which makes it difficult to assess our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 AbbVie has been responsible for all of the clinical development of our HCV protease inhibitor products. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to address successfully many of the risks and uncertainties associated with late-stage clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of therapeutic products such as the ones we plan to develop independently. For example, to execute our business plan for the development of our independent RSV programs, we will need to successfully: 
 execute clinical development of our product candidates and demonstrate acceptable safety and efficacy for them alone or in combination with other drugs or drug candidates; 

obtain required regulatory approvals for the development and commercialization of our product candidates; 

34 

develop and maintain any future collaborations we may enter into for any of these programs; 

obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates and freedom from infringement of intellectual property of others; 

establish acceptable commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 

build and maintain robust sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, either independently or in collaboration with future collaborators; 

gain market acceptance for our product candidates among physicians, payors and patients; and 

manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to clinical trials, regulatory approvals and commercialization. 

If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates and expand our business or continue our operations. 
 If we are not successful in developing zelicapavir or EDP-323, or discovering and developing KIT and STAT6 inhibitors, or in obtaining a partner to advance EDP-235 or EDP-514, or in discovering further product candidates, our ability to expand our business and achieve our strategic objectives will be impaired. 
 Much of our internal research is at preclinical stages. Research programs designed to identify product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying additional potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development or commercialization for many reasons, including the following: 
 the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying additional potential product candidates; 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates less commercially viable or obsolete; 

competitors may obtain intellectual property protection that effectively prevents us from developing a product candidate; 

a product candidate may, on further study, be shown not to be an effective treatment in humans or to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; and 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all. 

Additional drug candidates that we may develop will require significant research, preclinical and clinical studies, regulatory approvals and commitments of resources before they can be commercialized. We cannot give assurance that our research will lead to the discovery of any additional drug candidates that will generate additional revenue for us. If we are unable to identify additional compounds suitable for preclinical and clinical development, we may not be able to obtain sufficient product revenue in future periods, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our stock price. 
 If we fail to attract and keep senior management and key scientific personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel. We are highly dependent upon our senior management, particularly Jay R. Luly, Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer and President, Yat Sun Or, Ph.D., our Senior Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, and Scott T. Rottinghaus, M.D., our Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, as well as other employees and consultants. Although none of Drs. Luly, Or, or Rottinghaus has informed us to date that he expects to retire or resign in the near future, the loss of the services of any of these individuals or one or more of our other members of senior management could delay or prevent the successful development of our product candidates. 
 While we have not historically experienced unique difficulties attracting and retaining qualified employees, we could experience such problems in the future. For example, competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical fields is intense. In addition, we will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development and ultimately seek regulatory approvals and prepare for commercial activities. We may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms. 
 35 

We may encounter difficulties expanding our operations successfully to advance our product candidates. 
 As we seek to advance our product candidates through clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities or contract with third parties to obtain these capabilities. As our pipeline expands, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers and other third parties. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to manage our development efforts and clinical trials effectively and hire, train and integrate additional management, administrative and sales and marketing personnel. We may not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could prevent us from successfully growing our company. 
 Risks Related to Development, Clinical Testing and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates 
 Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. Any ongoing or future clinical trials of our product candidates may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy. If clinical trials of any of our proprietary product candidates are prolonged or delayed or fail, we may be unable to commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis or ever. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and, depending on the stage of development, can take a substantial time period to complete. Its outcome is inherently uncertain, and failure can occur at any time during clinical development. None of our product candidates in our pipeline, other than glecaprevir, which was clinically developed by AbbVie, has yet to advance beyond Phase 2 clinical trials. Any ongoing or future clinical trials of our product candidates may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy. Moreover, regulatory and administrative delays for any product candidate in our pipeline may adversely affect our or any future collaborator s clinical development plans and jeopardize our or any future collaborator s ability to attain product approval, commence product sales and compete successfully against other therapies. 
 Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 
 reaching an agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

failure of third-party contractors, such as CROs, or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements; 

failure to obtain on a timely basis, or at all, the necessary approvals from regulators or institutional review boards, or IRBs, to commence a clinical trial at a prospective trial site, or their suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

difficulty in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

the broader impact of COVID-19 and other viruses on the incidence of RSV; 

seasonality and variations in the incidence of infection year to year (e.g., RSV) affecting enrollment in clinical trials; 

difficulty in having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

problems with drug product or drug substance storage and distribution; 

having to add new clinical trial sites; 

our inability to manufacture, or obtain from third parties, adequate supply of drug product sufficient to complete our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

changes in governmental or regulatory administration; 

lack of clear guidance or changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including guidelines specifically addressing requirements for the development of treatments for RSV, COVID-19 or HBV infection; 

difficulty in obtaining and maintaining adequate insurance coverage; 

program discontinuations or clinical holds for a program of a competitor, which could increase the level of regulatory scrutiny or delay data review or other response times by regulators with respect to one of our programs in the same class as the competitor s program; or 

36 

varying interpretations of data by the FDA, the EMA and similar foreign regulatory agencies. 

We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trial is being conducted, by any Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, for such trial, or by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, delays can occur due to safety concerns arising from trials or other clinical data regarding another company s product candidate in the same compound class as one of ours. If we or any future collaborators experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of one of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of the product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to commence product sales and generate product revenues from the product candidate will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs in the long term and slow down our product candidate development and approval process. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 Zelicapavir or EDP-323, or any other product candidate emerging from our current research programs, may have undesirable side effects which may delay or prevent marketing approval or, if approval is received, require our product candidate to be taken off the market, require us to include safety warnings or otherwise limit sales. 
 In our RSV program, we are developing inhibitors of the N-protein and L-protein. No inhibitor of the RSV N- or L-protein has progressed beyond a Phase 2 clinical trial, so we are not yet able to assess the potential liabilities of an N-protein or L-protein inhibitor in large scale studies or in the general population. In addition, the principal target populations in RSV, namely infants, the elderly, and the immunocompromised, represent sensitive or high-risk patient populations that could be more prone to adverse effects of therapy. 
 If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by such products: 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

we may be required to change instructions regarding the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; 

we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 

the product may be subject to additional distribution restrictions under a REMS, if required by the FDA; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly; 

regulatory authorities may require us to take our approved product off the market; 

we may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 

our reputation and our stock price may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenue from the sale of any product we may develop. 
 If we are required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials due to side effects or other safety risks associated with our product candidates, or if we are required to conduct studies on the long-term effects associated with the use of any of those product candidates, then commercialization any of those product candidates could be delayed or halted. 
 Clinical trials involving our product candidates may be suspended or terminated at any time for a number of safety-related reasons. For example, we may voluntarily suspend or terminate clinical trials if at any time one of our product candidates, or a combination therapy including any of them, presents an unacceptable safety risk to the clinical trial patients. In addition, IRBs or regulatory agencies may order the temporary discontinuation or termination of clinical trials at any time if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, including if they present an unacceptable safety risk to patients. Administering any product candidate to humans may produce undesirable side effects. The existence of undesirable side effects resulting from any of our product candidates, or a combination therapy including any of them, could cause us or regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or EMA, to interrupt, 
 37 

delay or halt clinical trials of our product candidates and could result in the FDA or EMA or other regulatory agencies denying further development or approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. This, in turn, could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates. 
 Results of earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. 
 To date we have only tested our product candidates through initial Phase 2 studies. The results of preclinical studies and these early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, if any. In addition, results of Phase 3 clinical trials in one or more ethnic groups are not necessarily indicative of results in other ethnic groups. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy results despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. For example, several companies engaged in clinical development in the disease areas we are also engaged in have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to adverse safety profiles or lack of efficacy, notwithstanding promising results in earlier studies. Similarly, future clinical trial results may not be successful for these or other reasons. 
 Product candidate development risk is heightened by any changes in the planned clinical trials compared to the completed clinical trials. As product candidates are developed through preclinical studies and early-stage and late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is customary that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could make the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials we may initiate less predictable and could cause our product candidates to perform differently, which could delay completion of clinical trials, delay approval of our product candidates and/or jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain timely regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The regulatory approval process is expensive and, while the time required to gain FDA and foreign regulatory approval is uncertain, it may take years. Regulatory approvals are unpredictable and depend upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of preclinical and clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We may be required to undertake and complete certain additional preclinical studies to generate toxicity and other data required to support the submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, to the FDA or comparable application to other regulatory authorities. AbbVie obtained all regulatory approvals for its paritaprevir-containing regimens and for MAVYRET/MAVIRET, which contains glecaprevir. We have not obtained regulatory approval by ourselves for any of our wholly-owned product candidates and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any of our future product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. Furthermore, approval in the United States by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submissions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies of any of our product candidates; and 

38 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, the EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

We cannot be assured that, after spending substantial time and resources, we will obtain regulatory approvals in any desired jurisdiction. Even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Significant clinical trial delays could allow our competitors to obtain marketing approval before we do or could in effect shorten the patent protection period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates. In addition, it may ultimately not be possible to achieve the prices intended for our product candidates. In many foreign countries, including those in the European Union, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates and our business. 
 The regulatory pathway for approval of a therapeutic treatment for COVID-19 such as EDP-235 is continually evolving and may result in unexpected or unforeseen challenges and longer timelines than seen for earlier COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. 
 Initial COVID-19 vaccines, therapeutic antibodies and other therapeutics that demonstrated positive results in clinical trials have moved rapidly through the FDA regulatory review and emergency use authorization, or EUA, process, as well as the review and authorization process in a number of other jurisdictions, including the EU when there were no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. The speed at which all parties acted to create and test many therapeutics for COVID-19 was unusual. The end of the pandemic, however, may have changed those dynamics. Evolving priorities within the FDA or the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, including changes based on new data regarding potential therapeutics of others, and new variants of the virus, may significantly affect the regulatory timeline for further authorizations or approvals for therapeutics such as EDP-235. Accordingly, it is still uncertain what will be the timelines or regulatory processes required for the authorization or approval of new treatments for COVID-19, including EDP-235. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates we develop independently, we will be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory review in other jurisdictions, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we or our collaborators fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates we develop independently may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or subject to certain conditions of approval, or may contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. 
 In addition, if the FDA approves any of our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, and good clinical practices, or GCP, for any clinical trials that we or our collaborators conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on any post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

39 

We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we, or AbbVie in the case of any licensed HCV product, are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or AbbVie are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates or AbbVie s licensed HCV products may lose any marketing approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 We may delay or terminate the development of a product candidate at any time if we believe the perceived market or commercial opportunity does not justify further investment, which could materially harm our business and adversely affect our stock price. 
 Even though the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials that we have conducted or may conduct in the future may support further development of one or more of our product candidates, we may delay, suspend or terminate the future development of a product candidate at any time for strategic, business, financial or other reasons, including the determination or belief that the emerging profile of the product candidate is such that it may not receive regulatory approvals in key markets, gain meaningful market acceptance, otherwise provide any competitive advantages in its intended indication or market or generate a significant return to stockholders. Such a delay, suspension or termination could materially harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 Unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives in the United States could harm our business. 
 The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. In the United States, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively referred to as the ACA, has significantly changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. While we cannot predict what impact on federal reimbursement policies this law or any amendment to it will continue to have in general or specifically on MAVYRET/MAVIRET or any product or regimen that we may commercialize, the ACA or any such amendment may result in downward pressure on pharmaceutical reimbursement, which could negatively affect market acceptance of new products. In addition, several states have not implemented the provisions of the ACA that involve the expansion of Medicaid-eligibility for low-income adults. While the United States Supreme Court recently rejected the latest challenge to the constitutionality of the ACA, it is possible that other legislative efforts may seek to modify it. We cannot predict what effect any legislation may have on us or on AbbVie s sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. Most recently, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, which, among other provisions, included several measures intended to lower the cost of prescription drugs and related healthcare reforms. Specifically, the Act authorizes and directs the Department of Health and Human Services, or DHHS, to set drug price caps for certain high-cost Medicare Part B and Part D qualified drugs, with the initial list of drugs selected in August 2023, and the first year of maximum price applicability to begin in calendar year 2026. The Act further authorizes the DHHS to penalize pharmaceutical manufacturers that increase the price of certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs faster than the rate of inflation. Finally, the Act creates significant changes to the Medicare Part D benefit design by capping Part D beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket spending beginning in calendar year 2025. We cannot be sure whether additional or related legislation or rulemaking will be issued or enacted, or what impact, if any, such changes will have on the royalty revenue we receive from MAVYRET/MAVIRET or revenue from any of our drug candidates, if approved for commercial use, in the future. If any further healthcare reform measures adopted in the future result in additional downward pressure on the price that AbbVie receives for MAVYRET/MAVIRET, this would adversely affect our future revenues, and the price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our ability to commercialize any product candidate successfully, as well as AbbVie s continued commercialization of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, will also depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. In the case of HCV, limitations of coverage have recently been used to limit access to HCV treatments for only those patients with more advanced fibrosis. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and, in many cases involving HCV drugs, seeking discounts in exchange for greater patient access to a particular HCV drug. In addition, there are private and public payors challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we may commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of 
 40 

reimbursement. In addition, reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, MAVYRET/MAVIRET or any product candidate for which we may obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we may seek marketing approval. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable authorities in other jurisdictions. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also be insufficient to cover our and any collaborator s costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. AbbVie s inability to continue to obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for MAVYRET/MAVIRET, or our inability to obtain the same for any product candidate that we develop, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
 In general, the United States and several other jurisdictions are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any products that we develop or that are being commercialized under our collaboration with AbbVie. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may limit our ability to generate revenue, maintain profitability or commercialize our product candidates. 
 Foreign governments tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 In most foreign countries, particularly in the European Union and Japan, prescription drug pricing and/or reimbursement is subject to governmental control. In those countries that impose price controls, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. 
 Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we (or AbbVie in the case of MAVYRET/MAVIRET) might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay the commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues that are generated from the sale of the product in that country. If reimbursement of MAVYRET/MAVIRET or of any of our product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, or if there is competition from lower priced cross-border sales, our results of operations will be negatively affected. 
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into licensing or collaboration agreements for these purposes, we may not be successful in commercializing any product candidates. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no sales, marketing or distribution experience. We will seek to either build our own commercial infrastructure to commercialize any products if and when they are approved, or enter into licensing or collaboration agreements where our collaborator is responsible for commercialization, as in the case of our collaboration with AbbVie, or where we have the right to assist in the future development and commercialization of such products. 
 To develop internal sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, we will have to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources, some of which will be committed prior to any confirmation that any of our proprietary product candidates will be approved. For product candidates for which we decide to perform sales, marketing and distribution functions ourselves, we could face a number of additional risks, including: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

41 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any products; 

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

Where and when appropriate, we may elect to utilize contract sales forces or distribution partners to assist in the commercialization of our product candidates. If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services for our products, the resulting revenues or the profitability from these revenues to us are likely to be lower than if we had sold, marketed and distributed our products ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of these third parties may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell, market and distribute our products effectively. 
 If we do not establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates. 
 Commercial success of our product candidates depends upon significant market acceptance among physicians, patients and healthcare payors of any resulting approved drug. 
 Zelicapavir, EDP-323, and any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, whether as part of a combination therapy or as a monotherapy, are subject to market acceptance among physicians, healthcare payors, patients and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidate for which we obtain approval for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety of treatment regimens containing one of our product candidates, as demonstrated in clinical trials, and the degree to which these regimens represent a clinically meaningful improvement in care as compared with other available therapies; 

the clinical indications for which any treatment regimen containing one of our product candidates become approved; 

acceptance among physicians, major operators of clinics, payors and patients of any treatment regimen containing one of our product candidates; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the potential and perceived advantages of treatment regimens containing one of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 

the cost of treatment of regimens containing one of our product candidates in relation to the cost of alternative treatments; 

the availability of adequate reimbursement and pricing by third parties and government authorities and successful negotiation of favorable agreements with payors by us or any collaborator of ours, as well as the impact of any agreements among any of the foregoing and one or more of our competitors limiting access to our product in favor of one or more competitive products; 

the continued longevity of any market for which we develop a drug; 

the levels of funding provided by government-funded healthcare for treatment of any disease for which we develop a drug; 

the relative convenience and ease of administration of any treatment regimen containing one of our product candidates compared to competitive regimens; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects, whether involving the use of treatment regimens containing one of our products candidates or similar, competitive treatment regimens; and 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. 

42 

If treatment regimens containing one of our product candidates are approved and then fail to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to generate significant additional revenue. Further, if new, more favorably received therapies are introduced after any such regimen achieves market acceptance, then we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We may not be successful in establishing new product collaborations, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining or forming alliances on favorable terms, our business may not succeed. 
 We may seek to enter into additional product collaborations in the future, including alliances with other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, to enhance and accelerate the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. For example, our continued development of EDP-235 and EDP-514 are dependent on establishing collaborations. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish other product collaborations or other alternative arrangements for any product candidates and programs because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates and programs may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and/or third parties may not view our product candidates and programs as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish product collaborations, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable to us and we may not be able to maintain such product collaborations if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate is delayed or sales of an approved product are disappointing. 
 If our existing collaboration agreement with AbbVie is terminated, or if we determine that entering into other product collaborations is in our best interest but we either fail to enter into, experience a delay in entering into, or fail to maintain, such collaborations: 
 the development of certain of our product candidates may be terminated or delayed; 

our cash expenditures related to the development of certain of our product candidates would increase significantly and we may need to seek additional financing; 

we may be required to hire additional employees or otherwise develop expertise, such as clinical, regulatory, sales and marketing expertise, which we do not currently have; 

we will bear all of the risk related to the development of any such product candidates; and 

the competitiveness of any product candidate that is commercialized could be reduced. 

We intend to rely on third-party manufacturers to produce our development-stage product candidate supplies and any commercial supplies of any approved product candidates. Any failure by a third-party manufacturer to produce acceptable supplies for us may delay or impair our ability to initiate or complete our clinical trials or sell any resulting product. 
 We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We plan to continue to work with third-party contract manufacturers to produce sufficient quantities of any product candidates for preclinical testing, clinical trials and commercialization. If we are unable to arrange for such a third-party manufacturing source for any of our product candidates, or fail to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to successfully produce, develop and market one or more of our product candidates, or we may be delayed in doing so. 
 Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured product candidates ourselves, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality control and assurance, volume production, the possibility of breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control (including a failure to synthesize and manufacture our product candidates in accordance with our product specifications), shutdowns of manufacturing sites or other supply chain constraints, and the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or damaging to us. In addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require that our product candidates be manufactured according to cGMP and similar foreign standards. Pharmaceutical manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their facilities and/or products manufactured at the time of submission of the marketing application and then annually thereafter with the FDA and certain state and foreign agencies. They are also subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, state and other foreign authorities. Any subsequent discovery of problems with a product, or a manufacturing or laboratory facility used by us or our collaborators, may result in restrictions on the product or on the manufacturing or laboratory facility, including marketed product recall, suspension of manufacturing, product seizure, or a voluntary withdrawal of the drug from the market. Any failure by our third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP or failure to scale up manufacturing processes, 
 43 

including any failure to deliver sufficient quantities of product candidates in a timely manner, could lead to a delay in, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. 
 We plan to rely on third-party manufacturers to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our clinical studies. There are a small number of suppliers for certain capital equipment and materials that we plan to use to manufacture our drugs. Such suppliers may not sell these materials to our manufacturers at the times we need them or on commercially reasonable terms. Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements for the production of these materials. Although we do not intend to begin a clinical trial unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete the clinical trial, any significant delay in the supply of a product candidate or the material components thereof for an ongoing clinical trial due to the need to replace a third-party manufacturer could considerably delay completion of our clinical studies, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates. If our manufacturers or we are unable to purchase these materials after regulatory approval has been obtained for our product candidates, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenue from the sale of our product candidates. 
 Contract manufacturers may not be able to manufacture our product candidates at a cost or in quantities or in a timely manner necessary to develop and commercialize them. If we successfully commercialize any of our product candidates, to meet our projected needs we may need to find third parties that will increase their scale of production, or we may have to establish or access large-scale commercial manufacturing capabilities. We may require additional funds, personnel and other resources to build, lease or operate any manufacturing facility. 
 A portion of our research and a portion of our manufacturing of certain key intermediates used in the manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredients for our product candidates takes place in China through third-party researchers and manufacturers. A significant disruption in the operation of those researchers or manufacturers, or a trade war, geopolitical unrest, legislation (such as the proposed BIOSECURE Act), sanctions or other regulatory requirements, or an epidemic in China, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Although manufacturing for MAVYRET/MAVIRET is being conducted by AbbVie, we have relied on third parties located in China to manufacture and supply certain key intermediates used in the manufacture of our active pharmaceutical ingredients, or API, for our current product candidates, and we expect to continue to use such third party manufacturers for such intermediates for any product candidates we develop independently. Any disruption in production or inability of our manufacturers in China to produce adequate quantities to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster, pandemic or other cause, could impair our ability to operate our business on a day-to-day basis and to continue our research and development of our product candidates. We also use contract researchers in China to conduct a portion of our research for our early-stage programs. Any disruption in the team conducting that research could cause delays in one or more of our research programs and could require us to curtail one or more programs, at least until we could contract for that research to be done elsewhere. For example, either of these risks could be triggered by an epidemic such as the outbreak of COVID-19 in the Wuhan region of China or the series of so-called lock-downs in China when strict quarantine requirements were imposed on large population areas in response to new incidents of COVID infection. Our contract manufacturers in China, which are not located in the Wuhan region, managed to avoid any material delays in their ability to deliver API and other services through extraordinary efforts, including temporarily housing staff in the manufacturing facility. Furthermore, since these researchers and manufacturers are located in China, we are exposed to the possibility of product supply disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies of the United States or Chinese governments, geopolitical unrest or unstable economic conditions in China. For example, a trade war could lead to tariffs on the chemical intermediates we use that are manufactured in China. In addition, our contract manufacturers and researchers in China may be subject to U.S. legislation, sanctions, trade restrictions and other foreign regulatory requirements, which could increase the cost or reduce the supply of material available to us or delay or prevent the procurement or supply of such material. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations despite our ongoing efforts to mitigate these risks. For example, the recently proposed BIOSECURE Act that was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives in September 2024, as well as a substantially similar bill in the U.S. Senate, target U.S. government contracts, grants, and loans for entities that use equipment and services from certain named Chinese biotech companies, and authorize the U.S. government to name additional Chinese biotechnology companies of concern. If these bills become law, or similar laws are passed, they would have the potential to severely restrict the ability of companies to work with certain Chinese biotechnology companies of concern without losing the ability to contract with, or otherwise receive funding from, the U.S. government. 
 Any recall of the manufacturing lots or similar action regarding our API used in clinical trials could delay the trials or detract from the integrity of the trial data and its potential use in future regulatory filings. In addition, manufacturing interruptions or failure to comply with regulatory requirements by any of these manufacturers could significantly delay clinical development of potential products and reduce third-party or clinical researcher interest and support of proposed 
 44 

trials. These interruptions or failures could also impede commercialization of our product candidates and impair our competitive position. Further, we may be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currency in China. Future appreciation of the local currency could increase our costs. In addition, our labor costs could continue to rise as wage rates increase due to increased demand for skilled laborers and the availability of skilled labor declines in China. 
 We rely on third parties to monitor, support, conduct and/or oversee clinical trials of our product candidates that we develop independently and, in some cases, to maintain regulatory files for those product candidates. If we are not able to maintain or secure agreements with such third parties on acceptable terms, if these third parties do not perform their services as required, if geopolitical unrest disrupts activity at a number of our clinical trial sites, or if these third parties fail to timely transfer any regulatory information held by them to us, we may not be able to conduct our clinical trials in a timely manner, obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, our product candidates. 
 We rely on CROs, hospitals, clinics, academic institutions and other third-party collaborators who are outside our control to monitor, support, conduct and/or oversee preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates. We also rely on third parties to perform clinical trials of our product candidates if and when they reach that stage. As a result, we have less control over the timing and cost of these studies and the ability to recruit trial subjects than if we conducted these trials wholly by ourselves. If we are unable to maintain or enter into agreements with these third parties on acceptable terms or engagement is terminated, we may be unable to enroll patients on a timely basis or otherwise conduct our trials in the manner we anticipate. Additionally, although no situations to date have caused a significant disruption in our clinical trial operations, geopolitical unrest or a pandemic could disrupt a number of our clinical trial sites and cause one or more of our clinical trials to be delayed. In the case of zelicapavir, we paused recruitment and dosing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, but we were able to resume the studies in July 2020. The pause in these studies, as well as the absence of RSV in the population generally, delayed enrollment of these studies, and it is uncertain whether any of our other ongoing studies may be subject to further disruptions. In addition, there is no guarantee that these third parties will devote adequate time and resources to our studies or perform as required by a contract or in accordance with regulatory requirements, including maintenance of clinical trial information regarding our product candidates. If these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, fail to timely transfer to us any regulatory information, fail to adhere to protocols or fail to act in accordance with regulatory requirements or our agreements with them, or if they otherwise perform in a substandard manner or in a way that compromises the quality or accuracy of their activities or the data they obtain, then clinical trials of our product candidates may be extended, delayed or terminated, or our data may be rejected by the FDA or regulatory agencies. 
 To the extent we elect to enter into additional licensing or collaboration agreements to partner our product candidates, our dependence on such relationships may adversely affect our business. 
 Our commercialization strategy for some of our product candidates may depend on our ability to enter into collaboration agreements with other companies to obtain access to other compounds for use in combination with any of our product candidates or for assistance and funding for the development and potential commercialization of any of these product candidates, similar to what we have done with AbbVie. Supporting diligence activities conducted by potential collaborators and negotiating the financial and other terms of a collaboration agreement are long and complex processes with uncertain results. Even if we are successful in entering into one or more additional collaboration agreements, collaborations can involve greater uncertainty for us, as we may have limited or no control over certain aspects of our collaborative programs. We may determine that continuing a collaboration under the terms provided is not in our best interest, and we may terminate the collaboration. Our collaborators could delay or terminate their agreements with us, and our product candidates subject to collaborative arrangements may never be successfully commercialized. 
 Further, our collaborators may develop alternative products or pursue alternative technologies either on their own or in collaboration with others, including our competitors, and the priorities or focus of our collaborators may shift such that our programs receive less attention or resources than we would like, or they may be terminated altogether. Any such actions by our collaborators may adversely affect our business prospects and ability to earn revenue. In addition, we could have disputes with our collaborators, such as the interpretation of terms in our agreements. Any such disagreements could lead to delays in the development or commercialization of any potential products or could result in time-consuming and expensive litigation or arbitration, which may not be resolved in our favor. 
 Even with respect to programs that we intend to commercialize ourselves, we may enter into agreements with collaborators to share in the burden of conducting clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing our product candidates or products. In addition, our ability to apply our proprietary technologies to develop proprietary compounds will depend on our ability to establish and maintain licensing arrangements or other collaborative arrangements with the holders of proprietary rights to such compounds. We may not be able to establish such arrangements on favorable terms or at all, and our collaborative arrangements may not be successful. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Rights 
 45 

We are competing to develop intellectual property in areas of small-molecule drug development that are highly competitive. We could be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining adequate patent protection for one or more of our product candidates. 
 Our commercial success will depend, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates. We cannot be certain that patents will be issued or granted with respect to our patent applications that are currently pending, or that issued or granted patents will not later be found to be invalid and/or unenforceable, be interpreted in a manner that does not adequately protect our products, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies is generally uncertain because it involves complex legal and factual considerations. The standards applied by the United States Patent and Trademark Office and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents. Consequently, patents may not issue from our pending patent applications. As such, we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our proprietary products and technology, if any, and a failure to obtain adequate intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates and proprietary technology could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 In addition, certain of our activities in the past have been funded, and others may in the future be funded, by the United States federal government. For example, the preclinical and early clinical development of the lead antibiotic product candidate in our former antibiotic program, which we are no longer developing, was funded under a contract with NIAID, an entity of the United States federal government. When new technologies are developed with United States federal government funding, the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a nonexclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our patented technology. The government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the United States government-funded technology, or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to United States industry. In addition, United States government-funded inventions must be reported to the government and United States government funding must be disclosed in any resulting patent applications. In addition, our rights in such inventions are subject to certain requirements to manufacture products in the United States. 
 Claims that our product candidates or the sale or use of our products infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties could result in costly litigation or could require substantial time and money to resolve, even if litigation is avoided. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technology without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We cannot guarantee that our product candidates or any uses of our product candidates do not and will not in the future infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. Third parties might allege that we or our collaborators are infringing their patent rights or that we have misappropriated their trade secrets, or that we are otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, whether with respect to the manner in which we have conducted our research or to the composition, use or manufacture of the compounds we have developed or are developing with our collaborators. Such third parties might resort to litigation against us or other parties we have agreed to indemnify, which litigation could be based on either existing intellectual property or intellectual property that arises in the future. 
 It is also possible that we failed to identify, or may in the future fail to identify, relevant patents or patent applications held by third parties that cover our product candidates. Other patent applications in the United States and several other jurisdictions are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Furthermore, publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our collaborators were the first to invent, or the first to file patent applications on, our product candidates or for their uses, or that our product candidates will not infringe patents that are currently issued or that are issued in the future. In the event that a third party has also filed a patent application covering one of our product candidates or a similar invention, we may have to participate in an adversarial proceeding, known as an interference, declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or its foreign counterpart to determine priority of invention. Additionally, pending patent applications which have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our products or their use. 
 In order to avoid or settle potential claims with respect to any patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties, we may choose or be required to seek a license from a third party and be required to pay license fees or royalties or both, which could be substantial. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced, by court order or otherwise, to 
 46 

cease some or all aspects of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent or other intellectual property claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. Further, we could be found liable for significant monetary damages as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement. For example, we have received, and may in the future receive, offers to license and demands to license from third parties claiming that we are infringing their intellectual property or owe license fees and, even if such claims are without merit, there can be no assurance that we will successfully avoid or settle such claims. 
 In addition, if AbbVie licenses or otherwise acquires rights to intellectual property controlled by a third party in various circumstances, for example, where a product could not be legally developed or commercialized in a country without the third-party intellectual property right, it is entitled under our collaboration agreement to decrease payments payable to us on a product-by-product basis and, in certain cases, on a country-by-country basis. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business significantly. 
 Defending against claims of patent infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets or other violations of intellectual property rights could be costly and time consuming, regardless of the outcome. Thus, even if we were to ultimately prevail, or to settle at an early stage, such litigation could burden us with substantial unanticipated costs. In addition, litigation or threatened litigation could result in significant demands on the time and attention of our management team, distracting them from the pursuit of other company business. Claims that our product candidates or the sale or use of our future products infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights could therefore have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Issued patents covering one or more of our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court, including as a result of counterclaims filed against us in connection with our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties. 
 Despite measures we take to obtain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates and proprietary technology, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated. For example, if we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable, as has been asserted by Pfizer in our patent infringement suit regarding Paxlovid, Pfizer s antiviral treatment for COVID-19. In patent litigation in the United States and in some other jurisdictions, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, for example, lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the applicable foreign counterpart, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Although we believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with the duty of candor and in good faith, the outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on a product candidate. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, other than in litigation like the Pfizer case, which does not cover EDP-235, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on a product candidate. Even if a defendant does not prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, our patent claims may be construed in a manner that would limit our ability to enforce such claims against the defendant and others. Any loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on one or more of our product candidates and our business. 
 Enforcing our intellectual property rights against third parties may also cause such third parties to file other counterclaims against us, which could be costly to defend and could require us to pay substantial damages, cease the sale of certain products or enter into a license agreement and pay royalties (which may not be possible on commercially reasonable terms or at all). Any efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights are also likely to be costly, as has been and may continue to be the case with the Pfizer suit, and may divert the efforts of our scientific and management personnel. 
 Intellectual property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 During the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, rulings on motions, and other interim proceedings in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived value of our products, programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock may decline. Such announcements could also harm our reputation or the market for our future products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 47 

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily protect us from all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 
 others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or may in the future exclusively license, which could result in the patent applications not issuing or being invalidated after issuing; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions, which could result in the patent applications not issuing or being invalidated after issuing; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; we may obtain patents for certain compounds many years before we obtain marketing approval for products containing such compounds, and because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may fail to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States (e.g., in March 2022, the Russian government adopted a decree allowing Russian local entities and individuals to use inventions, utility models and industrial designs held by owners from unfriendly states without the consent from the owner and liability for compensation), or we may fail to apply for or obtain adequate intellectual property protection in all the jurisdictions in which we operate; and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, for example, by preventing us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications. 

Any of the aforementioned threats to our competitive advantage could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Unfavorable outcomes in intellectual property litigation could limit our research and development activities and/or our ability to commercialize certain products. 
 If third parties successfully assert their intellectual property rights against us, we might be barred from using certain aspects of our technology or barred from developing and commercializing certain products. Prohibitions against using certain technologies, or prohibitions against commercializing certain products, could be imposed by a court or by a settlement agreement between us and a plaintiff. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in defending against allegations that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated patent or other intellectual property rights of others, we may be forced to pay substantial damage awards to the plaintiff. There is inevitable uncertainty in any litigation, including intellectual property litigation. There can be no assurance that we would prevail in any intellectual property litigation, even if the case against us is weak or flawed. If litigation leads to an outcome unfavorable to us, we may be required to obtain a license from the intellectual property owner to continue our research and development programs or to market any resulting product. It is possible that the necessary license will not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to modify or redesign our products to avoid infringing or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. This may not be technically or commercially feasible, may render our products less competitive, or may delay or prevent the entry of our products to the market. Any of the foregoing could limit our research and development activities, our ability to commercialize one or more product candidates, or both. 
 Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation longer than we could. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to conduct our 
 48 

clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology, or enter into strategic partnerships that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 In addition, any future intellectual property litigation, interference or other administrative proceedings will result in additional expense and distraction of our personnel. An adverse outcome in such litigation or proceedings may expose us or any future strategic partners to loss of our proprietary position, expose us to significant liabilities, or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information concerning our business strategy and product candidates to protect our competitive position in the field of each of our antiviral product candidates and our NASH compounds. In the course of our research and development activities and our business activities, we often rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary information. Such confidentiality agreements are used, for example, when we talk to vendors of laboratory or clinical development services or potential strategic partners. In addition, each of our employees is required to sign a confidentiality agreement and invention assignment agreement upon joining our company. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, and our confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements are carefully drafted to protect our proprietary interests. Nevertheless, there can be no guarantee that an employee or an outside party will not make an unauthorized disclosure of our proprietary confidential information. This might happen intentionally or inadvertently. It is possible that a competitor will make use of such information, and that our competitive position will be compromised, in spite of any legal action we might take against persons making such unauthorized disclosures. In addition, to the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, business partners or outside scientific collaborators might intentionally or inadvertently disclose our trade secret information to competitors or our trade secrets may otherwise be misappropriated. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States sometimes are less willing than United States courts to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 
 Our collaborators may have rights to publish data and other information to which we have rights. In addition, we sometimes engage individuals or entities to conduct research relevant to our business. The ability of these individuals or entities to publish or otherwise publicly disclose data and other information generated during the course of their research is subject to certain contractual limitations. These contractual provisions may be insufficient or inadequate to protect our confidential information. If we do not apply for patent protection prior to such publication, or if we cannot otherwise maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information may be jeopardized, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with many other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining, maintaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological complexity and legal complexity. Therefore, the process of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing biopharmaceutical patents is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, recent legislative and judicial developments in the United States and elsewhere have in some cases narrowed the protection afforded to patent owners, made patents more difficult to obtain, or increased the uncertainty regarding the ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patents. For example, Congress recently passed patent reform legislation, and may pass patent reform legislation in the future. The United States Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, and in certain circumstances has narrowed the scope of patent protection available or otherwise weakened the rights of patent owners. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions and actions by the United States Congress, the federal courts, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and their respective foreign counterparts, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to maintain and enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 49 

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates, and we will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any product candidates. For example, we may be sued if any of our product candidates, including any that are developed in combination therapies, is alleged to cause injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. There is also risk that third parties we have agreed to indemnify could incur liability. 
 Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our product candidates or any resulting products; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and 

a decline in our stock price. 

Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop. We currently carry product liability insurance covering our clinical studies. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of our collaborator, CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of development programs for our product candidates. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our collaborators, CROs, and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the proliferation of new technologies, the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors as well as remote working for many businesses. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security breaches. 
 While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our independent drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from ongoing or future clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase costs to recover or reproduce the data. Our information security systems are also subject to laws and regulations requiring that we take measures to protect the privacy and security of certain information we gather and use in our business. For example, HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose, among other requirements, certain regulatory and contractual requirements regarding the privacy and security of personal health information. In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, is even more restrictive with respect to all personal information, including information masked by a coding system. In addition to HIPAA and GDPR, numerous other federal and state laws, including, without limitation, state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information or personal health 
 50 

information, we could incur substantial liability, our reputation would be damaged, and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 Our relationships with customers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 
 the federal healthcare anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the federal transparency requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to physician payments and other transfers of value and physician ownership and investment interests; 

analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and 

analogous anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and healthcare laws and regulations states, as well as in foreign countries. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business, including our collaborators, are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile, and thus our stockholders could incur substantial losses. 
 51 

Our stock price has been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. From October 1, 2019 through September 30, 2024, the daily closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market has ranged from 8.18 to 97.37. The stock market in general and the market for biopharmaceutical companies, and for those developing potential therapies for viral infections in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your holdings of our common stock at or above your purchase price, if at all. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 results from or delays of clinical trials of our product candidates, as well as results of regulatory reviews relating to the approval of our product candidates; 

the results of our efforts to discover or develop additional product candidates; 

new products, product candidates or new uses for existing products or technologies introduced or announced by our competitors and the timing of these introductions or announcements; 

market expectations about and response to the levels of sales or scripts achieved by, or the announced prices or discounts for, AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen or competitive HCV drugs; 

failure of AbbVie s MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen to maintain its sales levels; 

our dependence on third parties, including our collaborators, CROs, manufacturers, clinical trial sponsors and clinical investigators; 

regulatory, political or legal developments in the United States or other countries; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key scientific or management personnel; 

our ability to commercialize our product candidates we develop independently, if approved; 

the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

period-to-period variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

sales of common stock by us or our stockholders in the future, as well as the overall trading volume of our common stock; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems or other actions that affect the effective reimbursement rates for treatment regimens containing our products or for competitive regimens; 

general economic, industry and market conditions and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; and 

the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. As of September 30, 2024 we had 21.2 million shares of common stock outstanding. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we had 5.2 million and 0.6 million shares of common stock that are subject to outstanding options and restricted stock unit awards, respectively, under our outstanding equity plans eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules, and Rule 144 under the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume would likely decline. 
 52 

The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. For example, when those analysts are unable to predict accurately the demand and net sales of AbbVie s HCV regimens, our reported revenues have often been lower than the so-called market consensus of our projected revenues, which has at times negatively affected our stock price. When one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price has declined. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. In addition, if too few securities or industry analysts cover our company, the trading price for our stock would likely be negatively impacted. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. 
 These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified or staggered board of directors such that not all members of the board are elected at one time; 

allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board; 

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors; 

require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent; 

limit who may call stockholder meetings; 

provide that the state courts or, in certain circumstances, the federal courts, in Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions involving us, our directors, officers, employees and stockholders; 

provide our board of directors with the authority to designate the terms of and issue a new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a poison pill that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and 

require the approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter or bylaws. 

Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Any provision in our corporate charter or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our employment agreements with our executive officers may require us to pay severance benefits to any of those persons who are terminated in connection with a change of control of us, which could harm our financial condition or results. 
 Our executive officers are parties to employment agreements that provide for aggregate cash payments of up to approximately 6.4 million for severance and other non-equity-based benefits in the event of a termination of employment in connection with a change of control of our company. The payment of these severance benefits could harm our company s financial condition and results. In addition, these potential severance payments may discourage or prevent third parties from seeking a business combination with us. 
 53 

Because we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, investors in our common stock may never receive a return on their investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations. 
 Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock. 
 Our ability to use future net operating loss carryforwards, research and development tax credit carryforwards, and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Our ability to utilize future net operating loss carryforwards NOLs generated as well as research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC or applicable state tax law. The Section 382 limitations apply if an ownership change occurs. Generally, an ownership change results from transactions that increase the ownership of 5 stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 in the aggregate over a three-year period. We have evaluated whether one or more ownership changes under Section 382 have occurred since our inception and have determined that there have been such changes through September 30, 2022. Although we believe that these ownership changes have not resulted in material limitations on our ability to utilize existing NOL carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards, our ability to utilize future NOLs and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be limited due to future ownership changes or for other reasons. As a result, we may not be able to take full advantage of NOL carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, and any decision on our part to comply only with reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to such companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 As of March 31, 2024, we qualified as a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 
 We will remain a smaller reporting company so long as, as of March 31 of the preceding year, (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or our public float, is less than 250.0 million; or (ii) we have annual revenues less than 100.0 million and either we have no public float or our public float is less than 700.0 million. 
 If we take advantage of some or all of the reduced disclosure requirements available to smaller reporting companies, investors may find our common stock less attractive, which may result in a less active trading market for our common stock and greater stock price volatility. For so long as we are a smaller reporting company and are not classified as an accelerated filer or large accelerated filer pursuant to SEC rules, we will be exempt from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials or our or third parties disposal of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 We may incur substantial costs to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 We maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials. This insurance may not provide adequate coverage against 
 54 

potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from specified business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include general liability, employment practices liability, property, auto, workers compensation, cybersecurity, products liability and directors and officers insurance. We do not know, however, if we have adequate levels of coverage for any liability we may incur, or whether we will always be able to continue to maintain such insurance. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to make substantial payments, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Furthermore, any increase in the volatility of our stock price, or changes in the insurance market generally, may result in us being required to pay substantially higher premiums for our directors and officers liability insurance than those to which we were previously subject and may even cause one or more of our underwriters to be unwilling to insure us. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement newly required or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our information technology systems, or those used by our CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer other breakdowns, cyber-attacks, or information security breaches, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data to operate our business. We also rely on third party vendors and their information technology systems. Despite the implementation of security measures, our recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms, and other security measures and those of our current or future CROs or other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to system failure, interruption, compromise, or damage from data corruption, breakdown, computer hacking, malicious code (such as computer viruses or worms), fraudulent activity, employee misconduct, theft, or error, denial-of-service attacks, telecommunication, and electrical failures, natural disasters, public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, cyber-attacks by sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors, or other system attacks, disruption, or accidents. We receive, generate and store significant and increasing volumes of personal health data and other confidential and proprietary information. There can be no assurance that we, or our collaborators, CROs, third-party vendors, contractors and consultants, will be successful in efforts to detect, prevent, protect against or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks or breaches. 
 The costs to respond to a security breach and/or to mitigate any security vulnerabilities that may be identified could be significant, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, negative publicity, and other harm to our business and our competitive position. Remediation of any potential security breach may involve significant time, resources, and expenses. Despite our best efforts, our network security and data recovery measures and those of our vendors may still not be adequate to protect against such security breaches and disruptions, which could cause harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any cybersecurity incident could adversely affect our business, by leading to, for example, the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property, demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail or the unauthorized disclosure of personal, confidential or proprietary information of our employees, clinical trial participants, customers and others. We could be subject to regulatory actions taken by governmental authorities, litigation under laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information, or other forms of legal proceedings, which could result in significant investigations, liabilities or penalties. 
 We may not have adequate insurance coverage for security incidents or breaches. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies 
 55 

(including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 Use of social media could give rise to liability or reputational harm. 
 We and our employees use social media to communicate externally. There is risk that the use of social media by us or our employees to communicate about our product candidates or business may give rise to liability, lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property or result in public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. Furthermore, negative posts or comments about us or our product candidates in social media could seriously damage our reputation, brand image, and goodwill. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition and could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 We maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally insured limits. 
 The majority of our cash is held in accounts at U.S. banking institutions. Cash held in depository accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC standard deposit insurance limit of 250,000. If such banking institutions were to fail, such as Silicon Valley Bank when the FDIC took control in March 2023, we could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insured amounts. In the future, access to our cash in amounts adequate to finance our operations could be significantly impaired if the financial institutions with which we have arrangements encounter liquidity constraints or failures. Any future limitation on timely access to our funds or any material loss that we may experience in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and could materially impact our ability to pay our operating expenses or make other payments. 
 ITEM 1B.	UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY 
 We have continued to invest in an evolving state-of-the-art cybersecurity framework of tools, processes, training, and people designed to efficiently assess, identify, and remediate material risks that could affect business operations, financials, or public reputation. Our multi-layered approach to cybersecurity involves regular network monitoring, vulnerability scanning, advanced threat detection, and incident response capabilities against recognized cyber threats to our business and stakeholders, including ransomware, data breaches and insider threats. We regularly update our security measures, as necessary, to ensure we address all new threats and technologies, using the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST Framework as a guide, when appropriate and relevant to our business. 
 As further protections, we utilize encryption, access control mechanisms and secure cloud infrastructures, and we invest in extensive user training. All users regularly undergo updated cybersecurity awareness training in an ongoing effort to reduce the risk of human error contributing to any potential security incidents. All users are also subject to simulated phishing emails with real time feedback for a more continuous layer of training. 
 We have retained a seasoned virtual Information Security Officer vISO to assist and guide our IT organization in maintaining and evolving a comprehensive and robust cyber security environment. Monthly meetings review all facets of our current status against appropriate NIST standards, review any incidents, and review the results of ongoing simulated phishing exercises to identify certain users who may need extended training. In addition, as part of our annual security review, we hire a third-party network penetration testing firm to provide simulated probing and subsequent reporting. We use the results of these annual tests to improve the strength and flexibility of our network s security. 
 Our Incident Response Plan IRP has evolved with our cyber environment and consists of a set of state-of-the-art-tools capable of monitoring, reporting and alerting, as well as regular reviews. The IRP also sets forth guidelines on how to triage, assess the severity and materiality of findings, and remediate and escalate findings to upper management in a timely manner, as necessary. In addition, as part of our overall risk mitigation strategy, we also maintain cyber insurance coverage. However, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover us against all possible claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. Our current environment contains no known risks from cybersecurity threats that could materially impact our business operations, financials, or public reputation. 
 56 

Cybersecurity Governance and Oversight 
 The Board of Directors has assigned the Audit Committee to be responsible for reviewing our cybersecurity risk management and strategy program and is presented, at least annually, with a review of our environment and reported incidents. Part of our IRP also calls for the elevation of any necessary incidents to upper management in a timely manner whenever they occur. 
 We have also formed a steering committee, composed of IT staff and relevant business leaders responsible for the Company s material information, including commercially sensitive data. The goals of this steering committee include overseeing our annual material risk assessment and documenting and reporting to senior management. The steering committee also reviews changes to procedural and other controls. We have also formed a risk register subcommittee to review and formally discuss any critical risks identified during our vISO annual assessment of our cyber environment. 
 ITEM 2.	PR OPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Watertown, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 73,000 square feet of office and laboratory space under the 4 Kingsbury Avenue Agreement. We also lease approximately 38,000 square feet of additional office space located at 400 Talcott Avenue in Watertown, Massachusetts. Both property leases expire in September 2034. 
 ITEM 3.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information with respect to legal proceedings is included in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 4.	MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

PART II 
 ITEM 5.	MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market and Stockholder Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ENTA since March 21, 2013 and we had 17 stockholders of record as of November 12, 2024. The following table shows the high and low sales price for our common stock as reported by The NASDAQ Global Select Market for the quarterly periods in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Fiscal 2024 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

11.07 

8.08 

Second Quarter 

17.76 

9.24 

Third Quarter 

17.80 

11.28 

Fourth Quarter 

17.24 

9.90 

Fiscal 2023 

High 

Low 

First Quarter 

54.20 

39.60 

Second Quarter 

62.06 

38.16 

Third Quarter 

41.45 

19.91 

Fourth Quarter 

22.15 

11.03 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 58 

Performance Graph (1) 
 The following graph shows a comparison from September 30, 2019 through September 30, 2024 of cumulative total return on assumed investments of 100.00 in cash in each of our common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEARS CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, 
 and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index 

(1) This performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ITEM 6.	[R ESERVED] 
 
 59 

ITEM 7.	MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, and projections. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company that uses our robust, chemistry-driven approach and drug discovery capabilities to discover and develop small molecule drugs with an emphasis on virology and immunology. 
 Virology 
 We discovered glecaprevir, the second of two antiviral protease inhibitors discovered and developed through our collaboration with AbbVie for the treatment of chronic infection with hepatitis C virus, or HCV. Glecaprevir is co-formulated as part of AbbVie s leading brand of direct-acting antiviral, or DAA, combination treatment for HCV, which has been marketed under the tradenames MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.) (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir) since 2017. 
 Our active development programs in virology are focused on respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, the most common cause of bronchiolitis and pneumonia and leading cause of U.S. hospitalization in young children and a significant cause of respiratory illness in older adults, with estimates suggesting that on average each year RSV leads to three million hospitalizations globally in children under 5 years old and 177,000 hospitalizations in the U.S. in adults over the age of 65. 
 We also have development programs in virology for the following disease targets: 
 SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, with estimates suggesting that COVID-19 continues to have a disease burden greater than influenza, including persistent cases of infection often referred to as long COVID and hospitalization and death among the elderly and those with comorbidities, while new variants continue to emerge on a regular basis; and 

Hepatitis B virus, or HBV, the most prevalent chronic hepatitis, which is estimated by the World Health Organization to affect close to 300 million individuals worldwide. 

Immunology 
 In immunology, we are designing and developing highly potent and selective, oral small molecule inhibitors for the treatment of inflammatory disease by targeting key mechanisms of immune response. Our initial focus has been on mechanisms involved in an overactive type 2 immune response, which is the reaction of the body's immune system when the body detects infections or allergens and sends out immune cells to fight them. An overactive response is a primary driver of a number of inflammatory diseases. 
 Our initial immunology targets involve the following mechanisms of immune response: 
 The receptor tyrosine kinase, known as KIT, which is critical for regulating mast cell activity; and 

STAT6, a transcription factor uniquely responsible for interleukin-4 (IL-4)/interleukin-13 (IL-13) cell signaling, the factors that play important roles in regulating the responses of lymphocytes, myeloid cells, and non-hematopoietic cells within the immune system. 

These mechanisms are implicated, along with others, in several diseases, and it is not uncommon for an efficacious treatment for one disease to be tested and approved for other immunology indications. We currently plan to focus our immunology drug development efforts on the following disease indications: 
 Chronic spontaneous urticaria, or CSU, a severely debilitating, chronic inflammatory skin disease manifested by hives, angioedema, which is swelling of soft tissues, or both, but with no identified triggers, which has an estimated global prevalence of between 0.5 1 of the population, resulting in approximately 1.75-3.5 million people with this condition at any given time in the U.S. alone; and 

Atopic dermatitis, or AD, a chronic dermatological disease characterized by dry, red, inflamed, irritated and itchy skin with significant quality of life impacts such as leading a limited lifestyle, avoidance of social interactions and a reduced range of activities, with AD affecting 7.3 of the US adult population, of whom ~40 have moderate to severe disease. 

60 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 248.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, as well as the cash flows from our retained portion of future HCV royalties will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into fiscal 2027. 
 Our Wholly-Owned Programs 
 Our primary wholly-owned research and development programs are in virology and immunology. 
 RSV . In virology, we have two clinical stage product candidates for RSV zelicapavir (formerly EDP-938) and EDP-323. Both of these compounds are replication inhibitors that work by shutting down replication and the production of new virions, as opposed to the other mechanism in development of fusion inhibition that only blocks viral entry. Zelicapavir, which has Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, is a potent inhibitor of the RSV N-protein for both major subgroups of RSV, referred to as RSV-A and RSV-B. Zelicapavir is being studied in two Phase 2 studies, each in a different high risk patient population. EDP-323, which also has a Fast Track designation from the FDA is an inhibitor of the RSV L-protein for both major subgroups of RSV that has recently completed a Phase 2 challenge study. 
 Zelicapavir - N-protein Inhibitor Candidate: We have studied zelicapavir in two Phase 2 studies that were designed to be proof-of-concept and exploratory studies in otherwise healthy young adults (not at high-risk for serious outcomes with RSV) to understand the viral response in the context of RSV infection. With these studies, zelicapavir has demonstrated a favorable safety profile, consistent with that observed in over 500 subjects exposed to zelicapavir to date. We believe that zelicapavir has the greatest potential to show optimal efficacy in high-risk populations since these patients have reduced RSV immunity, which manifests in a higher and longer duration of viral load and greater disease severity, allowing a bigger window to realize the full potential of zelicapavir. Based on its growing safety profile, we are continuing to evaluate zelicapavir in high-risk populations, including pediatric patients and high-risk adults, all of which have significant unmet need: 

o Pediatric Study of Zelicapavir : RSVPEDs is a Phase 2 study of zelicapavir in 96 pediatric patients, aged >28 days to COVID-19 . We leveraged our expertise in developing protease inhibitors to discover compounds specifically designed to target the SARS-CoV-2 virus and potentially other coronaviruses. We selected EDP-235, an oral inhibitor of the coronavirus 3CL protease, also referred to as 3CLpro or the main coronavirus protease, or Mpro, for clinical development. In addition to nanomolar activity against all SARS-CoV-2 variants tested to date, EDP-235 has potent antiviral activity against other human coronaviruses, enabling the potential for a pan-coronavirus treatment, including possibly coronaviruses that may infect human populations in the future. Furthermore, EDP-235 has good tissue distribution, and is projected to have four times higher drug levels in lung tissue compared to plasma. 
 61 

SPRINT Study of EDP-235: In May 2023, we reported topline results from a Phase 2 clinical trial of EDP-235 in non-hospitalized, symptomatic patients with mild to moderate COVID-19 who were not at increased risk for developing severe disease, which was the only study population permitted by the FDA. EDP-235 met the primary endpoint of the trial and was generally safe and well-tolerated. 

o A dose-dependent improvement in total symptom score was observed with EDP-235 treatment compared to placebo, which achieved statistical significance (p We will continue to focus on potential collaborations to progress EDP-235, as we will not advance this candidate into Phase 3 studies on our own. 
 Immunology . We are designing and developing highly potent and selective, oral, small molecule inhibitors targeting the following mechanisms of immune response: 
 KIT Inhibitors . We have a preclinical stage program to develop oral KIT inhibitors to treat CSU and potentially other indications by depleting mast cells, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral KIT inhibitors, which are in preclinical development. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we selected our lead development candidate, EPS-1421. This candidate demonstrates potent nanomolar activity in both binding and cellular function assays and is highly selective for KIT versus other kinases. This inhibitor also demonstrates strong in vitro and in vivo ADME properties. We expect to conduct scale-up activities and IND-enabling studies for this program in 2025. 

STAT6 Inhibitors . We have a discovery stage program to develop oral STAT6 inhibitors for the treatment of type 2 immune driven diseases, initially focusing on AD and potentially other indications by blocking the IL-4/IL-13 signaling pathway, thereby addressing a primary driver of these diseases. We have discovered novel, potent and selective oral STAT6 inhibitors, which are being optimized in the discovery stage. Our prototype inhibitors demonstrate potent activity and high selectivity for STAT6 over other STATs in both biochemical and cellular assays. Our prototype inhibitors also demonstrate systemic in vivo target engagement after ex vivo IL-4 stimulation. We are continuing to evaluate multiple compounds in preclinical studies. We expect to conduct lead optimization activities in this program in 2025. 

We have utilized our internal chemistry and drug discovery capabilities to generate all of our development-stage programs. We continue to invest substantial resources in research programs to discover compounds targeting new disease areas. 
 
 62 

The following table summarizes our product development pipeline in our virology and immunology programs: 

Fixed-dose antiviral combination contains glecaprevir and AbbVie's NS5A inhibitor, pibrentasvir. Marketed by AbbVie as MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.). 
 Continued development dependent on partnering. 
 Initial indications. Potential future indications include asthma, chronic inducible urticaria (CIndU), eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), prurigo nodularis (PN) and others. 
 
 Our Royalty Revenue Collaboration and Royalty Sale Agreement 
 Our royalty revenue is generated through our Collaborative Development and License Agreement with AbbVie, under which we have discovered and out-licensed to AbbVie two protease inhibitor compounds that have been clinically tested, manufactured, and commercialized by AbbVie as part of its combination regimens for HCV. 
 Glecaprevir is the HCV protease inhibitor we discovered that was developed by AbbVie in a fixed-dose combination with its NS5A inhibitor, pibrentasvir, for the treatment of chronic HCV. This patented combination, currently marketed under the brand names MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.), is referred to in this report as MAVYRET/MAVIRET. The first protease inhibitor developed through this collaboration, paritaprevir, is part of AbbVie s initial HCV regimens, which have been almost entirely replaced by MAVYRET/MAVIRET. Since August 2017, substantially all of our royalty revenue has been derived from AbbVie s net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET. Our ongoing royalty revenues from this regimen consist of annually tiered, double-digit, per-product royalties on 50 of the calendar year net sales of the 2-DAA glecaprevir/pibrentasvir combination in MAVYRET/MAVIRET. The annual royalty tiers return to the lowest tier for sales on and after each January 1. 
 In April 2023, we entered into a royalty sale agreement with an affiliate of OMERS, a Canadian public employee pension fund, pursuant to which we were paid a 200.0 million cash purchase price in exchange for 54.5 of our future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, after June 30, 2023, through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments to OMERS equal to 1.42 times the purchase price. 
 For accounting purposes, we continue to record 100 of HCV royalties earned under the AbbVie agreement as royalty revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. The 200.0 million received in April 2023 was recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as a liability, which will be reduced by the payments made to OMERS over the term of the Agreement. We recognize imputed interest expense over the life of the royalty sale agreement based on our estimated future MAVYRET/MAVIRET royalties. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 We are currently funding all research and development for our wholly-owned programs, which are targeted toward the discovery and development of novel compounds. As of the date of this report, we are conducting two Phase 2b studies of zelicapavir and have recently completed a Phase 2a human challenge study of EDP-323, both of which are in our virology program. We also are conducting preclinical discovery research efforts in immunology . 
 As a result of the timing of our clinical and preclinical development programs, we expect our research and development expenses will fluctuate from period to period. However, in the next 12 months, we expect our external research and development expenses generally to decrease since we will not conduct any further development of EDP-235 into Phase 3 studies and we made important adjustments to reduce our spending significantly in 2024. 
 63 

To date, we have funded our operations primarily through royalty payments received under our collaboration agreement with AbbVie, a 200.0 million payment received in April 2023 from our royalty sale agreement, and our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, as well as the cash flows from our retained portion of future HCV royalties, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into fiscal 2027. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from our collaboration agreement with AbbVie and AbbVie s sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, an 8-week treatment regimen for chronic HCV. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we also generated 1.0 million of license revenue from an upfront payment related to a license agreement for one of the antibacterial compounds we are no longer developing. 
 The following table is a summary of revenue recognized for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022: 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

Royalty revenue 

67,635 

78,204 

86,160 

License revenue 

1,000 

Total revenue 

67,635 

79,204 

86,160 

As disclosed above regarding our OMERS royalty sale agreement, we only retain 45.5 of the cash payments from royalties on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET occurring after June 30, 2023 through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments to OMERS equal to 1.42 times OMERS purchase price. 
 Internal Programs 
 As our internal product candidates are currently in Phase 1 or Phase 2 clinical development, we have not generated any revenue from our own product sales. We do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales derived from these product candidates for at least the next several years. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are comprised of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred to conduct basic research, such as the discovery and development of novel small molecules as therapeutics, as well as any external expenses of preclinical and clinical development activities. We expense all costs of research and development as incurred. These expenses consist primarily of: 
 third-party contract costs relating to research, formulation, manufacturing, preclinical study, and clinical trial activities; 

personnel costs, including salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in scientific research and development functions; 

allocated facility-related costs; 

laboratory consumables; and 

third-party license fees. 

At any given time, we have later stage programs in clinical development as well as several active early-stage research and drug discovery projects. Our internal resources, employees and infrastructure are utilized across multiple projects, including our early-stage discovery projects. As such, we report information regarding costs incurred based on our programs (i.e., disease area) rather than on a project specific basis. All indirect costs are allocated to programs based on headcount and square footage of our facilities. We expect that our research and development expenses will fluctuate from period to period as we advance our research and development programs. However, in the next 12 months, we expect our external research and development expenses generally to decrease since we will not conduct any further development of EDP-235 into Phase 3 studies and we made important adjustments to reduce our spending significantly in 2024. To date, we have not identified 
 64 

any significant impact of inflation on spending in research and development, but it is uncertain whether there will be inflationary impacts in future periods. 
 Our research and drug discovery and development programs are in early stages; therefore, the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and may not result in approved products. Completion dates and completion costs can vary significantly for each product candidate and are difficult to predict. Given the uncertainty associated with clinical trial enrollments and the risks inherent in the development process, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of the current or future clinical trials of our product candidates or if, or to what extent, we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. We anticipate that we will make determinations as to which development programs to pursue and how much funding to direct to each program on an ongoing basis in response to the preclinical and clinical success and prospects of each product candidate, as well as ongoing assessments of the commercial potential of each product candidate. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, which include salaries, related benefits and stock-based compensation, of our executive, finance, business and corporate development and other administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include allocated facility-related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, directors and officers liability insurance premiums, professional fees for auditing, tax, and legal services, patent expenses and litigation expenses associated with prosecuting our patent infringement suit. 
 We expect that general and administrative expenses may increase in the long term. To date we have not experienced a significant impact of inflation on general and administrative expenses, but we anticipate inflation may impact future periods. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) consists of interest expense, interest and investment income, net and the change in fair value of our outstanding Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock. Interest expense consists of the interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the royalty sale agreement with an affiliate of OMERS. Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities balances. Investment income consists of the amortization or accretion of any purchased premium or discount, respectively, on our marketable securities. The change in fair value of our Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock relates to the remeasurement of these financial instruments from period to period as these instruments may require a transfer of assets because of the liquidation preference features of the underlying instrument. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Income tax benefit (expense) is based on our best estimate of taxable net income (loss), applicable income tax rates, net research and development tax credits and carryforwards, net operating loss carrybacks and interest earned on such refunds, changes in valuation allowance estimates and deferred income taxes. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We believe that the estimates and assumptions involved in the accounting policies described below may have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements and, therefore, consider these to be our critical accounting policies. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. See also Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about these critical accounting policies as well as a description of our other significant accounting policies. 
 65 

Research and Development and Pharmaceutical Drug Manufacturing Accruals 
 We have entered into various contracts with third parties to perform research and development and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing. These include contracts with contract research organizations, or CROs, clinical manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, testing laboratories, research hospitals and not-for-profit organizations and other entities to support our research and development activities. We expense the cost of each contract as the work is performed. When billing terms under these contracts do not coincide with the timing of when the work is performed, we are required to make estimates of our outstanding obligations to those third parties as of period-end. Our accrual estimates are based on a number of factors, including our knowledge of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities and associated timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions in the contract. Significant judgments and estimates are made in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting period. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 Liability Related to the Sale of Future Royalties 
 We accounted for the 200.0 million payment from OMERS as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets because (1) under the royalty sale agreement, OMERS will receive a portion of our royalty payments up to a capped amount of 1.42 times the original payment to us, and (2) we have significant continuing involvement in the generation of cash flows under the AbbVie Agreement. Interest expense for the liability related to the sale of future royalties will be recognized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the royalty sale agreement. 
 The liability related to the sale of future royalties and the related interest expense are based on our current estimates of future royalties, which we determine by using third-party forecasts of MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales. Third-party forecasts are updated periodically based on the latest pricing, market share, and patient data. Changes in the amount or timing of estimated royalties will affect the interest rate utilized in calculating the liability related to the sale of future royalties. 
 Results of Operations 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

67,635 

79,204 

86,160 

Research and development 

131,476 

163,524 

164,522 

General and administrative 

57,850 

52,887 

45,482 

Interest expense 

(10,940) 

(5,148) 

Interest and investment income, net 

14,770 

11,360 

1,573 

Change in fair value of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

73 

83 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

1,743 

(2,821) 

433 

Net loss 

(116,045) 

(133,816) 

(121,755) 

Comparison of the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 We recognized revenue of 67.6 million and 79.2 million during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in revenue year-over-year was primarily due to AbbVie s lower reported HCV sales as compared to the comparable period in 2023. 
 Our royalty revenues eligible to be earned in the future will depend on AbbVie s HCV market share, the pricing of the MAVYRET/MAVIRET regimen and the number of patients treated. In addition, at the beginning of each calendar year (the second quarter of our fiscal year), our royalty rate resets to the lowest tier for each of our royalty-bearing products licensed to AbbVie. 
 Beginning with the quarter ended September 30, 2023, 54.5 of our quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET that are included in our total revenue are paid to OMERS through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments equal to 1.42 times the purchase price. The 200.0 million received in April 2023 was recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as a liability which will be reduced by the payments made to OMERS over the term of the royalty sale agreement. We will continue to record 100 of HCV royalties earned under the AbbVie Agreement as royalty revenue in our consolidated statements of operations since the AbbVie Agreement has not been amended and is independent of our agreement with OMERS. 
 66 

Research and development expenses 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

(in thousands) 

R D programs: 

Virology 

RSV 

86,367 

78,120 

COVID-19 

4,625 

66,082 

HBV 

371 

6,974 

Total Virology 

91,363 

151,176 

Immunology 

KIT 

19,822 

STAT6 

4,691 

Total Immunology 

24,513 

Other Programs 

NASH 

605 

4,095 

Early discovery 

14,995 

8,253 

Total Other Programs 

15,600 

12,348 

Total research and development expenses 

131,476 

163,524 

Research and development expenses for the year ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 32.0 million compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Virology 
 The costs in our virology program decreased by 59.8 million primarily due to a decrease in costs associated with our COVID-19 program as we stopped further internal development and will only progress the program in the context of a collaboration. The decrease was offset by an increase in costs for our RSV clinical programs as we had two ongoing Phase 2b studies of zelicapavir and initiated and completed a challenge study for EDP-323 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Costs associated with HBV decreased as we continued to wind down this program pending our identification of a potential partnering compound for EDP-514. 
 Immunology 
 The costs in our immunology programs increased by 24.5 million as this is a new therapeutic area of focus for the company. 
 Other Programs 
 Other program costs increased by 3.3 million as we focused on early-stage drug discovery programs, offset by a decrease in costs for our NASH program as we continued to wind down this program. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 5.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, due to an increase in legal expenses related to our patent infringement suit against Pfizer. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Changes in components of other income (expense) were as follows: 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased by 5.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, due to the timing of the royalty sale agreement entered into during April 2023 with an affiliate of OMERS. 
 Interest and investment income, net 
 Interest and investment income, net, increased by 3.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was due to an increase in average invested cash due to receipt of 200.0 million from OMERS in April 2023 as well as changes in interest rates year over year. 
 67 

Income tax benefit (expense) 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024 we recorded an income tax benefit of 1.7 million representing interest recorded on a pending federal tax refund. The income tax expense during the year ended September 30, 2023 was driven by the receipt of 200.0 million from the royalty sale agreement, which was taxable for federal and state purposes and partially offset by utilization of federal net operating losses and research and development tax credit carryforwards as well as a deduction for foreign derived intangible income. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2022, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Comparison of the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We fund our operations with cash flows from our retained portion of our royalty revenue and our existing financial resources. At September 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities of 248.2 million. 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows: 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

(in thousands) 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(78,764) 

(103,154) 

(84,782) 

Investing activities 

58,235 

(53,578) 

54,897 

Financing activities 

(27,626) 

198,126 

20,033 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(48,155) 

41,394 

(9,852) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was 78.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash used in operating activities of 103.2 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by lower research and development payments, offset by lower cash receipts associated with our AbbVie agreement as we now only retain 45.5 of cash royalties following the royalty sale agreement with OMERS. 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 58.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash used in investing activities of 53.6 million for the same period in 2023. Our cash provided by investing activities increased 111.8 million, driven by timing of purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities in 2024 compared to 2023. This increase was partially offset by increased capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 for the buildout of our new office and laboratory space at 4 Kingsbury Avenue. 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 27.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash provided by financing activities of 198.1 million for the same period in 2023. Our cash used in financing activities decreased 225.8 million, driven primarily by the timing of receipt of 200.0 million from OMERS for our royalty sale agreement executed in April 2023. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 For a discussion of our cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2023, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 68 

Funding Requirements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 248.2 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, as well as the cash flows from our retained portion of future HCV royalties will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into fiscal 2027. However, our projection of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. 
 Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors, including: 
 the number and characteristics of our research and development programs; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our product candidates on our own, including conducting advanced clinical trials; 

our ability to establish new collaborations, licensing or other arrangements, if any, and the financial terms of such arrangements; 

the amount of our retained portion of royalties generated from MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales under our existing collaboration with AbbVie; 

delays and additional expenses in our clinical trials; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates for clinical development and any products we successfully commercialize independently; 

opportunities to in-license or otherwise acquire new technologies and therapeutic candidates; 

costs associated with prosecuting our patent infringement suit regarding use of a coronavirus 3CL protease inhibitor in Paxlovid, Pfizer's antiviral treatment for COVID-19; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any product candidates we develop independently; 

the cost of commercialization activities, if any, of any product candidates we develop independently that are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 

the timing and amount of any sales of our product candidates, if any, or royalties thereon; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents, including any litigation costs and the outcomes of any such litigation; and 

potential fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities. We do not have any interest in entities referred to as variable interest entities, which include special purpose entities and other structured finance entities. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is set forth in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Facility Leases 
 As of the date of this report, we lease space in Watertown, Massachusetts, under three separate lease agreements with one landlord. 
 In May 2022, we entered into a ten-year lease for new laboratory and office space in Watertown, Massachusetts, adjacent to our 400 Talcott Avenue premises at Arsenal on the Charles at 4 Kingsbury Avenue since our lease for office and laboratory space at 500 Arsenal Street was to expire on September 1, 2027. The construction of the facility shell was completed and we gained access to the building to construct tenant improvements during the three months ended March 31, 2024. Upon gaining access to the 4 Kingsbury Avenue building, we capitalized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately 32 million on our consolidated balance sheets which reflects our fixed base rent payments, net of approximately 15 
 69 

million of a tenant improvement allowance provided by the landlord, over the 10-year term of the lease. The 4 Kingsbury Avenue lease ends September 30, 2034. 
 In conjunction with the commencement of our lease at 4 Kingsbury Avenue during the three months ended March 31, 2024, we adjusted our 500 Arsenal Street lease liability to shorten the expiration date from September 2027 to the date the 4 Kingsbury Avenue building became ready for our occupancy. This resulted in a decrease in the lease liability and right-of-use asset on our consolidated balance sheets by approximately 9.0 million. The rent commencement date for our 4 Kingsbury Avenue lease was September 12, 2024, and we moved into the space in November 2024 at which time our lease at 500 Arsenal Street expired. 
 The second lease for office space located at 400 Talcott Avenue commenced on September 24, 2018 for a term of six years. In May 2022, we amended this lease to expand the rented space and extend the lease term through June 1, 2034. We spent approximately 6.3 million in capital expenditures for the additional space, which primarily relate to tenant improvements. We received a tenant improvement allowance from the landlord of 2.5 million. In July 2024, we amended our lease agreement to confirm alignment with the lease end date of our 4 Kingsbury Avenue lease at September 30, 2034. 
 Total estimated minimum lease payments for the next 5 years and thereafter under our existing facility and leased equipment agreements are 8.7 million in 2025, 8.5 million in 2026, 8.7 million in 2027, 9.0 million in 2028, 9.3 million in 2029, and 50.6 million thereafter. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.9 million outstanding shares of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock, all of which we classified as a long-term liability on our consolidated balance sheet and recorded at fair value of 1.4 million. The fair value of the preferred stock was measured based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represented a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of these instruments represents less than 10 of liabilities as of September 30, 2024. The Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock issued would require the payment of 2.0 million in the event of a qualifying merger or sale of the company. 
 OMERS Agreement 
 In April 2023, we entered into a royalty sale agreement with an affiliate of OMERS, pursuant to which we were paid a 200.0 million cash purchase price in exchange for 54.5 of our future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET after June 30, 2023, through June 30, 2032, subject to a cap on aggregate payments equal to 1.42 times the purchase price. 
 The 200.0 million received in April 2023 was recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as a liability which will be reduced by the payments made to OMERS over the term of the Agreement. 
 ITEM 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities of 248.2 million and 369.9 million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which consisted of cash, money market funds, corporate bonds, commercial paper and treasury notes. Interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates; however, due to the nature of these investments, a change in market interest rates of 1 would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for either period. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 As we continue to progress our wholly-owned programs into clinical development, we will conduct clinical trials and clinical manufacturing outside of the U.S. and thus will face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the British Pound and Euro, against the U.S. Dollar, arising from our accounts payable and accrued expenses. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, the impact of foreign currency exposure was immaterial and thus did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our operations may become subject to more significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the future if we continue to contract with vendors outside of the U.S. 
 ITEM 8.	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our consolidated financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear on pages F-1 through F-25 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 70 

ITEM 9.	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOU NTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as the Company's are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the risk related to controls and procedures. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, as of September 30, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. These conclusions were communicated to the Audit Committee. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in its 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B.	OTHER INFORMATION 
 . 
 ITEM 9C.	DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 71 

PART III 
 ITEM 10.	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Portions of the response to this item are incorporated herein by reference to the discussion responsive thereto in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, also referred to as the 2025 Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the code of ethics) that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. The code of ethics is available on our website at http://www.enanta.com. In addition, if we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to any of our executive officers or directors, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver as required by applicable law on our website or on a Form 8-K. 
 ITEM 11.	EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The response to this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto in the 2025 Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 ITEM 12.	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The response to this item is incorporated herein by reference in part from the discussion responsive thereto in the 2025 Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 The following table provides information about the securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2024: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 (in thousands, except per share information) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

5,796 
 
 (2) 
 
 41.69 

2,164 
 
 (3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Totals 

5,796 

2,164 

(1) Consists of the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company's 2024 Inducement Stock Plan, the Company s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

(2) Consists of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options issued under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company's 2024 Inducement Stock Plan and the Company s Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(3) Consists of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for future issuance under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company's 2024 Inducement Stock Plan and the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

72 

ITEM 13.	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The response to this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto in the 2025 Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 ITEM 14.	PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The response to this item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto in the 2025 Proxy Statement, which will be filed within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 73 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15.	EXHIBITS AND FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The financial statements are included under Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 2. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or are not required, or because the information is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 3. EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits are listed below under Part IV, Item 15(b) of this Report. 
 (b) EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 File Number 
 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 03/28/2013 
 
 3.1 
 
 001-35839 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (as amended and restated in August 2015). 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/18/2015 
 
 3.2 
 
 001-35839 

4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of common stock. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/05/2013 
 
 4.1 
 
 333-184779 

4.2 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of Series 1 Non-Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/11/2017 
 
 4.3 
 
 001-35839 

4.3 
 
 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10-K 
 
 11/27/2019 
 
 4.3 
 
 001-35839 

10.1# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/05/2013 
 
 10.7 
 
 333-184779 

10.2# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Jay R. Luly, Ph.D., dated as of March 4, 2013. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 03/05/2013 
 
 10.5 
 
 333-184779 

10.3# 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Employment Agreement for Executive Officers other than t he Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 03/05/2013 
 
 10.17 
 
 333-184779 

10.4 
 
 Collaborative Development and License Agreement between the Company and Abbott Laboratories, dated November 27, 2006; as amended by a First Amendment to Collaborative Development and License Agreement dated January 27, 2009 and a Second Amendment to Collaborative Development and License Agreement dated December 9, 2009 (assigned to AbbVie Inc. as of January 1, 2013). 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/05/2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-35839 

10.5 
 
 Third Amendment to Collaborative Development and License Agreement between the Company and AbbVie dated October 20, 2014. 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/05/2021 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-35839 

10.6 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Collaborative Development and License Agreement between the Company and AbbVie dated as of March 3, 2015. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/08/2015 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-35839 

74 

10.7 
 
 Royalty Purchase Agreement between Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and OCM Life Sciences Portfolio LP dated as of April 25, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/27/2023 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-35839 

10.8 
 
 Lease Agreement between Company and Athena Arsenal, LLC, dated as of September 24, 2018. 
 
 10-K 
 
 11/29/2018 
 
 10.10 
 
 001-35839 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement made as of May 12, 2022 by and between ARE-MA Region No. 75, LLC and the Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/17/2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-35839 

10.10 
 
 Lease Agreement made as of May 12, 2022 by and between ARE-MA Region No. 75, LLC and the Company . 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/17/2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 001-35839 

10.11# 
 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (As adjusted to reflect the application of the 1-for-4.31 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock effected on March 1, 2013). 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 01/06/2017 
 
 10.14 
 
 001-35839 

10.12# 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 03/05/2013 
 
 10.13 
 
 333-184779 

10.13# 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 03/05/2013 
 
 10.14 
 
 333-184779 

10.14# 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Certificate for directors under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 03/05/2013 
 
 10.15 
 
 333-184779 

10.15# 
 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Certificate under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/11/2017 
 
 10.18 
 
 001-35839 

10.16# 
 
 Form of Relative Total Stockholder Return Unit Certificate under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/11/2017 
 
 10.19 
 
 001-35839 

10.17# 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 02/05/2013 
 
 10.16 
 
 333-184779 

10.18# 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (As amended March 2024) 
 
 8-K 
 
 03/12/2024 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-35839 

10.19# 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Non-Statutory Stock Option under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/10/2019 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-35839 

10.20# 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Non-Statutory Stock Option for Directors under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/10/2019 
 
 10.3 
 
 001-35839 

10.21# 
 
 Form of Relative Total Stockholder Return Unit Certificate under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/10/2019 
 
 10.4 
 
 001-35839 

10.22# 
 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Certificate under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/10/2019 
 
 10.5 
 
 001-35839 

10.23# 
 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award under 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 11/25/2020 
 
 10.27 
 
 001-35839 

10.24# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of February 8, 2024 by and between the Company and Nathaniel S. Gardiner, effective April 1, 2024 
 
 10-Q 
 
 05/08/2024 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-35839 

10.25# 
 
 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 05/08/2024 
 
 99.2 
 
 333-279217 

10.26# 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Non-Statutory Stock Option under 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 

X 

10.27# 
 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award under 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 

X 

75 

10.28# 
 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Certificate under 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 

X 

10.29# 
 
 Form of Relative Total Stockholder Return Unit Certificate under 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 

X 

10.30 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2024, between ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC and the Company 

X 

10.31 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2024, between ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC and the Company 

X 

19.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Trading Policy 

X 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

97.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Compensation Clawback Policy 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema with embedded Linkbases document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable Taxonomy Extension information contained in Exhibit 101) 

#	Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or agreement. 
 	Confidential treatment granted as to portions of this Exhibit. The confidential portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and are marked by asterisks. 
 	This Exhibit has been filed separately with the commission pursuant to an application for confidentiality treatment. The confidential portions of this Exhibit have been omitted and are marked by asterisks. 
 ITEM 16.	FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 76 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 27th day of November, 2024. 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 

Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Paul J. Mellett Paul J. Mellett 
 
 Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Bruce L.A. Carter, Ph.D. Bruce L.A. Carter, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Mark G. Foletta Mark G. Foletta 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Yujiro S. Hata Yujiro S. Hata 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Kristine Peterson Kristine Peterson 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Lesley Russell, MB. Ch.B., MRCP Lesley Russell, MB. Ch.B., MRCP 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

/s/ Terry Vance Terry Vance 
 
 Director 
 
 November 27, 2024 

77 

ITEM 8.	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Research and Development and Pharmaceutical Drug Manufacturing Accruals 
 As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has entered into various contracts with third parties to perform research and development and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing. When billing terms under these contracts do not coincide with the timing of when the work is performed, management is required to make estimates of outstanding obligations to those third parties as of period end. Within accrued expenses and other current liabilities, total accrued research and development expenses and accrued pharmaceutical drug manufacturing amounted to 3.1 million and 0.9 million as of September 30, 2024, respectively. The accrual estimates are based on a number of factors, including management s knowledge of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities and associated timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions in the contract. Significant judgments and estimates are made in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting period. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to research and development and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing accruals is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in developing the accrual estimates, as the estimates are based on a number of factors, including management s knowledge of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities and associated timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions in the contracts, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures 
 F- 2 

and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to progress towards completion of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing estimates based upon the progress of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the method used by management to develop the estimates; (iii) reading research and development and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing contracts on a test basis; (iv) evaluating the completeness and accuracy of data used by management; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the progress towards completion. Evaluating management s assumptions related to progress towards completion of the research and development programs and pharmaceutical drug manufacturing activities included evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering the associated timelines, invoicing to date and the provisions in the contracts. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 November 27, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 F- 3 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term marketable securities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income tax receivable 

Short-term restricted cash 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease, right-of-use assets 

Long-term restricted cash 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Liability related to the sale of future royalties 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Liability related to the sale of future royalties, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock; par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Revenue 

Royalty revenue 

License revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Interest and investment income, net 

Change in fair value of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

Total other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Retained 

Additional 

Other 

Earnings 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Comprehensive 

(Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit) 

Equity 

Balances at September 30, 2021 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of withholding 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of withholding 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting of restricted stock units, net of withholding 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at September 30, 2024 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Non-cash interest expense associated with the sale of future royalties 

() 

Non-cash royalty revenue 

() 

Premium paid on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Amortization (accretion) of premiums (discounts) on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Change in fair value of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

() 

() 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income tax receivable 

() 

() 

Operating lease, right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities and sale of marketable securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments on royalty sale liability, net of imputed interest 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from the sale of future royalties 

Payments for debt issuance costs 

() 

Payments for settlement of share-based awards 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash received from tenant improvement allowances 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash information: 

Purchases of fixed assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 8 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 , is a biotechnology company that uses its robust, chemistry-driven approach and drug discovery capabilities to discover and develop small molecule drugs with an emphasis on virology and immunology. The Company discovered glecaprevir, the second of two antiviral protease inhibitors discovered and developed through its collaboration with AbbVie for the treatment of chronic infection with hepatitis C virus, or HCV. Glecaprevir is co-formulated as part of AbbVie s leading brand of direct-acting antiviral, or DAA, combination treatment for HCV, which has been marketed under the tradenames MAVYRET (U.S.) and MAVIRET (ex-U.S.) (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir) since 2017. The Company is subject to many of the risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry, including but not limited to, the uncertainties of research and development, competition from technological innovations of others, dependence on collaborative arrangements, protection of proprietary technology, dependence on key personnel and compliance with government regulation. Product candidates currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approvals, prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of capital, adequate personnel and infrastructure, and extensive compliance reporting capabilities. 

or less at acquisition date to be cash equivalents. and remaining maturities of less than from the balance sheet date are classified as short-term marketable securities. Marketable securities with remaining maturities of greater than from the balance sheet date are classified as long-term marketable securities. The Company classifies all of its marketable securities as available-for-sale. The Company continually evaluates the credit ratings of its investment portfolio and underlying securities. The Company invests in accordance with its investment policy and invests at the date of purchase in securities with a rating of A3/A- or higher according to Moody s or S P or A- by Fitch. The Company reports available-for-sale investments at fair value as of each balance sheet date and records any unrealized gains or losses as a component of stockholders equity. The cost of securities sold is determined on a specific identification basis and realized gains and losses are included in other income (expense) within the consolidated statements of operations. When the fair value is below the amortized cost of a marketable security, an estimate of expected credit losses is made. The credit-related impairment amount is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Credit losses are recognized through the use of an allowance for credit losses account in the consolidated balance sheet and subsequent improvements in expected credit losses are recognized as a reversal of an amount in the allowance account. If the Company has the intent to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, then the allowance for the credit loss is written-off and the excess of the amortized cost basis of the asset over its fair value is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. There were credit losses recorded during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 

 F- 9 

, to the benefit of the landlord of the Company s building leases. A total of is classified as short-term restricted cash and is classified as long-term restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 based on the lease term end date of the Company's facility lease agreements. As of September 30, 2023 , was classified as long-term restricted cash. 

years 

Leasehold improvements 

Purchased software 
 years 

Computer equipment 
 years 

Furniture 
 years 

F- 10 

t recorded any impairment losses on long-lived assets. cash purchase price in exchange for of the Company s future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET. The Company recognized the received from OMERS as a liability on its consolidated balance sheets because the 200,000 will be paid back to OMERS up to a 1.42 capped amount and the Company has significant continuing involvement under the AbbVie Agreement. Interest expense for the liability related to the sale of future royalties is recognized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the royalty sale agreement. The liability related to the sale of future royalties and related interest expense are based on current estimates of future royalties, which the Company determines by using third-party forecasts of MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales. The Company periodically assesses the forecasted sales and to the extent the amount or timing of future estimated royalty payments is materially different than previous estimates, the Company will account for any such change by adjusting the liability related to the sale of future royalties and prospectively recognizing the related non-cash interest expense. 

F- 11 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Income tax expense includes the effects of any resulting tax reserves, or unrecognized tax benefits, that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. 

F- 12 

Unvested rTSRUs 

Unvested PSUs 

Unvested restricted stock units 

F- 13 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. Treasury notes 

Liabilities: 

Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2023 Using: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

U.S. Treasury notes 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. Treasury notes 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

Liabilities: 

Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock 

Cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 consist of money market funds that are readily convertible to cash and with less than 90 days until maturity. Cash equivalents as of September 30, 2023 consist of money market funds and U.S. treasury notes that are readily convertible to cash and with less than 90 days until maturity. During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , there were transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3. The fair value of Level 2 instruments classified as marketable securities were determined through third-party pricing services. The pricing services use many observable market inputs to determine value, including reportable trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers, and current spot rates. The outstanding shares of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 are measured at fair value. These outstanding shares are financial instruments that might require a transfer of assets because of the liquidation features in the contract and are therefore recorded as liabilities and measured at fair value. The fair value of the outstanding shares is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represent a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company utilizes a probability-weighted valuation model, which takes into consideration various outcomes that may require the Company to transfer assets upon liquidation. Changes in the fair values of the Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock are recognized in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 F- 14 

- 
 
 - 

Discount rate 

Change in fair value 

() 

Balance, September 30, 2022 

Change in fair value 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Change in fair value 

() 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

In April 2023, the Company entered into a royalty sale agreement with an affiliate of OMERS, pursuant to which the Company was paid a cash purchase price in exchange for of future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, The Company accounted for the upfront payment as a liability related to the sale of future royalties. The carrying value of the liability related to the sale of future royalties approximates fair value as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and is based on current estimates of future royalties expected to be paid to OMERS over the next 10 years, which are considered Level 3 inputs. See Note 8 for a rollforward of the liability. 

September 30, 2023 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Credit Losses 

Fair Value 

(in thousands) 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Commercial paper 

U.S. Treasury notes 

() 

() 

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 marketable securities consisted of investments that mature within . 

 F- 15 

Leasehold improvements 

Purchased software 

Furniture 

Computer equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

As of September 30, 2024, construction in progress related primarily to leasehold improvements for the new laboratory and office space located at 4 Kingsbury Avenue in Watertown, Massachusetts. Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment, was , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively. 

Accrued research and development expenses 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued pharmaceutical drug manufacturing 

Accrued other 

through September 30, 2024. Since the Company satisfied all of its performance obligations under the AbbVie Agreement by the end of fiscal 2011, all milestone payments received since then have been recognized as revenue when the milestones were achieved by AbbVie. The Company is receiving annually tiered royalties per Company protease product ranging of each HCV regimen that is allocated to the protease inhibitor in the regimen. Beginning with each January 1, the cumulative net sales of a given royalty-bearing protease inhibitor product start at zero for purposes of calculating the tiered royalties on a product-by-product basis. 

from up to 

from up to 

from up to 

greater than or equal to 

F- 16 

after the first commercial sale of the product in the applicable country. Subject to certain exceptions, a party s rights and obligations under the agreement continue until (i) such time as AbbVie is no longer developing a product candidate or (ii) if, as of the time AbbVie is no longer developing any product candidates, AbbVie is commercializing any other protease inhibitor product, such time as all royalty terms for all covered products have ended. Accordingly, the final expiration date of the agreement is currently indeterminable. Either party may terminate the agreement for cause in the event of a material breach, subject to prior notice and the opportunity to cure, or in the event of the other party s bankruptcy. Additionally, AbbVie may terminate the agreement for any reason upon specified prior notice. If the Company terminates the agreement for cause or AbbVie terminates without cause, any licenses and other rights granted to AbbVie will terminate and AbbVie will be deemed to have granted the Company (i) a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under AbbVie s intellectual property used in any product candidate, and (ii) an exclusive (even as to AbbVie), perpetual, fully-paid, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under AbbVie s interest in any joint intellectual property rights to develop product candidates resulting from covered compounds and to commercialize any products derived from such compounds. Upon the Company s request, AbbVie will also transfer to the Company all right, title and interest in any related product trademarks, regulatory filings and clinical trials. 

cash purchase price in exchange for of future quarterly royalty payments on net sales of MAVYRET/MAVIRET, Because the royalty sale agreement will be paid back to OMERS up to a capped amount as well as the Company s significant continuing involvement in the generation of future cash flows under its AbbVie Agreement, the Company recorded the proceeds from the transaction as a liability on its consolidated balance sheets which will be amortized as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations under the effective interest rate method over the life of the royalty sale agreement. The Company will continue to record the full amount of royalties earned on MAVYRET/MAVIRET sales as royalty revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s liability related to the sale of future royalties is estimated based on forecasted worldwide MAVYRET/MAVYRET royalties to be paid to OMERS over the course of the royalty sale agreement. This estimate requires significant judgment, including the amount and timing of royalty payments up until the end of the royalty sale agreement, which is estimated to be the stated term of June 30, 2032. As royalties are earned by OMERS, the liability is reduced on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2024 , the estimated future cash flows resulted in an effective annual imputed interest rate of approximately . 

F- 17 

Proceeds from sale of future royalties 

Debt issuance cost 

() 

Royalty payable to royalty purchaser 

() 

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest of 

Balance - September 30, 2023 

Royalty payable to purchaser 

() 

Payments on royalty sale liability 

() 

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest of 

Balance - September 30, 2024 

shares of common stock at a par value of per share. . Common stockholders are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors, if any. 

 shares of preferred stock at a par value of per share, of which shares are designated as Series 1 Nonconvertible preferred stock and shares are undesignated and unissued. 
 shares of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock at a par value of per share. Holders of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock are not entitled to receive dividends. In the event of any liquidation, deemed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stockholders are entitled to receive in preference to all other stockholders, an amount equal to per share, adjusted for any stock dividends, stock splits or reclassifications. Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stockholders will not be entitled to vote unless required by the Company pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company may redeem the Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock with the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock at a redemption price of per share. The Company must redeem the stock within days of such election. Shares that are redeemed will be retired or canceled and not reissued by the Company. As these shares qualify as a derivative, they are classified as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 , shares of Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock were issued and outstanding. For the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , the remeasurement of the Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock resulted in non-cash gain of , and , respectively, which was recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. The total fair value of the Series 1 nonconvertible preferred stock was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

 shares remained available for future awards under the 2019 Plan and 2024 Inducement Plan. Options granted to employees under the 2019 Plan and the 2024 Inducement Plan generally vest over and to non-employee directors over , and expire after . As required under the equity plans, the exercise price for awards granted is not to 

 F- 18 

. Stock Option Valuation The fair value of each stock option award is determined on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The volatility has been determined using the Company s traded stock price to estimate expected volatility. The expected term of the Company s options has historically been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. The expected dividend yield is due to the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Weighted average grant date fair value 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 

Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

Proceeds to Company from stock options exercised 

Market and Performance-Based Stock Unit Awards The Company awards both performance share units PSUs and relative total stockholder return units rTSRUs to its executive officers. The PSUs vest and result in issuance, or settlement, of common shares for each recipient, based upon the recipient s continued employment with the Company through the settlement date of the award and the Company s achievement of specified research and development milestones. The requisite service period of the PSUs is generally two years. The fair value of PSUs is based on the fair value of the stock on the date of grant, which is determined to be the closing price of the Company's common stock. Stock-based compensation expense for PSUs is recorded in the statements of operations over the service period, commencing when it is probable that the specified research and development milestone is achieved. The rTSRUs vest and result in the issuance of common stock based upon the recipient s continuing employment with the Company through the settlement date of the award and the relative ranking of the total stockholder return, or TSR, of the Company s common stock in relation to the TSR of the component companies in the NASDAQ Biotech Index over two specified periods that are two years apart, based on a comparison of average closing stock prices in specified periods noted in the award agreement. The number of 

 F- 19 

to of the target number, depending on the award agreement and the year of the award. The Company used a Monte Carlo model to estimate the grant-date fair value of the rTSRUs. Stock-based compensation expense for rTSRUs is recorded in the statements of operations over the service period regardless of whether the market condition is achieved. Assumptions and estimates utilized in the calculation of the fair value of the rTSRUs include the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, expected volatility based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies and the remaining performance period of the award. 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Performance period (years) 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

() 

Unvested at September 30, 2024 

The total fair value of PSUs and rTSRUs vested during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 were , , and , respectively. Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Unvested at September 30, 2024 

The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023, and 2022 were , , and , respectively. 

 F- 20 

General and administrative 

Years Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

(in thousands) 

Stock options 

rTSRUs 

PSUs 

Restricted stock units 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

 real estate leases for properties located in Watertown, Massachusetts. The first lease, for office and laboratory space at 500 Arsenal Street, the second lease, is for office space located at 400 Talcott Avenue and the third lease for office and laboratory space is located at 4 Kingsbury Avenue. Lease payments for the Company's real estate leases include fixed lease payments that escalate over the terms of the leases and require the Company to pay certain operating expenses based on actual costs incurred. Operating expenses that are not fixed in nature are expensed in the period incurred and included in variable lease costs. The leases do not include any restrictions or covenants that had to be accounted for under the lease guidance. In May 2022, the Company entered into its lease agreement for 4 Kingsbury Avenue with its existing landlord, adjacent to its 400 Talcott Avenue premises. Construction of the facility shell was completed by the landlord and the Company gained access to the building to construct tenant improvements during the three months ended March 31, 2024. The estimated minimum lease payments for the 4 Kingsbury Avenue facility total over the term. The lease also contains a tenant improvement allowance of . The Company recorded a right-of-use asset of and lease liability of upon commencement of the lease during the year ended September 30, 2024. The Company moved its lab operations from 500 Arsenal Street into the newly constructed 4 Kingsbury Avenue facility in November 2024. In conjunction with the new lease agreement at 4 Kingsbury Avenue, the Company amended its 500 Arsenal Street lease to shorten the term of the lease from September 2027 to November 2024. The Company remeasured the lease term and remaining lease payments for the 500 Arsenal Street facility during the year ended September 30, 2024 when the Company gained access to the 4 Kingsbury Avenue facility. The Company recorded an adjustment to the right-of-use asset and lease liability for 500 Arsenal Street of during the year ended September 30, 2024. , however these options were not included in the right-of-use assets and lease liability as they were not reasonably certain of being exercised. The equipment leases require the Company to pay for certain consumable and peripheral equipment supplies based on actual costs incurred. As these costs are not fixed in nature, they are expensed in the period incurred and included in variable lease costs. 

Variable lease cost 

F- 21 

Tenant improvement allowance received 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company utilized its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the lease commencement date, which represents an internally developed rate that would be incurred to borrow, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Less: tenant improvement allowance 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The Company is required to maintain security deposits of in connection with the real estate lease of 400 Talcott Avenue, which is included in other long-term assets on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. In addition, the Company is required to maintain letters of credit for certain of its leases, collateralized by money market accounts of , which amounts are classified as short-term and long-term restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 22 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Deferred income tax (expense) benefit: 

Federal 

() 

State 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Federal research and development tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

() 

State research and development tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign derived intangible income 

() 

Interest on net operating loss carryback claim 

() 

() 

Change in deferred tax rate 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

() 

() 

The effective tax rates during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 differ from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the full valuation allowance maintained on the Company s net deferred tax assets. 

F- 23 

() 

() 

Increase recorded to valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance, end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Liability related to the sale of future royalties 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Share-based compensation 

Operating lease liability 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Unrealized loss 

Other temporary differences 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease, right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 

As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of which do not expire and state net operating loss carryforwards of , which may be available to offset future taxable income and expire at various dates beginning in . As of September 30, 2024 , the Company also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of and , respectively, which may be available to reduce future tax liabilities and expire at various dates beginning in and , respe ctively. Utilization of the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC of 1986, and corresponding provisions of state law, due to ownership changes that may have occurred pre viously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future tax liabilities. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions that increase the ownership of stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than in the aggregate over a three-year period. The Company completed a review of the changes in ownership through September 30, 2022 and determined that the transactions have not resulted in an ownership change during the year ended September 30, 2022, as defined by Section 382. The impact of the historical ownership changes have been reflected within our deferred tax assets shown in the table above. Although the Company believes that these ownership changes have not resulted in material limitations on its ability to use these net operating losses and credit carryforwards , its ability to utilize these and future net operating losses and credit carryforwards may be limited due to future ownership changes or for other reasons. As a result, the Company may not be able to take full advantage of its carryforwards for U.S. federal and state tax purposes. 

 F- 24 

to the present. Earlier years may be examined to the extent that tax credit or net operating loss carryforwards are used in future periods. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company received notice of examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for the years ending September 30, 2018 and September 30, 2019. The Company received and agreed to a notice of proposed adjustment from the IRS in October 2024, resulting in an additional refund of related to the year ended September 30, 2019. The Company has not received notice of examination by any other jurisdictions for any other tax year open under statute. Beginning in October 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act eliminated the Company s option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to amortize them over five years for domestic research expenditures and over fifteen years for foreign research expenditures, pursuant to IRC 174. The most significant impact of this provision is an increase to the current taxable income for the year ended September 30, 2023, the tax year in which the provision took effect for the Company. income tax benefit related to a federal net operating loss carryback at the previously enacted rate in the Company s consolidated financial statements during the year ended September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company had an income tax receivable of and , respectively, which includes interest receivable of as of September 30, 2024. Uncertain tax positions represent tax positions for which reserves have been established. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. Total interest related to uncertain tax positions recorded as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets were and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

Additions based on tax positions for the current period 

Reductions for tax positions due to lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Additions (reductions) for tax positions of prior periods 

() 

Ending Balance 

The Company does not expect that its uncertain tax position will materially change within the next twelve months. 

, , and , respectively, of expense related to its contributions to this plan. 

F- 25 

<EX-10.26>
 2
 enta-ex10_26.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10.26 

Exhibit 10.26 
 Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION GRANT N OTICE AND A GREEMENT 
 2024 INDUCEMENT STOCK I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 
 This Nonstatutory Stock Option Certificate confirms that Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, has granted to the person named below Participant a Nonstatutory Stock Option (this Option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock set forth below pursuant to the Company s 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to adjustment as provided below and subject to the definitions and terms and conditions set forth or otherwise referenced below. 
 
 Participant: 
 Address: 
 City, State, Zip Code: 
 Award Number: 
 Date of Grant: 
 Number of Options: 
 
 Vesting Schedule : 	Such options will be exercisable (subject to the Optionholder s continued employment with the Company) according to the following vesting schedule: 25 of the shares (rounded down to the nearest whole number of share) on the first anniversary of the Commencement Date and the remainder of the shares will vest in 12 equal quarterly installments (any fractional shares to be cumulated and to become exercisable at the end of the earliest succeeding quarterly period in which a whole share equivalent is accumulated) on the quarterly anniversary of the first anniversary of the Commencement Date. 

By acceptance of this Option, which Participant must confirm on the Company s electronic stock plan system, Participant agrees to all the terms and conditions hereof, including, without limitation, those set forth in the Plan and in the accompanying Terms and Conditions of NQ Option . 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC . 

Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Terms and Conditions of Nonstatutory Stock Options 
 
 1. The Plan . In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. The Committee administers the Plan and its determinations regarding the operation of the Plan are final. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Award. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. Copies of the Plan may be obtained upon written request without charge from the Secretary of the Company. 
 
 2. Option Price . The price to be paid for each share of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the whole or any part of this Option is the Option Price set forth in the accompanying Notice of Grant of Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 3. Exercisability Schedule . This Option may be exercised at any time and from time to time for the number of shares and in accordance with its exercisability, or vesting, schedule, which is described in the accompanying Notice of Grant of Nonstatutory Stock Option, but only for the purchase of whole shares. This Option may not be exercised as to any shares after the Expiration Date. 
 4. Method of Exercise . To exercise this Option, the Optionholder shall send an instruction to exercise all or a portion of this Option via the Company s electronic stock plan system, specifying the number of shares with respect to which this Option is being exercised, accompanied by payment of the Option Price for such shares in cash, by electronic transfer, by certified check or in such other form, if any, as the Committee may approve, including shares of Common Stock of the Company valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery. Promptly following such notice, the Company will instruct the Company s Transfer Agent to release to the Optionholder s account the number of shares with respect to which this Option is being exercised, net of any shares sold by the Optionholder if the Optionholder has selected a so-called cashless exercise . The released shares will then be available to the Optionholder for trading at the Optionholder s discretion, subject to the Optionholder s obligations to pay the Company amounts for the withholding of taxes (see Section 10 below). 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder or Employee . The Optionholder shall not have any rights in respect of shares as to which this Option has not been exercised and payment has not been made as provided above. The Optionholder shall not have any rights to continued employment by the Company or its Affiliates by virtue of the grant of this Option. 
 6. Recapitalization, Mergers, Etc . As provided in the Plan, in the event of corporate transactions affecting the Company s outstanding Common Stock, the Committee shall equitably adjust the number and kind of shares subject to this Option and the exercise price hereunder or make provision for a cash payment. If such transaction involves a consolidation or merger of the Company with another entity, the sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or a reorganization or liquidation of the Company, then in lieu of the foregoing, the Committee may upon written notice to the Optionholder provide that this Option shall terminate on a date not less than 20 days after the date of such notice unless theretofore exercised. In connection with such notice, the Committee may in its discretion accelerate or waive any deferred exercise period. 
 7. Option Not Transferable . This Option is not transferable by the Optionholder otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable, during the Optionholder s lifetime, only by the Optionholder. The naming of a Designated Beneficiary does not constitute a transfer. 
 8. Exercise of Option After Termination of Employment . If the Optionholder s status as an employee, director or consultant of the Company or a corporation (or parent or subsidiary corporation of such corporation) issuing or assuming a stock option in a transaction to which section 424(a) of the Code applies, is terminated for any reason other than by disability (within the meaning of section 22(e)(3) of the Code) or death, the Optionholder may exercise the rights which were available to the Optionholder at the time of such termination only within three months from the date of termination. If such status is terminated as a result of disability, such rights may be exercised within twelve months from the date of termination. Upon the death of the Optionholder, his or her Designated Beneficiary shall have the right, at any time within twelve months after the date of death, to exercise in whole or in part any rights that were available to the Optionholder at the time of death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no rights under this Option may be exercised after the Expiration Date. 
 9. Compliance with Securities Laws . It shall be a condition to the Optionholder s right to purchase shares of Common Stock hereunder that the Company may, in its discretion, require (a) that the shares of Common Stock reserved for issue upon the exercise of this Option shall have been duly listed, upon official notice of issuance, upon any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may then be listed or quoted, (b) that either (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the shares shall be in effect, or (ii) in the opinion of counsel for the Company, the proposed purchase shall be exempt from registration under that Act and the Optionholder shall have made such undertakings and agreements with the Company as the Company may reasonably require, and (c) that such other steps, if any, as counsel for the Company shall consider necessary to comply with any law applicable to the issue of such shares by the Company shall have been taken by the Company or the Optionholder, or both. The shares purchased under this Option may may be subject to such stop transfer restrictions as counsel for the Company shall consider necessary to comply with any applicable law. 
 10. Payment of Taxes . The Optionholder shall pay to the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Company for payment of, any taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the exercise of this Option. The Committee may, in its discretion, require any other Federal or state taxes imposed on the sale of the shares to be paid by the Optionholder. In the Committee s discretion, such tax obligations may be paid in whole or in part in shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the exercise of this Option, 

valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery. The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionholder. 
 
 11. Notices . Any written notices provided for in this Option that are sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing, but not later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to Optionholder, at the Optionholder s address indicated by the Company s records and, if to the Company, at the Company s principal executive office. 
 
 12. Governing Law . This Option shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law, without regard to choice-of-law principles. 

Approved March 2024 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 enta-ex10_27.htm
 EX-10.27

EX-10.27 

Exhibit 10.27 
 Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE AND AWARD AGREEMENT 
 2024 Inducement Stock I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 
 This notice confirms that Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, has granted to the person named below Participant an award (this Award of the number of Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs set forth below pursuant to the Company s 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), each RSU representing the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock, .01 par value per share (the Common Stock ), as provided below and subject to the definitions and terms and conditions referenced below. 
 
 Participant: 
 Address: 
 City, State, Zip Code: 
 Award Number: 
 Date of Grant: 
 Number of RSUs: 

Vesting Schedule : 	25 of the total number of RSUs subject to this Award (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares, with any fractional RSU to be cumulated and to vest and issue on the earliest vesting date in which a whole RSU equivalent is accumulated) will vest on each of the Initial Vesting Date and the first, second and third anniversaries of the Initial Vesting Date of this Award. The Initial Vesting Date of this Award shall be the 27 th day of the second month of the same fiscal quarter occurring in the following year as the fiscal quarter in which the Award was granted (or if such date, or any anniversary thereof, is not a trading day on the Nasdaq Global Market, then the first trading day preceding such date). 
 
 Settlement : 	Each portion of vested RSUs will settle, and the underlying shares of the Company s Common Stock will be issued to the Participant, subject to Participant s continued employment with the Company and subject to applicable tax withholding, on the applicable vesting date (which shall also be the Settlement Date indicated in the vesting schedule above. 

By your acceptance of this Award, which Participant must confirm on the Company s electronic stock plan system, Participant agrees to all the terms and conditions of this Award, including, without limitation, those set forth in the Plan and the in the accompanying Terms and Conditions of RSU Award. 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC . 

Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Terms and Conditions of RSU Award 
 
 1. The Plan . In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. The Committee administers the Plan, directly or through a delegate, and its determinations regarding the operation of the Plan are final. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Award. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. Copies of the Plan may be obtained upon written request without charge from the Secretary of the Company. 
 
 2. No Rights as Stockholder or Employee . Participant shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the RSUs subject to this Award unless and until shares of Common Stock have been issued and delivered to Participant. The rights of Participant with respect to the RSUs shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date on which such rights vest and settle in accordance with Sections 3, 4 and 5. Participant shall not have any rights to continued employment by the Company by virtue of the grant of this Award. 
 
 3. Settlement of RSUs: Issuance of Common Stock . Subject to Section 9, the Company shall deliver to Participant, on or promptly after a vesting date, the shares of Common Stock represented by the number of whole RSUs that have vested as of such date. The shares of Common Stock issued with respect to vested RSUs shall be free of all restrictions on transferability and forfeiture under this Award. 
 
 4. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Award, each installment of the RSUs shall vest according to the Vesting Schedule for this Award, which is set forth on the accompanying notice for this Award, so long as Participant remains continuously employed by the Company until the applicable Settlement Date. 
 
 5. Termination due to Disability, or Death. In the event Participant s employment is terminated by reason of disability or death, the vesting of the RSUs will be prorated based on the number of days during the period of the vesting schedule that the Participant spent on the active payroll of the Company. Payout for the award will be made at the same time as payment would have been made had Participant not had a termination of employment. Disability means a disability entitling Participant to benefits under the long-term disability policy sponsored by the Company that applies to Participant. 
 
 6. Other Termination of Employment . If, prior to issuance of shares under the RSUs pursuant to the Vesting Schedule, Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason (voluntary or involuntary), then (except as set forth in Section 5 above) Participant s rights to all of the unvested RSUs shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. 
 
 7. Mergers etc. As provided in the Plan, in the event of corporate transactions affecting the Company's outstanding Common Stock, the Committee shall equitably adjust the number and kind of shares subject to this Award or make provision for a cash payment. If such transaction involves a consolidation or merger of the Company with another entity, the sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or a reorganization or liquidation of the Company, the Committee may in its discretion accelerate or waive any vesting of this Award. 
 
 8. Adjustments in Number of RSUs. The number of RSUs subject to the Award will be adjusted proportionately for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from any stock split, combination or exchange of shares, consolidation, spin-off or recapitalization of shares, or any similar capital adjustment or the payment of any stock dividend. 
 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . The RSUs are not transferable by Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The naming of a Designated Beneficiary does not constitute a transfer. 
 
 10. Income Tax Matters . In connection with any settlement of any RSU Shares, the Company will cause to be sold on the open market at the then prevailing market price(s), on the RSU holder s behalf, as soon as practicable on or after the date on which the shares of Common Stock are delivered to the RSU holder in connection with the settlement of the Award, the number (rounded up to the next whole number) of shares of Common Stock sufficient to generate proceeds to cover (A) 30 of the value of the settled shares (or such other percentage as may then be determined consistent with applicable federal and state income tax withholding requirements) in satisfaction of the RSU holder s tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting and settlement of the Award and the related issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock to the RSU holder and (B) all applicable fees and commissions due to, or required to be collected by, the broker with respect to such sale. 
 
 11. Section 409A . In the event that the Committee determines that any amounts will be immediately taxable to Participant under Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (or subject Participant to a penalty tax thereunder) in connection with the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or any provision of this Award or the Plan, the Company may (i) adopt such amendments to this Award (having prospective or retroactive effect), that the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the RSUs and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, 

including such Department of Treasury guidance and other interpretive materials as may be issued after the date on which such RSUs were granted. 
 
 12. Conditions for Issuance of Shares . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock upon vesting of any RSUs until (i) such shares of Common Stock have been admitted to listing on all stock exchanges on which the Common Stock is then listed and (ii) the requirements of any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or other laws or rules (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied, provided however, that the Company may only so delay delivery of shares of Common Stock to the extent that such deferral complies with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, in no event will shares of Common Stock be delivered later than the date that is two and one-half (2 1/2) months from the end of the calendar year in which the applicable PSUs vest. Any shares of Common Stock delivered under this Award may be subject to such stop transfer restrictions as counsel for the Company shall consider necessary to comply with any applicable law. 
 
 13. Notices . Any written notices provided for in this Award that are sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing, but not later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records and, if to the Company, at the Company s principal executive office. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . The right of Participant to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award is an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. The Participant shall have no rights under this Award other than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
 15. Governing Law . This Award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law, without regard to applicable conflicts of laws. 
 
 16. Severability . If one or more of the provisions of this Award shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed null and void; however, to the extent permissible by law, any provisions which could be deemed null and void shall first be construed, interpreted or revised retroactively to permit this Award to be construed so as to foster the intent of this Award and the Plan. 

Approved March 2024 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 enta-ex10_28.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10.28 

Exhibit 10.28 
 
 ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 
 Performance Share Unit Certificate 
 
 This Performance Share Unit Certificate confirms that Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, has granted to the person named below Participant an award (this Award of the number of Performance Share Units PSUs set forth above pursuant to the Company s 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), each PSU representing the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock, .01 par value per share (the Common Stock ), subject to adjustment as provided below and subject to the definitions and terms and conditions set forth or otherwise referenced below. 

Participant: 
 Address: 
 City, State, Zip Code: 
 Award Number: 
 Date of Grant: 
 Target Number of PSU Shares: 
 
 Vesting Schedule: 	 

Performance Period: On or before December 31, _______ 
 
 R D Milestones: 
 Settlement: 	All vested PSUs will settle, and the underlying shares of the Company s Common Stock will be issued to the Participant, subject to Participant s continued employment with the Company, and subject to tax withholding, on the later date (the Settlement Date of (A) the first February 12 (or if such date is not a trading day, then the first trading day thereafter) after the close of the Company s ____ fiscal year or (B) if there is any change in the Company s fiscal year, the first day of the third calendar month after the close of the Company s ____ fiscal year. 
 
 By acceptance of this Award, which Participant must confirm on the Company s electronic stock plan system, Participant agrees to all the terms and conditions hereof, including, without limitation, those set forth in the Plan and in the accompanying Terms and Conditions of PSU Award . 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC . 

Chief Financial Administrative Officer 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Terms and Conditions of PSU Award 
 
 1. The Plan . In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. The Committee administers the Plan and its determinations regarding the operation of the Plan are final. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Award. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. Copies of the Plan may be obtained upon written request without charge from the Secretary of the Company. 
 
 2. No Rights as Stockholder or Employee . Participant shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the PSUs granted pursuant to this Award unless and until shares of Common Stock have been issued and delivered to Participant. The rights of Participant with respect to the PSUs subject to this Award shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date on which such rights vest and settle in accordance with Sections 3, 4 and 6. Participant shall not have any rights to continued employment by the Company by virtue of the grant of this Award. 
 
 3. Settlement of PSUs: Issuance of Common Stock . No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to Participant except to the extent that the PSUs vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule, which is set forth on the accompanying certificate for this Award. Subject to Section 7 below, and only if Participant remains continuously employed by the Company until the Settlement Date (except as set forth in Section 4 and 6 below), the Company shall deliver to Participant, on or promptly after the Settlement Date, the vested shares of Common Stock represented by the whole PSUs that have vested on or before such date. The value of any fractional share of Common Stock that is vested shall be paid in cash at the time the whole shares are delivered to Participant. The shares of Common Stock issued on settlement of vested PSUs shall be free of all restrictions on transferability and forfeiture under this Award. 
 
 4. Termination due to Disability, or Death. In the event Participant s employment is terminated by reason of disability or death, the vesting of the PSUs will be prorated based on the number of days during the Performance Period that the Participant spent on the active payroll of the Company. Issuance of any vested shares of Common Stock will be made at the same time as settlement would have been made had Participant not had a termination of employment and will in all respects be subject to the Company s actual R D Milestones achieved during the full Performance Period. Disability means a disability entitling Participant to benefits under the long-term disability policy sponsored by the Company that applies to Participant. 
 
 5. Other Termination of Employment . If, prior to settlement of the PSUs on the Settlement Date, Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason (voluntary or involuntary), then except as set forth in Section 4 above, Participant s rights to all of the unvested PSUs shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. 
 
 6. Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control (as such term is defined in the Participant s employment agreement) affecting the Company s outstanding Common Stock, the Committee shall (i) provide for the acceleration of any time period relating to the payment of this Award and shall issue the Target Number of PSU Shares subject to this Award, or such greater number as the Committee may determine have already vested upon achievement of more than one of the R D Milestones, immediately before the closing of the transaction resulting in the Change of Control, subject to applicable tax withholding, or (ii) provide for payment to the Participant of cash or other property with a fair market value equal to the Target Number of PSU Shares, or such greater number, as the case may be, as the Committee has determined have vested under this Award immediately before such closing. 
 
 7. Adjustments in Number of Shares Subject to this Award. The number of PSUs subject to this Award will be adjusted proportionately for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from any stock split, combination or exchange of shares, consolidation, spin-off or recapitalization of shares, or any similar capital adjustment or the payment of any stock dividend. 
 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . The PSUs are not transferable by Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The naming of a Designated Beneficiary does not constitute a transfer. 
 
 9. Income Tax Matters . In order to comply with all withholding requirements under applicable federal and state income tax laws and regulations, the Company shall withhold such number of the shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable on the Settlement Date, valued at their fair market value on the Settlement Date, as the Company determines is consistent with then applicable federal and state income tax withholding requirements. 
 
 10. Section 409A . In the event that the Committee determines that any amounts will be immediately taxable to Participant under Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (or are reasonably expected to subject Participant to a penalty tax thereunder) in connection with the grant, vesting or settlement of the PSUs or any provision of this Award or the Plan, the Company may (i) adopt such amendments to this Award (having prospective or retroactive effect) that the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the PSUs and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, including such Department of Treasury guidance and other interpretive materials as may be issued after the date on which such PSUs were granted. 

11. Conditions for Issuance of Shares . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock upon vesting of any PSUs until (i) such shares of Common Stock have been admitted to listing on all stock exchanges on which the Common Stock is then listed and (ii) the requirements of any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or other laws or rules (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied, provided however, that the Company may only so delay delivery of shares of Common Stock to the extent that such deferral complies with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, in no event will shares of Common Stock be delivered later than the date that is two and one-half (2 1/2) months after the end of the calendar year in which the applicable PSUs vest. Any shares of Common Stock delivered under this Award may be subject to such stop transfer restrictions as counsel for the Company shall consider necessary to comply with any applicable law. 
 
 12. Clawback Policy. This Award and any Common Stock issued hereunder is subject to the Amended and Restated Compensation Clawback Policy (Effective as of October 2, 2023) adopted by the Company s Board of Directors, as amended from time to time. 
 
 13. Notices . Any written notices provided for in this Award that are sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing, but not later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records and, if to the Company, at the Company s principal executive office. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . The right of Participant to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award is an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. The Participant shall have no rights under this Award other than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
 15. Governing Law . This Award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law, without regard to choice-of-law principles. 
 
 16. Severability . If one or more of the provisions of this Award shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed null and void; however, to the extent permissible by law, any provisions which could be deemed null and void shall first be construed, interpreted or revised retroactively to permit this Award to be construed so as to foster the intent of this Award and the Plan. 

Updated March 2024 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 enta-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10.29 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan 
 Relative Total Stockholder Return Unit Certificate 
 
 This Relative Total Stockholder Return Unit Certificate confirms that Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, has granted to the person named below Participant an award (this Award of the number of Relative Total Stockholder Return Units rTSRUs set forth above pursuant to the Company s 2024 Inducement Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), each rTSRU representing the right to receive one share of the Company s Common Stock, .01 par value per share (the Common Stock ), subject to adjustment as provided below, and subject to the definitions and terms and conditions set forth or otherwise referenced below. 
 
 Participant: 
 Address: 
 City, State, Zip Code: 
 Award Number: 
 Date of Grant: 
 Target Number of rTSRU Shares: 

Vesting Schedule: 	A number of whole shares of Common Stock (rounding down) subject to this Award shall vest in an amount equal to (A) 50 of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares if the Company s TSR ranks in the 40 th percentile of the Comparator Group, but not if it is less, and shall be adjusted to (B) 100 of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares if the Company s TSR ranks in the 60 th percentile of the Comparator Group, and (C) 150 of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares if the Company s TSR ranks in or above the 75 th percentile of the Comparator Group, in each case as determined by the Committee in good faith using the discrete percentile ranking method that includes the Company in the ranking; and in the case of the Company s TSR ranking falling between any two of those percentiles, straight-line interpolation will be used between the price of the 40 th percentile and the 60 th percentile, and between the 60 th percentile and the 75 th percentile, to determine a graduated payout for actual performance of the Company s TSR (e.g. if the 40 th percentile has a 50 increase in TSR, the 60 th percentile has an 80 increase, and the Company s TSR has increased by 65 , then the rTSRUs would vest at the mid-point between the percentages of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares (50 and 100 for the two percentiles, which is 75 of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares); (ii) in no case shall more than 100 of the Target rTSRU Award vest if the Company s Ending Price is not higher than the Baseline Price and in no case shall any shares vest if the Company s TSR ranks below the 40 th percentile of the Comparator Group. (The meanings of capitalized terms not defined above are set forth in the accompanying Appendix of rTSRU Definitions and Formulas.) 
 
 Baseline Period: 	 The 60 calendar days immediately before January 1, ____. 
 
 Ending Period: 	The 60 calendar days immediately before January 1, ____. 
 
 Performance Period: The two-year period ending December 31, ____. 
 
 Settlement: 	All vested rTSRUs will settle, and the underlying vested shares of the Company s Common Stock will be issued to the Participant, subject to Participant s continued employment with the Company, and subject to tax withholding, on the later date (the Settlement Date of (A) the first February 12 (or if such date is not a trading day, then the first trading day thereafter) after the close of the Company s ___ fiscal year or (B) if there is any change in the Company s fiscal year, the first day of the third calendar month after the close of the Company s ___ fiscal year. 
 
 By acceptance of this Award, which Participant must confirm on the Company s electronic stock plan system, Participant agrees to all the terms and conditions hereof, including, without limitation, those set forth in the Plan and in the accompanying Appendix of rTSRU Definitions and Formulas and Terms and Conditions of rTSRU Award . 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC . 
 
 Chief Financial Administrative Officer 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Appendix of rTSRU Definitions and Formulas Comparator Group means the list of component companies (each a Peer Company , and collectively, the Peer Companies that are in the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index at the end of the Baseline Period, adjusted as follows after the Baseline Period: (i) in the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company with or by another Peer Company, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company; 

 (ii) in the event of a merger of a Peer Company with an entity that is not a Peer Company, or the acquisition or business combination transaction by or with a Peer Company or with an entity that is not a Peer Company, in each case where the Peer Company is the surviving entity and remains publicly traded, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company; 

 (iii) in the event of a merger or acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company by or with an entity that is not a Peer Company, a going private transaction involving a Peer Company or the liquidation of a Peer Company, in each case where the Peer Company is not the surviving entity or is otherwise no longer publicly traded, the company shall no longer be a Peer Company; 

 (iv) in the event of a bankruptcy of a Peer Company, such company shall remain a Peer Company; and 

 (v) the Peer Companies will not be changed due to any annual or other rebalancing of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index after the Baseline Period. 

 Baseline Price means, with respect to the Company or any Peer Company, the average daily closing price of the respective company s common stock for the trading days in the Baseline Period. Ending Price means, with respect to the Company or any Peer Company, the average daily closing price of the respective company s common stock for the trading days in the Ending Period. rTSRU Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to the rTSRUs subject to the Award. The total stockholder return TSR of the Company and of each Peer Company shall be determined by the following formula: TSR = (Ending Price Baseline Price) + Reinvested Dividends Baseline Price 

Provided, that, if the Company or any Peer Company pays a cash dividend during the Baseline Period or the Performance Period, the dividend shall be deemed to be reinvested in the issuer s common stock as of the dividend payment date (a Reinvested Dividend ). r TSR means the Company s TSR relative to the TSR of each of the Peer Companies. The rTSR will be determined by ranking the Company and the Peer Companies from highest to lowest according to their respective TSRs. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the Company relative to the Peer Companies will be determined as follows: where: P represents the percentile performance which will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding. N represents the number of companies in the Comparator Group, including the Company. R represents Company s ranking among the companies in the Comparator Group. Example: If there are 24 Peer Companies, and the Company ranked 7 th , the performance would be at the 75 th percentile: .75 = 1 ((7-1)/(25-1)). rTSR will be calculated by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith based on the terms set forth in this Appendix A. In the event of a payout percentage level above 100 , Participant will be awarded additional rTSRU Shares so that the total number of rTSRU Shares that vest equals the Target Number of rTSRU Shares multiplied by the payout percentage level. 

In no event shall the number of rTSRU Shares issued exceed 150 of the Target Number of rTSRU Shares. 

ENANTA PHARACEUTICALS, INC. 
 Terms and Conditions of rTSRU Award 
 
 1. The Plan . In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award, the terms of the Plan shall govern. The Committee administers the Plan and its determinations regarding the operation of the Plan are final. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Plan, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Award. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. Copies of the Plan may be obtained upon written request without charge from the Secretary of the Company. 
 
 2. No Rights as Stockholder or Employee . Participant shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the rTSRUs granted pursuant to this Award unless and until shares of Common Stock have been issued and delivered to Participant. The rights of Participant with respect to the rTSRUs shall remain forfeitable at all times prior to the date on which such rights vest and settle in accordance with Sections 3, 4 and 6. Participant shall not have any rights to continued employment by the Company by virtue of the grant of this Award. 
 
 3. Settlement of rTSRUs: Issuance of Common Stock . No shares of Common Stock shall be issued to Participant except to the extent that the rTSRUs vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule, which is set forth on the accompanying certificate for this Award. Subject to Section 7 below, and only if Participant remains continuously employed by the Company until the Settlement Date (except as set forth in Section 4 and 6 below), the Company shall deliver to Participant, on or promptly after the Settlement Date, the vested shares of Common Stock represented by the whole rTSRUs that have vested on or before such date. The value of any fractional share of Common Stock that is vested shall be paid in cash at the time the whole shares are delivered to Participant. The shares of Common Stock issued on settlement of vested rTSRUs shall be free of all restrictions on transferability and forfeiture under this Award. 
 
 4. Termination due to Disability, or Death. In the event Participant s employment is terminated by reason of disability or death before the Settlement Date, the vesting of the rTSRUs will be prorated based on the number of days during the Performance Period that the Participant was on the payroll of the Company as an active employee. Issuance of any rTSRU Shares will be made at the same time as settlement would have been made had Participant not had a termination of employment, and the vesting of any rTSRUs will in all respects be subject to the Company s actual rTSR achieved during the full Performance Period. Disability means a disability entitling Participant to benefits under the long-term disability policy sponsored by the Company that applies to Participant. 
 
 5. Other Termination of Employment . If, prior to settlement of the rTSRUs on the Settlement Date, Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason (voluntary or involuntary), then, except as set forth in Section 4 above, Participant s rights to all of the unvested rTSRUs shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited. 
 
 6. Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control (as such term is defined in the Participant s employment agreement) affecting the Company s outstanding Common Stock, the Committee (i) shall provide for the acceleration of any time period relating to the payment of this Award and shall issue a number of rTSRU Shares calculated based on the actual performance of Enanta common stock and the other companies in the Comparator Group as of the Adjusted Ending Date using Ending Prices based on the earlier of December 31, ___ or the date of the Change in Control (using as the last day of the 60-day measurement period for the Ending Price in the case of an earlier Change in Control, the second trading day before the closing of the Change in Control transaction (the Adjusted Ending Date )), subject to applicable tax withholding, or (ii) provide for payment to the Participant of cash or other property with a fair market value equal to the number of rTSRU Shares calculated as provided in the preceding clause (i). 
 
 7. Adjustments in Number of Shares Subject to this Award. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Award will be adjusted proportionately for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from any stock split, combination or exchange of shares, consolidation, spin-off or recapitalization of shares, or any similar capital adjustment or the payment of any stock dividend. 
 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . The rTSRUs are not transferable by Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The naming of a Designated Beneficiary does not constitute a transfer. 
 
 9. Income Tax Matters . In order to comply with all withholding requirements under applicable federal and state income tax laws and regulations, the Company shall withhold such number of the rTSRU Shares otherwise issuable on the Settlement Date, valued at their fair market value on the Settlement Date, as the Company determines is appropriate consistent with then applicable federal and state income tax withholding requirements. 
 
 10. Section 409A . In the event that the Committee determines that any amounts will be immediately taxable to Participant under Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (or subject Participant to a penalty tax thereunder) in connection with the grant, vesting or settlement of the rTSRUs or any provision of this Award or the Plan, the Company may (i) adopt such amendments to this Award (having prospective or retroactive effect) that the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the rTSRUs and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance, 

including such Department of Treasury guidance and other interpretive materials as may be issued after the date on which such rTSRUs were awarded. 
 
 11. Conditions for Issuance of Shares . The Company shall not be required to deliver any shares of Common Stock upon vesting of any rTSRUs until (i) such shares of Common Stock have been admitted to listing on all stock exchanges on which the Common Stock is then listed and (ii) the requirements of any federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations or other laws or rules (including the rules of any securities exchange) as may be determined by the Company to be applicable are satisfied, provided however, that the Company may only so delay delivery of shares of Common Stock to the extent that such deferral complies with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, in no event will shares of Common Stock be delivered later than the date that is two and one-half (2 1/2) months from the end of the calendar year in which the applicable rTSRUs vest. Any shares of Common Stock delivered under this Award may be subject to such stop transfer restrictions as counsel for the Company shall consider necessary to comply with any applicable law. 
 
 12. Clawback Policy. This Award and any Common Stock issued hereunder is subject to the Amended and Restated Compensation Clawback Policy (Effective as of October 2, 2023) adopted by the Company s Board of Directors, as amended from time to time. 
 
 13. Notices . Any written notices provided for in this Award that are sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing, but not later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records and, if to the Company, at the Company s principal executive office. 
 
 14. Miscellaneous . The right of Participant to receive shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Award is an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. The Participant shall have no rights under this Award other than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Award shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
 15. Governing Law . This Award shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law, without regard to choice-of-law principles. 
 
 16. Severability . If one or more of the provisions of this Award shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed null and void; however, to the extent permissible by law, any provisions which could be deemed null and void shall first be construed, interpreted or revised retroactively to permit this Award to be construed so as to foster the intent of this Award and the Plan. 

Updated March 2024 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 6
 enta-ex10_30.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10.30 

Exhibit 10.30 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment is made as of July 26, 2024, by and between ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. , a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are now parties to that certain Deed of Lease dated as of September 24, 2018, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of May 12, 2022 (the First Amendment (as amended, the Lease ). Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant leases certain Premises containing approximately 36,930 rentable square feet in that certain building located at 400 Talcott Avenue (commonly known as Building 131), Watertown, Massachusetts, within the complex commonly known as The Arsenal on the Charles (the Project ), as such Premises is more particularly described in the Lease. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings defined for such terms in the Lease. 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are also parties to that certain Lease Agreement dated May 12, 2022 (the Building 2 Lease ), wherein Landlord leases to Tenant certain premises within the building located at 4 Kingsbury Avenue (commonly known as Building 2), Watertown, Massachusetts, within the Project, as such premises is more particularly described in the Building 2 Lease. 
 	WHEREAS, the base term of the Building 2 Lease expires on September 30, 2034. 
 	WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to match the expiration of the Term of the Lease to the expiration date of the base term of the Building 2 Lease pursuant to Section 3 of the First Amendment. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, which are incorporated herein by this reference, the mutual promises and conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Term . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, the definition of Termination Date in Exhibit 1 of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with September 30, 2034. 

2. Activity and Use Limitations . Notice is hereby given that in addition to the Notices of Activity and Use Limitations previously disclosed in Exhibit 5 of the Lease, an additional Notice of Activity and Use Limitation, pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws Chapter 21E, has been recorded with the Middlesex Southern District Registry of Deeds with respect to the Project of which the Premises are a part: Second Amendment to Notice of Activity and Use Limitations, dated December 9, 2019, recorded at Book 73807, Page 226. The restriction on activities conducted on the Premises and use limitations contained in the Notice of Activity and Use Limitation is hereby incorporated by reference and shall be independently enforceable by the United Stated through the Army as a restrictive covenant and equitable servitude. 

3. Asbestos. 

a. Notification of Asbestos . Landlord hereby notifies Tenant of the presence of asbestos-containing materials ACMs and/or presumed asbestos-containing materials PACMs within or about the Premises in the location identified in Exhibit A attached to this Second Amendment. 

b. Tenant Acknowledgement . Tenant hereby acknowledges receipt of the notification in paragraph (a) of this Section 3 and understands that the purpose of such notification is to make Tenant and any agents, employees, and contractors of Tenant, aware of the presence of ACMs and/or PACMs within or about the Building in order to avoid or minimize any damage to or disturbance of such ACMs and/or PACMs. 

/s/ PM Tenant s Initials 
 c. Acknowledgement from Contractors/Employees . If Tenant desires to conduct, authorize or permit any of the activities set forth in subsections (i) (iii) below within or about the Premises, then Tenant shall give Landlord at least 14 days prior written notice before conducting, authorizing or permitting any of the activities listed below 

within or about the Premises, and before soliciting bids from any person to perform such services. Such notice shall identify or describe the proposed scope, location, date and time of such activities and the name, address and telephone number of each person who may be conducting such activities. Thereafter, Tenant shall grant Landlord reasonable access to the Premises to determine whether any ACMs or PACMs will be disturbed in connection with such activities. Upon Landlord s request, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of a signed acknowledgement from any contractor, agent, or employee of Tenant acknowledging receipt of information describing the presence of ACMs and/or PACMs within or about the Premises in the locations identified in Exhibit A prior to the commencement of such activities. Nothing in this Section 3 shall be deemed to expand Tenant s rights under the Lease or otherwise to conduct, authorize or permit any such activities. 

(i) Removal of thermal system insulation TSI and surfacing ACMs and PACMs (i.e., sprayed-on or troweled-on material, e.g., textured ceiling paint or fireproofing material); 

(ii) Removal of ACMs or PACMs that are not TSI or surfacing ACMs or PACMs; or 

(iii) Repair and maintenance of operations that are likely to disturb ACMs or PACMs. 

4. Authority . Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that it has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Second Amendment and to perform its obligations hereunder, and this Second Amendment is a valid and binding obligation of Landlord enforceable against Landlord in accordance with the terms hereof. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that it has the right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Second Amendment and to perform its obligations hereunder, and this Second Amendment is a valid and binding obligation of Tenant enforceable against Tenant in accordance with the terms hereof. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord is in full compliance with the terms of the Lease and no event exists or has occurred that constitutes or could ripen into a Landlord default under the Lease. 

5. OFAC . Section 16 of the First Amendment is hereby incorporated by reference. 

6. Brokers . Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants that, other than Cushman Wakefield and Jones Lang LaSalle (the Brokers ), it has not dealt with any broker, agent or other person in connection with the transaction reflected in this Second Amendment. Landlord and Tenant each hereby agree to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any claims by any broker, agent or other person or entity, other than the Brokers, claiming a commission or other form of compensation by virtue of having dealt with Tenant or Landlord, as applicable, with regard to this Second Amendment. Landlord shall be responsible for all commissions due to the Brokers subject to and in accordance with the terms of a separate agreement(s) with the Brokers. 

7. Governing Law . This Second Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

8. Counterparts . This Second Amendment may be executed in 2 or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature process complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. Electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Second Amendment and all matters related thereto, with such electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. 

9. Miscellaneous . 

a. This Second Amendment is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions. This Second Amendment may be amended only by an agreement in writing, signed by the parties hereto. 

b. This Second Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns. 

[Signatures are on the next page.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Landlord and Tenant have executed this Second Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 TENANT: 
 ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. , 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Paul Mellett x 
 Name: Paul Mellett x 
 Title: Chief Financial and Administrative Officer x 
 
 I hereby certify that the signature, name, and title above are my signature, name and title. 

LANDLORD: 
 ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By:	ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 	a Delaware limited partnership, managing member 
 By:	ARE-QRS CORP., 
 	a Maryland corporation, 
 	general partner 
 By: /s/ Allison Grochola x 
 Name: Allison Grochola x 
 Title: SVP Real Estate Legal Affairs x 

Exhibit A 
 Notification of Presence of Asbestos Containing Materials 
 This notification provides certain information about asbestos within or about the Premises at Arsenal on the Charles, Watertown, Massachusetts Building ). 
 
 Historically, asbestos was commonly used in building products used in the construction of buildings across the country. Asbestos-containing building products were used because they are fire-resistant and provide good noise and temperature insulation. Because of their prevalence, asbestos-containing materials, or ACMs, are still sometimes found in buildings today. 
 
 The Buildings at the site were constructed prior to 1981 and an asbestos survey of the buildings conducted in 2019 confirmed the presence of Asbestos Containing Materials (ACMs) in some buildings. The asbestos survey has determined that ACMs and/or materials that might contain ACMs, referred to as presumed asbestos-containing materials or PACMs, are present within or about the Premises. 
 Because ACMs and PACMs may be present within or about the Building, we have hired an independent environmental consulting firm to prepare an operations and maintenance program O M Program ). The O M Program is designed to minimize the potential of any harmful asbestos exposure to any person within or about the Building. The O M Program includes a description of work methods to be taken in order to maintain any ACMs or PACMs within or about the Building in good condition and to prevent any significant disturbance of such ACMs or PACMs. Appropriate personnel receive regular periodic training on how to properly administer the O M Program. 
 
 The O M Program describes the risks associated with asbestos exposure and how to prevent such exposure through appropriate work practices. ACMs and PACMs generally are not thought to be a threat to human health unless asbestos fibers are released into the air and inhaled. This does not typically occur unless (1) the ACMs are in a deteriorating condition, or (2) the ACMs have been significantly disturbed (such as through abrasive cleaning, or maintenance or renovation activities). If inhaled, asbestos fibers can accumulate in the lungs and, as exposure increases, the risk of disease (such as asbestosis or cancer) increases. However, measures to minimize exposure, and consequently minimize the accumulation of asbestos fibers, reduce the risks of adverse health effects. 
 
 The O M Program describes a number of activities that should be avoided in order to prevent a release of asbestos fibers. In particular, you should be aware that some of the activities which may present a health risk include moving, drilling, boring, or otherwise disturbing ACMs. Consequently, such activities should not be attempted by any person not qualified to handle ACMs. 
 
 The O M Program is available for review during regular business hours at Landlord s office located at 400 Technology Square, Suite 101, Cambridge, MA 02139. 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 7
 enta-ex10_31.htm
 EX-10.31

EX-10.31 

Exhibit 10.31 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (this Third Amendment is dated as of September 13, 2024, but made effective as of September 1, 2024, by and between ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. 	Landlord and Tenant are now parties to that certain Deed of Lease dated as of September 24, 2018, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of May 12, 2022 (the First Amendment ), and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of July 26, 2024 (as amended, the Lease ). Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant leases certain premises containing approximately 36,930 rentable square feet, commonly known as Suites 100, 200 and 300 (the Premises ), in the building commonly known as Building 131 located at 400 Talcott Avenue, Watertown, Massachusetts (the Building ), within the complex commonly known as The Arsenal on the Charles, Watertown, Massachusetts (the Property ), as more particularly described in the Lease. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings defined for such terms in the Lease. 
 B. 	Landlord has caused the Property to be re-measured in accordance with Section 9 of the First Amendment in connection with the expansion of the Property to include the building commonly known as Building 2 , and with respect to such addition of Building 2 to the Property, the rentable area of the Property has been increased to approximately 1,134,543 rentable square feet. 
 C.	 Landlord and Tenant desire, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, to , among other things, amend the Lease to (x) memorialize the re-measured rentable area of the Property, and (y) amend the definition of the defined term Building s Share of Property set forth in the Lease to reflect the remeasured rentable area of the Property, effective as of September 1, 2024 (the Remeasurement Date ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, which are incorporated herein by this reference, the mutual promises and conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 
 1. Rentable Area of Property and Building . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that, as of the Remeasurement Date, the Property contains approximately 1,134,543 rentable square feet. For the avoidance of doubt, Landlord and Tenant further acknowledge and agree that, as of the date hereof, (x) the Building contains approximately 52,983 rentable square feet, and (y) the Premises contain approximately 36,930 rentable square feet . 

2. Building s Share of Property . 

a. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Lease, as of the Remeasurement Date, the defined term Building s Share of Property set forth on Exhibit 1 of the Lease shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Building s Share of Property : 4.67 , subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Lease. 
 b. For the avoidance of doubt, Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses shall remain equal to 69.70 . 

3. Miscellaneous . 

a. This Third Amendment is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions. This Third Amendment may be amended only by an agreement in writing, signed by the parties hereto. 

b. This Third Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns. 

c. This Third Amendment may be executed in 2 or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via 

electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature process complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. Electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Third Amendment and all matters related thereto, with such electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. 

d. Except as amended and/or modified by this Third Amendment, the terms of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect, unaltered and unchanged by this Third Amendment. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Third Amendment and the provisions of the Lease, the provisions of this Third Amendment shall prevail. Whether or not specifically amended by this Third Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Lease are hereby amended to the extent necessary to give effect to the purpose and intent of this Third Amendment. 

[Signatures are on the next page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Third Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 TENANT: 
 ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 By: /s/ Paul Mellett					 Print Name: Paul Mellett				 Title: Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 	 
 I hereby certify that the signature, name, and title above are my signature, name and title. 
 
 LANDLORD: 
 ARE-MA REGION NO. 75, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By:	Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 managing member 
 By:	ARE-QRS Corp 
 a Maryland corporation, 
 general partner 
 		By: /s/ Allison Grochola	 	 		Print Name: Allison Grochola 	 		Title: SVP Real Estate Legal Affairs	 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-19.1>
 8
 enta-ex19_1.htm
 EX-19.1

EX-19.1 

Exhibit 19.1 Amended and Restated Effective as of November 17, 2023 

ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 1. BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE 

The federal securities laws prohibit any member of the Board of Directors (a Director or employee of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company (including its subsidiaries) from purchasing or selling Company securities on the basis of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, or from tipping material nonpublic information to others. These laws impose severe sanctions on individuals who violate them. In addition, the SEC has the authority to impose large fines on the Company and on the Company s Directors, executive officers and controlling stockholders if the Company s employees engage in insider trading and the Company has failed to take appropriate steps to prevent it (so-called controlling person liability). 
 This Securities Trading Policy is being adopted in light of these legal requirements, and with the goal of helping: 
 prevent inadvertent violations of the insider trading laws; 

avoid embarrassing proxy disclosure of reporting violations by persons subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ); 

avoid even the appearance of impropriety on the part of those employed by, or associated with, the Company; 

protect the Company from controlling person liability; and 

protect the reputation of the Company, its Directors and its employees. 

1.1. What Type of Information is Material ? 

Information concerning the Company is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable stockholder would consider the information important in making a decision to buy or sell the Company s securities. Stated another way, there must be a substantial likelihood that a reasonable stockholder would view the information as having significantly altered the total mix of information available about the Company. Material information can include positive or negative information about the Company. Information concerning any of the following subjects, or the Company s plans with respect to any of these subjects, would often be considered material: 
 the Company s revenues or results of operations that are higher or lower than generally expected by the investment community; 

any other qualitative or financial information relating to quarterly results; 

FH11678242.3 

the results of clinical trials with respect to the Company s product candidates; 

a new product release or a significant development, invention or discovery; 

in-progress major sales or strategic deals or the loss of such deals; 

negotiations regarding an important license, distribution agreement, or joint venture; 

predictions about the significance of announced strategic/operational/product development initiatives; 

a significant merger or acquisition, joint venture, collaboration, strategic alliance or a sale of assets involving the Company; 

a proposed public offering or private placement of the Company s securities; 

other events regarding the Company s stock, such as stock repurchases, stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations; 

a change in control or a significant change in management of the Company; 

a default on outstanding debt or preferred stock; 

a bankruptcy filing; 

the loss, delay or gain of a significant contract, sale or order or other important development regarding customers or suppliers; 

a conclusion by the Company or a notification from its independent auditor that any of the Company s previously issued financial statements should no longer be relied upon; or 

a change in the Company s independent auditor. 

This list is illustrative only and is not intended to provide a comprehensive list of circumstances that could give rise to material information. 
 This policy also applies to material non-public information about other companies with which is the Company is negotiating or doing business. This policy prohibits trading in the securities of any such company while in possession of material non-public information about it, as well as disclosure of any such material non-public information to others. 
 
 2 FH11678242.4 

1.2. When is Information Nonpublic ? 

Information concerning the Company is considered nonpublic if it has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally. 
 Information will generally be considered nonpublic unless 
 (a) the information has been disclosed 
 in a press release that has been distributed by a national newswire service; 

in a public filing made with the Securities and Exchange Commission (such as a Report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K); 

in a webcast Company conference call that was itself announced in a Company press release that has been distributed by a national newswire service; or 

in some circumstances, on the Company s website; 

and (b) a sufficient amount of time has passed so that the information has had an opportunity to be digested by the marketplace. 
 2. PROHIBITIONS RELATING TO TRANSACTIONS IN THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

2.1. Covered Persons . This Section 2 applies to: 

all Directors; 

all employees; 

all family members of any Directors or employee and who share the same address as, or are financially dependent on, the Director or employee; 

and all other person who shares the same address as the Director or employee (other than (x) an employee or tenant of the Director or employee or (y) another unrelated person whom the Chief Financial Officer determines should not be covered by this policy); and 

all corporations, partnerships, trusts or other entities controlled by any of the above persons, unless any such entity has implemented policies or procedures designed to ensure that such person cannot influence transactions by the entity involving Company securities. 

3 FH11678242.4 

2.2. Prohibition on Trading or Recommending Trading While Aware of Material Nonpublic Information. 

Prohibited Activities . Except as provided in Section 4, no person or entity covered by this Section 2 may: 
 purchase, sell or donate any securities of the Company while he or she is aware of any material nonpublic information concerning the Company or recommend to another person that they do so; 

disclose to any other person any material nonpublic information concerning the Company if such person may misuse that information, such as by purchasing or selling Company securities or tipping that information to others; 

purchase, sell or donate any securities of another company while he or she is aware of any material nonpublic information concerning such other company which he or she learned in the course of his or her service as a Director or employee of the Company or recommend to another person that they do so; or 

disclose to any other person any material nonpublic information concerning another company which he or she learned in the course of his or her service as a Director or employee of the Company if such person may misuse that information, such as by purchasing or selling securities of such other company or tipping that information to others. 

(b)	 Application of Policy After Cessation of Service . If a person ceases to be a Director or employee of the Company at a time when he or she is aware of material nonpublic information concerning the Company, the prohibition on purchases, sales or donations of Company securities in Section 2.2(a) shall continue to apply to such person until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 2.3. Prohibition on Pledges and Margin Accounts . No person or entity covered by this Section 2 may purchase Company securities on margin, borrow against Company securities held in a margin account, or pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan. However, an exception may be granted where a person wishes to pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan and clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. Any person who wishes to pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan must submit a request for prior approval to the Chief Financial Officer. 

4 FH11678242.4 

2.4. Prohibition on Short Sales and Derivative Transactions . No person or entity covered by this Section 2 may engage in any of the following types of transactions: 

short sales of Company securities, including short sales against the box or 

purchases or sales of puts, calls or other derivative securities based on the Company s securities. 

3. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS APPLICABLE TO DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DESIGNATED EMPLOYEES 

3.1. Covered Persons . This Section 3 applies to: 

all Directors; 

all executive officers; 

such other employees as are designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer as being subject to this Section 3 the Designated Employees ); 

all family members of Directors, executive officers and Designated Employees who share the same address as, or are financially dependent on, the Director, executive officer or Designated Employee and any other person who shares the same address as the Director, executive officer or Designated Employee (other than (x) an employee or tenant of the Director, executive officer or Designated Employee or (y) another unrelated person whom the General Counsel determines should not be covered by this policy); and 

all corporations, partnerships, trusts or other entities controlled by any of the above persons, unless the entity has implemented policies or procedures designed to ensure that such person cannot influence transactions by the entity involving Company securities. 

5 FH11678242.4 

3.2. Blackout Periods . 

(a) Regular Blackout Periods . Except as provided in Section 4, no person or entity covered by this Section 3 may purchase, sell or donate any securities of the Company during the period beginning two weeks prior to the end of each fiscal quarter and ending upon the completion of one full trading day after the public release of earnings for such quarter (a regular blackout period ). For example, if the press release is distributed on Tuesday at 8:00 a.m., New York time, before the opening of the Nasdaq Global Market, the blackout period will end by the market opening on Wednesday morning. On the other hand, if the press release is not distributed until Tuesday at 11:00 a.m., the blackout period will not end until the market opening on Thursday morning, after one full trading day has elapsed. 

(b) Corporate News Blackout Periods . The Company may from time to time notify Directors, executive officers and other specified employees that an additional blackout period (a corporate news blackout period is in effect in view of significant events or developments involving the Company. In such event, except as provided in Section 4, no such individual may purchase, sell or donate any securities of the Company during such corporate news blackout period or inform anyone else that a corporate news blackout period is in effect. (In this policy, regular blackout periods and corporate news blackout periods arc each referred to as a blackout period 

3.3. Notice and Pre-Clearance of Transactions . 

(a) Pre-Transaction Clearance . No person or entity covered by this Section 3 (a Pre-Clearance Person may purchase or sell or otherwise acquire or dispose of securities of the Company, other than in a transaction permitted under Section 4, unless such person pre-clears the transaction with either the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. A request for pre-clearance shall be made in accordance with the procedures established by the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer shall have sole discretion to decide whether to clear any contemplated transaction. The Chief Executive Officer shall have sole discretion to decide whether to clear transactions by the Chief Financial Officer or persons or entities subject to this policy as a result of their relationship with the Chief Financial Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer shall have sole discretion to decide whether to clear transactions by the Chief Executive Officer or persons or entities subject to this policy as a result of their relationship with the Chief Executive Officer. All trades that are pre-cleared must be affected within five business days of receipt of the pre-clearance unless a specific exception has been granted by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. A pre-cleared trade (or any portion of a pre-cleared trade) that has not been effected during the five business day period must be pre-cleared again prior to execution. Notwithstanding receipt of pre-clearance, if the Pre-Clearance Person becomes aware of material non-public information or becomes subject to a blackout period before the transaction is effected, the transaction may not be completed. 

(b) Post-Transaction Notice . Each person or entity covered by this Section 3 who is subject to reporting obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall also notify the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer (or any designee of either such officer) of the occurrence of any purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of securities of the Company 

6 FH11678242.4 

as soon as possible following the transaction, but in any event within one business day after the transaction. Such notification may be oral or in writing (including by email) and should include the identity of the covered person, the type of transaction, the date of the transaction, the number of shares involved and the purchase or sale price. 

(c) Deemed Time of a Transaction . For purposes of this Section 3.3, a purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition shall be deemed to occur at the time the person becomes irrevocably committed to it (for example, in the case of an open market purchase or sale, this occurs when the trade is executed, not when it settles). 

4. EXCEPTIONS 

4.1. Exceptions . The prohibitions in Sections 2.2(a) and 3.2 on purchases and sales of Company securities do not apply to: 

exercises of stock options or other equity awards or the surrender of shares to the Company in payment of the exercise price or in satisfaction of any tax withholding obligations, in each case in a manner permitted by the applicable equity award agreement; provided , however , that the securities so acquired may not be sold (either outright or in connection with a cashless exercise transaction through a broker) while the employee or Director is aware of material nonpublic information or, in the case of someone who is subject to Section 3, during a blackout period; 

acquisitions or dispositions of Company common stock under the Company s 401(k) or other individual account plan which are made pursuant to standing instructions not entered into or modified while the employee or Director is aware of material nonpublic information or, in the case of someone who is subject to Section 3, during a blackout period; 

other purchases of securities from the Company or sales of securities to the Company; and 

purchases or sales made pursuant to a Trading Plan (as defined below) that is adopted and operated in compliance with Section 6 of this policy. 

4.2. Partnership Distributions . Nothing in this policy is intended to limit the ability of a venture capital partnership or other similar entity with which a Director is affiliated to distribute Company securities to its partners, members or other similar persons. It is the responsibility of each affected Director and the affiliated entity, in consultation with their own counsel (as appropriate), to determine the timing of any distributions, based on all relevant facts and circumstances and applicable securities laws. 

5. REGULATION BTR 

If the Company is required to impose a pension fund blackout period under Regulation BTR, each Director and executive officer shall not, directly or indirectly sell, purchase or otherwise transfer during such blackout period any equity securities of the Company acquired in 
 7 FH11678242.4 

connection with his or her service as a director or officer of the Company, except as permitted by Regulation BTR. 
 6. Rule 10B5 -1 Trading Plans 

6.1. Overview . 

Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will protect directors, executive officers and employees from insider trading liability under Rule 10b5-1 for transactions under a previously established contract, plan or instruction to trade in the Company s stock (a Trading Plan entered into in good faith and in accordance with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and all applicable state laws, and such Trading Plan will be exempt from the trading restrictions set forth in this policy. Persons entering into Trading Plans must act in good faith with respect to the Trading Plan throughout its duration. The initiation or termination of, and any modification to, any such Trading Plan will be deemed to be a transaction in the Company s securities so that any such initiation, termination or modification is subject to all the limitations and prohibitions relating to transactions in the Company s securities covered by this policy. Each such Trading Plan and each trading plan that does not satisfy the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, and any adoption, termination or modification thereof, must be submitted to and pre-approved by the Company s General Counsel, or any other person the Board of Directors may designate from time to time (each an Authorizing Officer ), who may impose such conditions on the implementation and operation of such plans as the Authorizing Officer deems necessary or advisable. However, compliance of a Trading Plan with the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the Trading Plan are the sole responsibility of the person initiating the Trading Plan, not the Company or the Authorizing Officer. 
 Trading Plans do not exempt individuals from complying with Section 16 short-swing profit rules or liability . 
 Rule 10b5-1 presents an opportunity for participants to establish arrangements so that they can subsequently sell (or purchase) Company stock during open trading windows and blackout periods, even during times when there is material non-public information. A Trading Plan may also help reduce negative publicity that may result when key executives sell the Company s stock. Rule 10b5-1 only provides an affirmative defense in the event there is an allegation of insider trading. It does not prevent another party from bringing a lawsuit or otherwise alleging that insider trading has occurred. 
 A Director, officer or employee may enter into a Trading Plan only when he or she is not in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company, and only during an open trading window period outside of a blackout period. Although transactions effected under a Trading Plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the trade, any transaction (including the quantity and price) made pursuant to a Trading Plan of a Section 16 reporting person must be reported to the Company promptly on the day of each trade to permit the the preparation and filing of a required Form 4 under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 The Company reserves the right from time to time to suspend, discontinue or otherwise prohibit any transaction in the Company s securities, even pursuant to a previously approved 
 8 FH11678242.4 

Trading Plan, if the Authorizing Officer or the Board of Directors, in its discretion, determines that such suspension, discontinuation or other prohibition is in the best interests of the Company. Any Trading Plan submitted for approval hereunder should explicitly acknowledge the Company s right to prohibit transactions in the Company s securities. Failure to discontinue purchases and sales as directed shall constitute a violation of the terms of this Section 6 and result in a loss of the exemption set forth herein. 
 Directors, executive officers and employees may adopt Trading Plans with brokers that outline a pre-set plan for trading of the Company s stock, including the exercise of options. Trades pursuant to a Trading Plan generally may occur at any time after a required cooling-off period described below in Section 6.3, subject to any requirement of the Company to avoid trading during specified days before regular announcements of quarterly results. 
 In addition, and except as otherwise permitted by Rule 10b5-1, an individual may not (1) have multiple outstanding Trading Plans or (2) during any 12-month period, enter into more than one single-trade Trading Plan. A single-trade Trading Plan is a plan which can result, or does result, in all of the shares subject to the plan being sold, or purchased, in a single trade. Whether a Trading Plan is a single-trade plan is evaluated and determined after the trading under the plan has occurred, not just prospectively. 
 6.2. Elements of a Trading Plan . 

Pursuant to Rule 10b5-1, an individual may establish a Trading Plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities in the open market, as follows: 
 (a) When not aware of any material non-public information concerning the Company, and provided that the individual has not terminated a Trading Plan in the prior 180 days (see Section 6.4) the individual enters into a binding contract to purchase or sell the securities, provides instructions to another person to sell or purchase the securities or adopts a written plan for trading the securities that is the Trading Plan. 
 (b) the Trading Plan must either: 
 Specify the amount of securities to be purchased or sold, the price at which the securities are to be purchased or sold, and the date or period of days when the securities are to be purchased or sold; 

include a written formula or algorithm or computer program for determining the amount, price and date/period of the transactions; or 

prohibit the individual from exercising any subsequent influence over how, when or whether to effect purchases or sales of the Company s stock under the Trading Plan in question. 

(c) any purchase or sale must occur pursuant to the Trading Plan and the individual must not enter into a corresponding hedging transaction or alter or deviate from the Trading Plan. 
 9 FH11678242.4 

(d) Trading Plans adopted by Directors and executive officers and employees of the Company are required to include representations by the respective director, executive officer or employee certifying that such director, executive officer or employee: 
 is not aware of material non-public information about the issuer or its securities, and 

is adopting the Trading Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. 

6.3. Cooling-Off Periods . 

Rule 10b5-1 and the Company require a cooling-off period between the establishment of a Trading Plan and commencement of any transactions under such plan. 
 
 (a) For Directors and the Company s executive officers and principal accounting officer, trading under a Trading Plan may not begin until the later of: (1) 90 days following the adoption or modification of a Trading Plan; or (2) two business days following the disclosure in certain periodic reports (Forms 10-Q, 10-K, 20-F or 6-K) of the Company s financial results for the fiscal quarter in which a Trading Plan was adopted or modified (but not to exceed 120 days following plan adoption or modification). 

(b) For all other persons (other than the Company), trading under a Trading Plan may not begin until 30 days after the adoption or modification of the Trading Plan. 

6.4. Termination of and Amendments to Trading Plans . 

Termination of or amendments to Trading Plans should occur only in unusual circumstances. Effectiveness of any such termination or amendment will be subject to the prior review and approval of an Authorizing Officer. Once a Trading Plan has been terminated, the participant should wait at least 30 days before trading outside of a Trading Plan and 180 days before establishing a new Trading Plan (and, in any event, the participant must comply with the cooling-off period requirements described above in connection with the adoption or modification of a Trading Plan, including any modification of a Trading Plan deemed to be the termination of such plan and the adoption of a new plan as described below). Termination of a Trading Plan can result in the loss of an affirmative defense for past or future transactions under a Trading Plan. Participants should consult with their own legal counsel before deciding to terminate a Trading Plan. In any event, participants should not assume that compliance with the 180-day bar will protect them from possible adverse legal consequences of a Trading Plan termination. 
 A person acting in good faith may amend an existing Trading Plan so long as such amendment is made outside of a blackout period and at a time when the Trading Plan participant does not possess material non-public information. A modification or change to a Trading Plan that impacts the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities (or a modification or change to a written formula or algorithm, or computer program that affects the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities) thereunder is deemed a 
 10 FH11678242.4 

termination of the original plan and the adoption of a new plan, subject to a new cooling-off period. 
 Under certain circumstances, a Trading Plan must be terminated. This may include circumstances such as the announcement of a merger or the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction either to violate the law or to have an adverse effect on the Company. The Authorizing Officer or administrator of the Company s stock plans is authorized to notify the broker in such circumstances, without any action of the participant. 
 6.5. Discretionary Plans . 

Although non-discretionary Trading Plans are preferred, discretionary Trading Plans, where the discretion or control over trading is transferred to a broker, are permitted only if pre approved by the Authorizing Officer. 
 The Authorizing Officer must pre-approve any Trading Plan, arrangement or trading instructions, etc., involving potential sales or purchases of the Company s stock , including but not limited to, blind trusts, discretionary accounts with banks or brokers, or limit orders. The actual transactions effected pursuant to a pre-approved Trading Plan will not be subject to further pre-clearance for transactions in the Company s stock once the Trading Plan or other arrangement has been pre-approved. 
 6.6. Options . 

Exercises of options for cash may be executed at any time. A cashless exercise of an option involves the sale of all or a portion of the underlying shares, which may be effected pursuant to a Trading Plan. If a broker is required to execute a cashless exercise in accordance with a Trading Plan, then the Company must have exercise forms attached to the Trading Plan that are signed, undated and with the number of shares to be exercised left blank. Once a broker determines to exercise the option and dispose of the shares in accordance with the Trading Plan, the broker will notify the Company in writing and the administrator of the Company s stock plans will fill in the number of shares and the date of exercise on the previously signed exercise form. The participant should not be involved with this part of the exercise. 
 6.7. Trades Outside of a Trading Plan . 

During an open trading window, trades differing from Trading Plan instructions that are already in place are allowed as long as the Trading Plan continues to be followed. 
 6.8. Public Disclosure . 

The Company may make a public announcement that Trading Plans are being implemented in accordance with Rule 10b5-1. It will consider in each case whether a public announcement of a particular Trading Plan should be made. It may also make public announcements or respond to inquiries from the media as transactions are made under a Trading Plan. In addition, the Company will provide the disclosures required pursuant to Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K regarding the adoption or termination of trading plans (whether or not they 
 11 FH11678242.4 

satisfy the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and including any modification of a Trading Plan deemed to be a termination of such plan and the adoption of a new Trading Plan) by directors and executive officers and the material terms of these plans including, without limitation: (i) the name and title of the Director or executive officer (including the principal accounting officer) adopting the plan; (ii) the date of adoption or termination of the plan; (iii) the duration of the plan; and (iv) the aggregate number of securities to be sold or purchased under the plan. The Company will also provide the disclosures required pursuant to Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K regarding this policy and, when required, will file a copy of this policy as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 6.9. Prohibited Transactions . 

The transactions prohibited under Sections 2.3 and 2.4 of this policy, including without limitation short sales and hedging transactions, may not be carried out through a Trading Plan or other arrangement or trading instruction involving potential sales or purchases of the Company s securities. 
 7. PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION 

Violation of any of the foregoing rules is grounds for disciplinary action by the Company, including termination of employment. 
 8. COMPANY EDUCATION AND ASSISTANCE 

8.1. Education . The Company shall take reasonable steps designed to ensure that all Directors and employees of the Company are educated about, and periodically reminded of, the federal securities law restrictions and Company policies regarding insider trading. 

8.2. Assistance . The Company shall provide reasonable assistance to all Directors and executive officers, as requested by such Directors and executive officers, in connection with the filing of Forms 3, 4 and 5 under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. However, the ultimate responsibility, and liability, for timely filing remains with the Directors and executive officers. 

Limitation on Liability . None of the Company, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Authorized Officer, or the Company s other employees will have any liability for any delay in reviewing, or refusal of, a request to allow a pledge submitted pursuant to Section 2.3, a request for pre-clearance submitted pursuant to Section 3.3(a) or a Trading Plan submitted pursuant to Section 6. Notwithstanding any pre-clearance of a transaction pursuant to Section 3.3(a) or review of a Trading Plan pursuant to Section 6, none of the Company, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or the Company s other employees assumes any liability for the legality or consequences of such transaction or Trading Plan to the person engaging in or adopting such transaction or Trading Plan. 
 
 12 FH11678242.4 

9. Execution and Return of Certification of Compliance 

After reading this policy, all officers and employees should execute and return to the Company s Human Resources Department, and all Directors should execute and return to the Company s General Counsel, the Certification of Compliance form attached hereto as Attachment A . 

13 FH11678242.4 

Attachment A 
 
 Certification of Compliance 
 
 Return By [	] 
 
 TO:		[NAME], [TITLE] 
 FROM: 
 
 RE:	SECURITIES TRADING POLICY OF ENANTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 I have received, reviewed and understand the above-referenced Securities Trading Policy and undertake, as a condition to my present and continued employment (or, if I am not an employee, affiliation with) Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained therein. 
 I hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that during the calendar year ending December 31, 20[__], I have complied fully with all policies and procedures set forth in the above-referenced Securities Trading Policy. 
 						 	 						 
 SIGNATURE						DATE 

TITLE 
 
 14 FH11678242.4 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 enta-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

NAME 
 
 PARENT 
 
 STATE OR COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION 

Enanta Pharmaceuticals Security Corporation 
 
 Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 enta-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-275723) and on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-189217, 333-192935, 333-202257, 333-209542, 333-215011, 333-221988, 333-231375, 333-231384, 333-255957, 333-264794, 333-273800, and 333-279217) of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. of our report dated November 27, 2024 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 27, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 enta-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 240.13a-14 or 240.15d-14 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 I, Jay R. Luly, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 

Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 enta-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 240.13a-14 or 240.15d-14 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 I, Paul J. Mellett, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Paul J. Mellett 

Paul J. Mellett Chief Financial and Administrative Office r 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 enta-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Periodic Financial Report 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Each of the undersigned officers of Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company certifies, to his knowledge and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2024 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enanta. 
 
 Dated: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 

Jay R. Luly, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Paul J. Mellett 

Paul J. Mellett 

Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 14
 enta-ex97_1.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

Exhibit 97.1 
 Enanta pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED Compensation Clawback Policy 
 (Effective as of October 2, 2023) 
 1. Purpose and Administration. Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company has adopted this amended and restated compensation clawback policy (the Policy to provide for the recovery of certain executive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with federal securities laws. This Policy shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. The determinations of the Board need not be uniform among affected individuals, and all determinations by the Board shall be final, conclusive and binding on all affected individuals. This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

2. Effective Date. This Policy shall be effective as of October 2, 2023, and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive on or after the later of (i) October 2, 2023, and (ii) the date on which such individual became a Covered Executive. 

3. Covered Executives. This Policy applies to all of the Company s current and former executive officers, and such other employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board (each, a Covered Executive in accordance with the Final Rules. For purposes of this Policy, an executive officer means an officer as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 

4. Incentive-Based Compensation. For purposes of this Policy, the term Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed to include any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested, in whole or in part, based upon the attainment of any financial reporting measure, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Financial reporting measures include (i) measures that have been determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used to prepare the Company s financial statements; (ii) measures derived from such financial reporting measures, either in whole or in part; and (iii) stock price and total shareholder return. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation does not include annual salary, compensation awarded based on completion of a specified period of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective standards, strategic measures, or operational measures. 

5. Financial Restatement; Recovery. In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws (a Restatement ), the Board shall, reasonably promptly, recover the amount of any Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received by the Covered Executive had it been determined based on the Restatement during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare such Restatement (or such other period as may be required by the Final Rules in the event of a change in the Company s fiscal year). 

The amount to be recovered will be the excess of (i) the Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data in the original financial statements over (ii) the Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been received by the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, without respect to any taxes paid, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. The 

method of recovering Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy shall be determined by the Board in accordance with the Final Rules. The Board shall seek recovery of any such Incentive-Based Compensation except to the extent such recovery would, in the determination of the Board, be impracticable under the standards set forth in the Final Rules. 
 6. No Indemnification. The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of compensation that the Board has determined should be recovered under this Policy, and shall not pay or reimburse any Covered Executives for premiums for any insurance policy to fund such executive s potential recovery obligations. 

7. Other Recovery Rights. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement or any other legal remedies available to the Company. 

8. Amendment and Termination. The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and such rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed (collectively, the Final Rules ). The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 enta-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

