<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-K_edgar_data_1667313_0001213900-24-091735.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9029344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>382218</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2030315</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1978883</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2151444</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2270261</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-091735.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029161649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-091735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zedge, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001667313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				263199071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37782
		FILM NUMBER:		241405943

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-577-3424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1450, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-091735.txt : 20241029

10-K
 1
 ea0218596-10k_zedge.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered American 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the adjusted closing price on January 31, 2024 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common stock of 3.26 per share, as reported on the New
York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

As of October 28, 2024, the registrant had outstanding
 shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Index 

Zedge, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 44 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

PART II 
 
 45 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 64 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 64 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 64 

PART III 
 
 65 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and Corporate Governance 
 65 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 65 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 
 
 66 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

SIGNATURES 
 
 68 

i 

PART I 

As used in this Annual Report, unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Zedge, we, us, and our 
refer to Zedge, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Our fiscal year runs from August 1 through July 31.
Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal
2024 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024). 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

Zedge builds digital marketplaces and friendly
competitive games around content that people use to express themselves. Our leading products include Zedge Ringtones and Wallpapers, which
we refer to as our Zedge App, a freemium digital content marketplace offering mobile phone wallpapers, video wallpapers,
ringtones, and notification sounds as well as pAInt, a generative AI wallpaper maker, GuruShots, a skill-based photo challenge game, and
Emojipedia, the #1 trusted source for all things emoji . Our vision is to enable and connect creators who enjoy friendly
competitions with a community of prospective consumers in order to drive commerce. 

We are part of the Creator Economy, 
which Goldman Sachs estimates is worth 250 billion globally. 1 According to Linktree, over 200 million individuals identify
as creators, people who use their influence, skill, and creativity to amass an audience and monetize it. 2 Furthermore, Influencer
Marketing Hub reports that out of 2,000 surveyed creators, 44.9 identify as full-time creators, 3 and Exploding Topics reports
that 10 of influencers earn more than 100,000 per year. 4 We view the Creator Economy as an opportunity for Zedge to expand
our business, especially as we execute by connecting our gamers with our marketplace. 

Our Zedge App (which is named Zedge Wallpapers in the
App Store) offers a wide array of mobile personalization content including wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, and notification sounds,
and is available both in Google Play and the App Store. As of July 31, 2024, our Zedge App had been installed nearly 674 million times
since inception and, over the past two fiscal years, has had between 26.1 million and 32.2 million monthly active users MAU ),
ending with 26.1 million MAU as of July 31, 2024. MAU is a key performance indicator KPI for our Zedge App that captures
the number of unique users that used our Zedge App during the final 30 days of the relevant period. Our platform allows creators to upload
content to our marketplace and avail it to our users either for free or, via Zedge Premium, the section of our marketplace
where we offer premium content for purchase. In turn, our users utilize the content to personalize their phones and express their individuality. 

In fiscal 2023, we introduced pAInt, a generative
AI wallpaper maker in the Zedge App. A generative AI wallpaper maker is an implementation of artificial intelligence software that can
create images from text descriptions. To interface with a generative AI image maker, a user enters a text description of the image they
want to create, and the software generates an image based on that description. In addition, we upgraded Zedge+, our paid subscription
offering by bundling together an ad-free experience with value adds making the offering more compelling. 

We often refer to our freemium ringtones and wallpapers,
our subscription offering, the functionality for creators to market their products and ancillary offering and features both in our Zedge
App and website, as our Zedge Marketplace. 

The Zedge Marketplace s monetization stack
consists of advertising revenue generated when users view advertisements when using the Zedge App (and the related functionality under
the zedge.net website), the in-app sale of Zedge Credits, our virtual currency, that is used to purchase Zedge Premium content, and a
paid-subscription offering that provides an ad-free experience to users that purchase a monthly or annual subscription. In April 2023,
we introduced a subscription tier in the iOS version of the app. As of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 669,0000 active subscribers. 

1 https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2024-01-08/creator-influencer-economy-2024-predictions-social-media-stars 

2 https://linktr.ee/creator-report 

3 https://influencermarketinghub.com/creator-earnings-benchmark-report 

4 https://explodingtopics.com/blog/creator-economy-stats# 

1 

In April 2022, we acquired GuruShots Ltd GuruShots a recognized category leader focused on gamifying the photography vertical. GuruShots offers a platform spanning iOS, Android, and the
web that provides a fun, educational and structured way for amateur photographers to compete in a wide variety of contests showcasing
their photos while gaining recognition with votes, badges, and awards. We estimate that the total addressable market of amateur photographers
using their smartphones to take and publicly share artistic photos is 30-40 million people per month and that the market is still in its
infancy. Every month, GuruShots stages more than 300 competitions that result in players uploading in excess of 670,000 photographs and
casting close to 3.2 billion perceived votes, which are calculated by multiplying the number of votes that each player casts
by a weighting factor based on various factors related to that user. To improve engagement, GuruShots has adopted a set of retention dynamics
focused on individual, team and community dynamics that create a sense of belonging, inspiration, recognition, improvement, and competition. 

GuruShots utilizes a Free-to-Play 
business model and generates revenue through in-app purchases of virtual currency. Players can use this currency to unlock competitions
or gain an edge by purchasing resources and participating in additional gameplay. Over the past seven years, the monthly average paying
player spend has increased in excess of 9.9 annually to more than 50.9 per player. 

In fiscal 2024, we revamped GuruShots customer
onboarding experience by guiding new players through simplified photo competitions of limited size and duration. The upgrade was designed
to enhance the gaming experience for new players by increasing their potential for winning and providing immediate gratification. The
new onboarding has shown improvements in engagement, retention, and revenue from new users. In addition, we migrated to a coin-based economy
with multiple currencies in order to enable more players to earn and spend their currency on in-game resources. 

We market GuruShots to prospective players, primarily
via paid user acquisition channels, and utilize a host of creative formats including static and video ads in order to promote the game.
Our marketing team invests material resources in analyzing all attributes of a campaign ranging from, among others, the creative assets,
offer acquisition channel and platform (i.e., iOS, Android, and web), with the goal of determining whether a specific campaign is likely
to yield a profitable customer. When we unearth a successful combination of these variables we scale up until we experience diminishing
returns. Ultimately, we believe that the efforts we are making to advance the product coupled with the investment in user acquisition
can significantly increase GuruShots player base. 

Since the start of fiscal 2025, Cost per Install (CPI) have trended
down considerably leading us to believe that our efforts are yielding fruit. It s too early to say with conviction whether this
trend is sustainable as we scale user acquisition and whether these users will provide sufficient long-term ROI; however, we believe that
these early results are encouraging. 

Beyond our commitment to growing both the Zedge
App and GuruShots on a standalone basis, we believe that there are many potential synergies that we can capitalize on that exist between
the two businesses. Specifically, we plan to enable GuruShots players to become Zedge Premium artists and sell their photos to our audience
of 25+ million MAU (as of July 31, 2024) as standard digital images. In addition, we are benefitting from the experience that the GuruShots
team possesses in gamifying the Zedge App. We believe that successful gamification can contribute to increasing engagement, retention,
and lifetime value, all critical KPIs for our business. Longer term, we believe that there are complementary content verticals that lend
themselves to gamification. One example is our hybrid casual title, AI Art Master, which has been in soft-launch in the
Philippines, Poland, and India, that enables players to create generative AI images and compete in themed-based competitions with these
images. Based on analyzing user data and performing extensive user testing, we will determine whether to refine the user experience and
scale or cease development of this title. 

2 

In August 2021, we acquired Emojipedia Pty Ltd Emojipedia ), the world s leading authority dedicated to providing up-to-date and well-researched emoji definitions,
information, and news, as well as World Emoji Day and the annual World Emoji Awards. In July 2024, Emojipedia received approximately 37.6
million monthly page views and has approximately 9.6 million monthly active users as of July 31, 2024 of which approximately 46.7 are
located in well-developed markets. It is the top resource for all things emoji, offering insights into data and cultural trends. As a
member of the Unicode Consortium, the standards body responsible for approving new emojis, Emojipedia works alongside major emoji creators
including Apple, Google, Meta, and X, formerly known as Twitter. 

We believe that Emojipedia provides growth potential
to the Zedge App, and it was immediately accretive to earnings post acquisition in August 2021. In the past year, we have made many changes
to Emojipedia including overhauling its backend, redesigning the Emojipedia website, and introducing new entertainment-focused features
to the site. We will continue to enhance this offering and are exploring additional new features which use artificial intelligence, some
of which will be released before the end of the calendar year. 

Our Strategy 

Our vision is to provide tools that enable easy
and high-quality digital content creation, connect the creators together with friendly competitions and expose the content to communities
of prospective consumers in order to drive commerce. 

Our Strategic Flywheel 

Our long-term strategy calls for creating and
supporting a flywheel that leverages the synergies of content creation, gaming and marketplaces by empowering consumers with easy-to-use
content creation utilities whose output can be used to engage across a multitude of online and mobile platforms including social networks,
messaging, and gaming as well as for commerce purposes. This is unlike the existing dynamic that many gaming platforms offer to players,
who can create and sell virtual goods that are valuable only within the context of that particular ecosystem. Although the foundation
of our strategy is currently centered around the Zedge Marketplace and GuruShots, over time we expect to expand into other content verticals
that have relevance beyond gameplay. 

Using our current products as an example, GuruShots
is a skill-based game that attracts creators (mainly, amateur photographers) with friendly photo competitions in which they compete to
gain recognition and pedigree. We believe that adding the ability to sell their content to Zedge Marketplace s 25+ million MAU is
an attractive benefit that enables players not only to have fun, but also to earn money while doing so. This dual purpose will likely
improve user growth, engagement, retention, and monetization while simultaneously expanding our relevance to a broader community interested
in high-quality photographs. If our strategy is correct, we will have a flywheel that drives the aforementioned KPIs while also enabling
us to expand into new verticals (through internal development or acquisition), gamify them, and add new content to our marketplace. 

Executing this strategy calls for concentrating
our efforts on the following goals: 

Invest
in growing our user base and improving profitably . We expect to continue devoting resources to growing our user base profitably by: 

analyzing user demographics to identify key segments that yield the highest profitability and quickest return on ad spend (ROAS); 

3 

testing to determine which user segments are most responsive to new offerings and crafting targeted marketing strategies based on those insights; 

studying our users needs and enhancing our products to align with the preferences of our most profitable segments; 

developing and offering new features and services that are attractive to both new and existing users; 

investing in paid user acquisition campaigns that yield profitable customers, based on empirical data and focused, primarily, on well-developed markets; and 

exploring crossover marketing opportunities between user segments to maximize reach and engagement; 

expanding our reach by collaborating with strategic partners. 

Improve
monetization . Continue developing monetization methods that will help us grow, including
advancements of the in-app economy, subscription models, e-commerce, and new advertising products, implementations, and optimizations.
For example, in fiscal 2024 we revamped our subscription offering and have experienced growth as a result of this overhaul. We believe
that our products and customer base are attractive to advertisers, brands, artists, and players and will yield new monetization opportunities.
In addition, we expect that we will be able to capitalize on cross marketing our suite of products to this customer base. 

Continue
to invest in product and technology investment in and across our product suite . We plan to make continued, selected investments in product feature
sets and functionality in order to both maintain our existing user base and attract new users. In addition, we envision applying our product
expertise to verticals that we currently do not have in our portfolio. For example, we launched pAInt, our generative AI wallpaper maker
in late 2022 in order to avail our consumers with the ability of becoming creators. 

Better
utilize data to improve user acquisition and customer engagement . We plan to better utilize data to improve the user experience,
scale profitable user acquisition and improve the use of our product through personalized recommendations and content feeds, enhanced
search and content discovery, and optimized pricing. We have benefitted from the investment we have made in our data and business analytics
teams enabling us to make data driven decisions in shortened timeframes and also expand the number of A/B tests that we use to compare
various product changes. 

Build
our marketplace into a compelling platform for artists and creators . Our goal is to build our marketplace into one that artists view
as prioritizing their needs and addressing all aspects of their marketing and revenue generation goals including, but not limited to,
ease in managing their virtual storefront, promotion, education, reporting, and distribution. 

Increase
our marketing efforts . We use our full-stack marketing team to scale user acquisition--both
paid and organic--invest in building and/or buying data analytic tools that provide valuable insights into our marketing initiatives and
focus on the evolving fields of search engine optimization and app store optimization. We have also invested resources to improve product
marketing with the goal of driving engagement and retention. Finally, we have utilized AI to quickly and efficiently create many different
creatives in order to attract new customers. 

Diversify
our revenue stack . Historically, the majority of our revenue has been derived from advertising. We plan to continue diversifying
our revenue streams by advancing our existing subscription offering, optimizing the newly introduced coin-based economy in GuruShots,
and introducing advertising into GuruShots. Furthermore, we expect to continue testing our print on demand offering. We also have a set
of product initiatives specific to Emojipedia that will enable new revenue streams from this asset. 

Selectively
pursue strategic investments, partnerships, and acquisitions . On a selective basis, we will look to invest in, partner with, or purchase
entities that can provide synergistic growth opportunities for our Zedge Marketplace and otherwise. For example, in April 2022 we acquired
GuruShots and in August 2021 we acquired Emojipedia. Each of these acquisitions offers new growth opportunities both on a stand-alone
basis as well as on an integrated and synergistic basis that we believe can impact our business in a materially positive fashion. 

4 

Our Competitive Advantages 

We believe that the following competitive strengths
will drive the growth of our business: 

Large,
global customer base . We benefit from having a large customer base. As of July 31, 2024, the Zedge App had 26.1 million MAU, of which
approximately 21.1 were in well-developed markets and 78.9 were in emerging markets. Typically, customers in well-developed markets
monetize at a material premium when compared to those in emerging markets. The Android version of the Zedge App is available
in 17 languages and Emojipedia is available in 19 languages. We possess a highly diversified portfolio of content and attribute this
in part to our global reach which makes us attractive to creators interested in meeting various customer tastes and preferences. In addition,
our diverse customer base attracts advertisers seeking customers that have adequate disposable income to purchase their products and
services. Our Zedge Marketplace s large customer base is also a draw to artists and brands looking to market their content to a
critical mass of users. 

Leading
global provider of mobile personalization content . The Zedge App has a global customer base of approximately 26 million MAU as of
July 31, 2024, enabling users to easily personalize their mobile phones with a wide variety of free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers,
notification sounds, video wallpapers, custom app icons (only available for iOS), as well as create bespoke wallpapers with pAInt, our
generative AI wallpaper maker. We believe that the Zedge Marketplace is well positioned for continued leadership in the personalization
space. 

Deep
Knowledge of Gaming . We have leaders with years of experience in building and operating games of skill across digital platforms including
iOS, Android, and web. We intimately understand game design, onboarding, game mechanics, LiveOps, feedback loops, in-game resource balancing,
scarcity, and how to make a game fun, challenging, and fair. 

Extensive
Experience Combining Gaming and a Real-World Activity. We have years of experience in combining game dynamics with a real-world activity.
In the case of GuruShots the real-world activity is photography. Successfully combining these is non-trivial and requires a great deal
of expertise and understanding that the team has acquired over the years. 

High-quality
products . We do our best to provide our customers with high-quality products and superior user experiences. We prioritize our customers 
needs and believe that this focus is critical for our long-term growth and expansion. We invest significant resources in product development,
design, and usability. We beta test product enhancements extensively and closely monitor customer feedback to ensure that we meet users 
needs. To date, our Zedge App has received more than 15 million reviews in Google Play where it boasts a 4.7 star rating out of a maximum
of 5 stars. GuruShots has a 4.4-star rating in the App Store albeit from a universe of several thousand reviews. 

Human
Capital . We have a team of highly experienced professionals that take pride and ownership in their work product. Our diverse employee
base is passionate about our product suite and its mission to make our strategy a reality. Our culture is founded on respect and empowerment
which are critical in light of us having offices in four different countries with a hybrid in-person work attendance policy. We strive
to create an environment where our employees can be autonomous and creative. Our people possess deep expertise in product design and
management, development, marketing, monetization, data and analytics and operations. 

Management
team . We have an experienced management team with longstanding tenure with the company and deep knowledge of the mobile app landscape
who are highly focused on execution. Our core management team possesses a solid understanding of the mobile app industry, product design
and development, operations, and monetization. Collectively, our management team has a proven ability in building and scaling a business
and pursuing opportunities with a manageable risk profile. 

Large
and diverse content catalog . Our large and diverse catalog of content includes wallpapers, ringtones,
notification sounds, video wallpapers, photographs, and emojis. With artists and contributors spanning the globe, we have assembled a
vast array of both user generated and licensed content to meet the needs of our users. 

5 

Scalable
and Reliable Technology and infrastructure . Our products are built upon scalable technology and infrastructure that reliably serves
tens of millions of MAU, globally. We use a combination of off-the-shelf and proprietary technologies and infrastructure solutions that
scale efficiently to meet the needs of our large customer base. 

Competition 

We face competition in all aspects of our business
and especially from other digital marketplaces and gaming companies. In running our business, we compete for: 

Consumers.
 We compete for consumers leisure time, attention, and spending versus alternative forms of entertainment that are available
to them as well as against online platforms and marketplaces that offer utility and content for mobile phone personalization. 

Content
creators . There are many online platforms that offer content creators an ecosystem in which they can make their content available
to consumers. Some of these platforms may have better incentives, paid or other, that may potentially make them more attractive than
our marketplace. 

Advertisers .
We face significant competition in securing spend from advertisers. 

Other
Game Developers . Game developers that offer engaging and interesting games. These competitors, many of whom we may not be aware of,
may be more proficient at capitalizing on user acquisition channels in order to gain access to large user bases and their network effects
to expand virally and quickly. 

Alternative
options and products for mobile personalization, generative AI image creation, games and emojis . There are many other marketplaces
and platforms that offer mobile personalization content, generative AI creation tools, games, and emoji resources, some of whom are better
funded than we are. We believe that we possess a competitive advantage because of our: 

large
user base; 

one-stop
shop approach to mobile personalization and creation features, which avails customers with a wide array of ringtones, wallpapers,
notification sounds, and video wallpapers within the same Android app; 

flexibility
that allows the customer to selectively choose what they would like to personalize without handing over the core elements of the native
operating system to a third party and overwhelming the user with a myriad of complex options; 

large
content catalog; 

recognized
and well-respected brands; 

proprietary
recommendation engine; and 

market
ranking and longevity. 

Rapid-Paced and Changing World of Mobile App Development . The mobile app ecosystem changes quickly and regularly with new apps capturing massive audiences competing for consumers time, mindshare, and money. This is an ongoing competitive threat requiring us to do our best to adapt as necessary to remain relevant and meaningful. 

6 

Our History 

In 2003, Tom Arnoy, Kenneth Sundnes, and Paul
Shaw launched a consumer website at www.zedge.net that people used to upload and download ringtones. 

In December 2006, IDT Corporation acquired 90 
of Zedge. Zedge Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2008, and our name was changed to Zedge, Inc. in 2016. 

In 2016, IDT Corporation spun off our stock to its stockholders, and
our Class B common stock was listed on the NYSE American with the ticker symbol ZDGE . 

In March 2018, we completed the launch of Zedge
Premium, a section of our marketplace where artists can launch a virtual store and market, distribute, and sell their digital content,
including wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, and notification sounds to our users. 

In January 2019, we started offering freemium
Zedge App Android users the ability to convert into paying subscribers in exchange for removing unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge
App. As of July 31, 2023, we had approximately 638,000 active subscribers. In April 2023, we introduced a subscription tier in the iOS
version of the app. 

In August 2021, we acquired Emojipedia, the world s
leading authority dedicated to providing up-to-date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news as well as World Emoji
Day and the annual World Emoji Awards. 

In April 2022, we acquired GuruShots, a recognized
category leader that fuses photography with mobile gaming. GuruShots, headquartered in Israel, offers a platform spanning iOS, Android,
and the web that gamifies photography by providing a fun, educational, and structured way for amateur photographers essentially
anyone with a mobile phone to compete in a wide variety of contests showcasing their photos while gaining recognition with votes,
badges, and awards. On a monthly basis, GuruShots users currently cast more than 3 billion perceived votes in more than
300 competitions. GuruShots currently generates revenue from selling digital resources that, if used skillfully, can provide additional
visibility to competitors photographs, a critical factor in securing votes for competitive ranking. 

In December 2022, we introduced pAInt 
our generative AI wallpaper maker within the Zedge App. pAInt enables users to create high quality images by typing a brief description
of what they are interested in and tuning with different style types. 

Our Technology 

Our ecosystem is powered by a scalable distributed
platform that comprises both open source and proprietary technologies centered on content management and discovery, web and app development,
data science and analytics, deep learning, mobile content/device compatibility, advertising/marketing tech, and reporting. We have built
a robust platform that allows us to ideate, test, analyze, and launch where warranted by the outcome. We enhanced our users content creation
options with generative AI models, we embraced machine learning, including AI and LLM throughout our technology stack in order to improve
content recommendations and relevancy. From an end user s perspective, our platform minimizes response latency while factoring in
cost and focuses on key areas including content creation, relevancy and discoverability. We optimize our platform by utilizing systems,
algorithms, and heuristics that organize our content based on real user data and that renders the content in a relevant fashion. We focus
on delivering the highest quality content to users while minimizing our infrastructure costs on used bandwidth. With GuruShots, we have
added open source and proprietary technologies around gamification, including ranking algorithms that ensure fair exposure to all content
in a competition, and real-time voting/ranking functionality at scale, and a personal competition recommendations system based on users 
photos and historical activity. Our infrastructure provides a fully redundant production environment in a cloud-hosted, virtual-server
environment. 

Intellectual Property 

Our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, proprietary
technology, know-how, and other intellectual property are vital to our success. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state, and common law rights in the United States and other countries, as well as contractual restrictions. We enter
into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our employees and business partners. The agreements we enter into with our employees
also provide that all software, inventions, developments, works of authorship, and trade secrets created by them during the course of
their employment are our property. 

7 

We have been granted trademark protection for
 Zedge in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, India, and Canada, We Make Phones Personal, and Zedge,
Everything You, Tattoo Your Phone, Shortz Chat Stories By Zedge, and NFTs Made Easy in
United States and a stylized D logo in the European Union, United Kingdom, the United States, and Canada. We also have
applied for trademark protection for pAInt, and Zedge pAInt in the United States, a stylized D 
logo in India, and have obtained a copyright registration for our flagship app, Zedge. In addition, we have registered, amongst others,
the following domain names: www.zedge.net and www.zedge.com. 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired Emojipedia. As
part of this acquisition, we acquired trademark registrations for Emojipedia in the United States, the European Union, the
United Kingdom, and Australia, and trademark registrations for World Emoji Day in the United States and the United Kingdom.
We also acquired the following domain name registrations: www.emojipedia.com and www.emojipedia.org. 

On April 12, 2022, we acquired GuruShots Ltd. As part of this acquisition,
we acquired all intellectual property rights associated with, and encompassed within the GuruShots mobile and web-based applications,
including the following domain name: GuruShots.com. In addition, we have obtained trademark registrations for GuruShots 
in the United States, applied for trademark protection for GuruShots in Canada, India, the European Union and the United
Kingdom, and have obtained copyright registrations for the GuruShots mobile and web-based applications. 

Human Capital 

Our headcount totaled 99 as of July 31, 2024. 

Facilities 

We do not maintain office space in the United States in light of having
a small domestic team. We address certain aspects of our commercial operations, including accounting and finance, and business development
from the New York area. We maintain leased facilities in Trondheim, Norway and Vilnius, Lithuania that accommodate our product, design,
monetization, marketing and technology teams, and in Tel Aviv, Israel that accommodates members of both the GuruShots and Zedge teams.
Our servers are hosted in leased data centers in different geographic locations in the United States. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions about competition. The trading price of our Class B common
stock could decline due to any of these risks. 

Risk Factor Summary 

Our business operations
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our business, financial condition
or operating results to be harmed, including, but not limited to, risks regarding the following: 

We
offer a suite of freemium apps and we may not be successful in adding new users or in retaining existing users, or if our users decrease
their level of engagement with our products or do not make optional purchases of tokens, resources, or content, or convert into paying
subscribers and renew their paid subscriptions our revenue, financial results and business may be significantly harmed. 

We
may not be successful in acquiring a sufficient number of users that become purchasers or retain existing users who generate profitable
revenue for our apps. 

8 

We
may not manage our in-app economy well and as a result, disincentivize users from making in-app purchases. Any failure to do so could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
 we are unable to compete for advertisers or if advertisers reduce their spend with us, our
 revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
digital advertising market may deteriorate or develop more slowly than expected, which could materially harm our business and results
of operations. 

A
material amount of our revenue is generated from a limited number of geographies and third-party advertising demand partners. Any change
to this mix could result in negatively impacting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
apps user base is heavily weighted to the Android operating system and our revenues and profitability may suffer if the market
demand for Android smartphones decreases. 

We
rely on third-party platforms, such as the iOS App Store, Meta, and Google Play Store, to distribute our apps and collect revenues generated
on these platforms. If these platforms adopt policies including those relating to advertising, privacy, or monetization that are counter
to our strategy it could result in materially and adversely affecting our business. 

Zedge
Premium, the section of our marketplace where we offer premium content (i.e., for purchase), may not yield the strategic goals and objectives
that we envision, and our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely negatively affected. 

If
we fail to maintain and enhance our various brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations
and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth or implement our future business strategies, in which case our business and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

If
we fail to keep up with rapid technological changes in the internet and smartphone industries and adapt our products and services accordingly,
our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected. 

We
have offices and other significant operations located in Lithuania, Israel, and Norway, and, therefore, our results may be adversely
affected by political, economic and military instability in these countries. 

A key component of our growth strategy involves the adoption and utilization of artificial intelligence (AI), which introduces certain risks. 

Failure to detect or prevent fraudulent activities on our platform could cause users to lose confidence in our products and harm our business. 

The GuruShots acquisition may fail to yield growth opportunities and achieve beneficial synergies. 

Data
privacy and security laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business subject us to possible sanctions, civil lawsuits
(including class action or similar representative lawsuits) and other penalties in the event of non-compliance, additionally the need
to observe these regulations increases the cost of doing business and these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Compliance
failure either by us or our partners, or vendors could harm our business. 

New
laws may impact our business, such as those affecting artificial intelligence and efforts by lawmakers in various jurisdictions to regulate
providers of certain online services which may apply to our business and therefore introduce additional compliance obligations and potential
sanctions and penalties for failings in these areas. Monitoring (and, if applicable, complying with) these developments is likely to
increase the cost of doing business and any failure to comply with new laws may harm our business and reputation. 

9 

Our
business depends on our ability to collect and effectively use data to serve relevant advertising, deliver suitable content, and identify
appropriate customer prospects, and any limitation on the collection and use of this data could significantly diminish the value of our
services, cause us to lose clients, make us less attractive to prospective customers and revenues. 

Any
significant system or network disruption or cyberattack could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and results of
operations. 

We
are controlled by our majority stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

Certain of our offerings are sensitive to consumer
spending and economic conditions. 

Consumer purchases of discretionary retail items
and specialty retail products, as well as participation in gallery events, may be adversely affected by national and regional economic,
market and other conditions such as employment levels, salary and wage levels, the availability of consumer credit, inflation, high interest
rates, high tax rates, high fuel prices, the threat of a pandemic or other health crisis and consumer confidence with respect to current
and future economic, market and other conditions. Consumer purchases may decline during recessionary periods or at other times when unemployment
is higher or disposable income is lower. Consumer willingness to make discretionary purchases may decline, may stall or may be slow to
increase due to national and regional economic conditions. There remains considerable uncertainty and volatility in the national and global
economy. Further or future slowdowns or disruptions in the economy, market and other conditions could adversely affect us and our business
strategy. We may not be able to sustain or increase our current net sales if there is a decline in consumer spending. 

We offer a suite of freemium apps and we may
not be successful in adding new users or in retaining existing users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products
or do not make optional purchases of tokens, coins, resources, or content, or convert into paying subscribers and renew their paid subscriptions
our revenue, financial results and business may be significantly harmed. 

The size of our user base and our users 
level of engagement and paid conversion are fundamental to our success. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be dependent
on our ability to successfully add new users, retain and engage existing users and convert them into paying users and/or subscribers.
We expect that the size of our user base will fluctuate or decline in one or more markets from time to time. If consumers and/or creators
do not perceive our products as useful, effective, entertaining, reliable, and/or trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or keep users
or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement or the percentage of users that are converted into or
remain paying subscribers. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a decline in our user base or engagement levels. User engagement
can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services, and as various privacy regulations
evolve. Any number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, engagement and conversion, including if: 

users
opt to utilize other competitive products or services instead of our own; 

user
behavior changes with respect to our products and services resulting in a decrease of engagement and/or session time; 

users
decrease their engagement, session time, or uninstall our apps because they feel their experience is diminished due to product decisions
that we make with respect to introducing new features, feature enhancements, an/or monetization techniques; 

users
become concerned about our user data practices or other matters related to privacy, security and the sharing of user data; 

10 

users
are no longer willing to pay for subscriptions or in-app purchases or we are unable to increase the price of our subscriptions or in-app
purchases; 

users
have difficulty installing, updating or otherwise accessing our products and services as a result of our actions or those of third parties
that we rely on to distribute our products and deliver our services; 

we
fail to introduce new features, products or services that users find engaging or enhance the existing products and services with improvements
that users are interested in; 

we
are unable to acquire users through cost-effective marketing efforts, including both organic and paid channels; 

we
are unable attract sufficient new paying users to offset and exceed those lost through natural churn thus making it more difficult to
maintain and grow revenues; 

initiatives
designed to attract and maintain users and increase engagement are unsuccessful because of errors that we make or policies instituted
by third parties that we use to distribute our products or deliver our services; 

third-party
initiatives that may enable greater use of our products, including low-cost or discounted data plans, are discontinued; 

we
adopt terms, policies or procedures related to areas such as privacy, user data, content ownership, or monetization techniques that are
received negatively by our users or creators; 

we
fail to combat inappropriate or abusive activity on our platforms; 

we
are unable to offer relevant content to our users; 

we
fail to provide adequate support for our users and creators; 

there
are outages or other technical problems that result in making our products and services inaccessible, unreliable or that result in a
poor user experience; 

there
are actions by governments that affect accessibility to our products and services in any market; or 

there
are regulations and/or litigation that result in users not accepting our terms of use because of measures that we have taken in order
to ensure compliance. 

Certain of these factors have, at various times,
negatively impacted user and creator growth, MAU and engagement. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement,
our revenue and financial results may be materially adversely affected. 

We may not experience growth or engagement
in certain geographic locations due to local factors. 

We may not experience rapid user growth or continued engagement in
countries that have unreliable telecommunications infrastructure or in countries where mobile and internet usage are expensive or limited
in regular accessibility. Any decrease in user retention, growth or engagement may have a material and adverse impact on our popularity,
revenue, business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 

11 

We may not be successful in acquiring a sufficient
number of users that become purchasers or retain existing users who generate profitable revenue for our apps. 

Revenues of freemium apps and websites typically
rely on a small percentage of users that convert into paying users by making in-app purchases of digital goods and/or paid subscriptions;
however, the vast majority of users play for free or only occasionally make purchases or opt-in for paid subscriptions. Accordingly, only
a small percentage of our users are paying users. In addition, a small portion of paying users generate a disproportionate percentage
of revenue. Because of this, it is imperative for us to both retain these valuable customers and to maintain or increase their spend over
time. In fiscal 2024, we experienced an 8 decline in paid subscriptions. Conversely, over the past seven years, GuruShots has successfully
increased the compounded annual growth rate of monthly spending per paying player by around 9.9 . There can be no assurance that we will
be able to continue to retain paying users, grow or maintain subscription levels or that paying users will maintain or increase their
spending. We may experience a net decline in paying players resulting in a decrease in revenue resulting in a materially adverse outcome
for our business and financial results. 

We may not manage our in-app economy well and
as a result, disincentivize users from making in-app purchases. Any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our apps are available to players for free and
each brand generates a material portion of its revenue by selling digital goods and/or paid subscriptions. The perceived value of these
digital goods and/or paid subscriptions can be impacted by various factors including, but not limited to, their price, discounting policies,
promotional strategies, market competition, user reviews, and user engagement levels. If we fail to manage our economy well, we risk confusing
or upsetting users to the point that they reduce their purchases which could negatively hurt the business. 

If we are unable to compete for advertisers
or if advertisers reduce their spend with us, our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

In fiscal 2024, approximately 79 of our revenues
(excluding GuruShots) were generated from selling advertising inventory. We generally enter into arrangements with the major programmatic
advertising networks to monetize our advertising inventory. We need to maintain good relationships with these advertising networks to
provide us with a sufficient inventory of advertisements. Online advertising, including through mobile applications, is an intensely competitive
industry. Many large companies, such as Applovin, Meta and Google, invest significantly in data analytics to make their properties and
platforms more attractive to advertisers. Our advertising revenue is primarily a function of the number and hours of engagement of our
free users and our ability to provide innovative advertising products that are relevant to our users, maintain or increase user engagement
and satisfaction with our products, and enhance returns and add incremental gains for our advertising partners. If our relationship with
any advertising partners terminates for any reason, or if the commercial terms of our relationships are changed or do not continue to
be renewed on favorable terms, or if we cannot source high-quality ads consistent with our brand or product experience, we would need
to qualify new advertising partners, which could negatively impact our revenues, at least in the short term. 

In addition, internet-connected devices and operating
systems controlled by third parties increasingly contain features that allow device users to disable functionality that allows for the
delivery of advertising on their devices or reduce the ability to provide personalized or targeted advertising, which results in less
valuable ads. Device and browser manufacturers may include or expand these features as part of their standard device specifications. For
example, when Apple announced that UDID, a standard device identifier used in some applications, was being superseded and would no longer
be supported, application developers were required to update their apps to utilize alternative device identifiers such as universally
unique identifier, or, more recently, identifier-for-advertising, which simplifies the process for Apple users to opt out of behavioral
targeting. Furthermore, laws and regulations may also make it more difficult to deliver personalized or targeted advertising or impose
requirements that result in more users making elections to block our ability to deliver targeted ads. If users do not elect to participate
in functionality that supports the delivery of targeted advertising on their devices, our ability to deliver effective advertising campaigns
could suffer, which could cause our business, financial condition, or operating results to be adversely affected. 

We anticipate that our growth and profitability
will continue to depend on our ability to sell our advertising inventory. Companies that advertise with us may choose to utilize other
advertising channels or may reduce or eliminate their marketing altogether for a variety of reasons, many of which are out of our control,
including, without limitation, if the demand for mobile phone personalization industry declines or otherwise falls out of favor with advertisers
or consumers. 

If the size of the digital advertising market
does not increase from current levels, or if our digital brands are unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that market, our
ability to maintain or increase our current level of advertising revenues and our revenues, profitability and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. 

12 

The digital advertising market may deteriorate,
which could materially harm our business and results of operations. 

We generate the substantial majority of our revenue
from selling advertising inventory. We anticipate that our growth and profitability will continue to depend on our ability to sell advertising
inventory across some if not all of our digital brands. 

Future demand for mobile advertising is uncertain.
Many advertisers still have limited experience with mobile advertising and may continue to devote larger portions of their advertising
budgets to more traditional offline or online personal computer-based advertising, instead of shifting additional advertising resources
to mobile advertising. 

Further, our advertisers ability to effectively
target their advertising to our user s interests may be negatively impacted by the degree to which our privacy control measures
that we have implemented or may implement in the future in connection with regulations, regulatory actions, the user experience, or otherwise,
and our advertising revenue may decrease or otherwise be curtailed as a result. Changes to operating systems practices and policies,
such as Apple s deprecating the Identifier for Advertisers IDFA and Google s Privacy Sandbox which is meant
to make current tracking mechanisms obsolete, and block covert tracking techniques, like fingerprinting may also reduce the quantity and
quality of the data and metrics that can be collected or used by us and our partners. These limitations may adversely affect our advertisers 
ability to effectively target advertisements and measure their performance, which could reduce the demand and pricing for our advertising
products and harm our business. As such, our digital property s current and potential advertiser clients may ultimately find digital
advertising to be less effective than traditional advertising media or marketing methods or other technologies for promoting their products
and services, and they may even reduce their spending on mobile advertising from current levels as a result or for other reasons. 

If the market for mobile advertising deteriorates,
we may not be able to increase our revenues or our revenues and profitability could decline materially. 

A material amount of our revenue is generated
from a limited number of geographies and third-party advertising demand partners. Any change to this mix could result in negatively impacting
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In fiscal 2024, revenue from well developed economies
accounted for approximately 80 of our total revenues and 69 of our total advertising revenues were generated by three advertising demand
partners. While our end users are located around the world, the revenue is generated in the United States from our advertising partners.
During the past five years, we have experienced a shift in our Zedge App s regional customer make-up with the percentage of our
total MAU from emerging markets increasing, while the portion from well-developed markets is decreasing. In fiscal 2024, 79 of our Zedge
App s users were located in emerging markets with 21 of users in well-developed regions compared to 78 and 22 respectively in
fiscal 2023. India comprised 30 of our MAU as of July 31, 2024. This shift has negatively impacted revenues because well-developed markets
command materially higher advertising rates when compared to those in emerging markets. Although we are investing in reversing this trend,
we may not be successful in this effort which may result in lower revenues and profitability. Although GuruShots and Emojipedia s
user bases are more heavily weighted to well-developed economies, we are still exposed to the impact of a shift in our Zedge App s
user base toward emerging markets. 

Three advertising demand partners, mainly, Google,
Vungle and AppLovin were responsible for 69 of overall advertising revenue in fiscal 2024. If any of these advertising demand partners
were to alter their spend on our digital properties the outcome could result in lowering revenues and profitability. 

In addition, on April 24, 2024 President Joe Biden signed a bill that
would ban TikTok in the United States if ByteDance, TikTok s Chinese owner, didn t sell the platform to a non-Chinese owner
within nine months. Although TikTok is challenging the legality of this bill in court it is unclear if they will prevail. The negative
impact of a TikTok ban could be material impacting advertising and ecommerce. In light of TikTok running ads in Zedge s platform
a ban could negatively impact revenue. 

13 

Our apps user base is heavily weighted
to the Android operating system and our revenues and profitability may suffer if the market demand for Android smartphones decreases. 

Our apps user base is heavily weighted
to smartphones running the Android operating system, which constituted approximately 96 of our MAU (excluding Emojipedia) as of July
31, 2024, and most of our revenues for fiscal 2024. Any significant downturn in the overall demand for Android smartphones or the use
of Android smartphones could significantly and adversely affect the demand for our products and services and would materially affect our
revenues. 

Although the Android smartphone market has grown
rapidly in recent years, it is uncertain whether the Android smartphone market will continue growing at a similar rate in the future.
In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of the smartphone industry, another operating system for smartphones may eclipse the
Android operating system and result in a decline in its popularity, which would likely adversely affect our apps popularity. To
the extent that our products and services continue operating on Android smartphones and to the extent that our future revenues substantially
depend on the use and sales of Android smartphones, our business and financial results would be vulnerable to any downturns in the Android
smartphone market. 

We may not be successful in diversifying our
revenue mix in order to reduce our significant dependence on third-party advertisers. 

In fiscal 2024, approximately 79 of our revenues
excluding GuruShots were generated from advertising sales. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in diversifying our revenue
mix by identifying new revenue drivers that complement our advertising-heavy business. Although the Zedge App had initial success in converting
freemium users into paid subscribers, starting with zero in January 2019 and ending fiscal 2023 with approximately 647,000, we ended fiscal
2024 with 669,000 subscribers, a 3.4 increase and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in improving subscriber base growth
or in maintaining our current subscriber base. To date, Zedge Premium has taken longer to scale than we originally anticipated. Furthermore,
we are still integrating GuruShots and have not achieved its expected growth trajectory or realized synergies between GuruShots and our
legacy operations. Finally, Android users constitute approximately 96 of our overall MAU and are prone to spend less money in apps than
iOS and web users. Even if our new initiatives are successful on one platform, we may not be able to replicate that success across other
platforms. 

Our revenues may fluctuate materially due to
increases and decreases of new mobile device sales, or other factors, over which we have no control. 

Our revenue may be materially negatively impacted
by a decrease or slowdown in new mobile device sales. Demand for mobile devices highly correlates to installs of our apps and associated
usage and revenue generation. 

If new mobile device sales decrease or slowdown,
our products and services will likely experience fewer installations which will negatively impact our revenue and operations. 

We rely on third-party platforms, such as the
iOS App Store, Meta, and Google Play Store, to distribute our apps and collect revenues generated on these platforms. If these platforms
adopt policies including those relating to advertising, privacy, or monetization that are counter to our strategy it could result in materially
and adversely affecting our business. 

Our products and services depend on mobile app
stores and other third parties such as data center service providers, as well as third party cloud infrastructure and service providers,
payment aggregators, computer systems, internet transit providers and other communications systems and service providers. Our mobile applications
are almost exclusively accessed through and depend on the Google Play Store and Apple s App Store. While our mobile applications
are generally free to download from these stores, we offer our users the opportunity to make in-app purchases and/or purchase paid subscriptions.
In certain instances, we determine the prices at which these items and subscriptions are sold. These purchases are processed by Google s
and Apple s in-app payment and subscription systems. As of July 31, 2024 we paid Google and Apple up to 30 of the revenue we generated
across their respective platforms for processing fees. Our revenues and earnings could be negatively impacted should Google or Apple decide
to impose higher processing fees. Further, our cashflow may be negatively impacted if either platform changes the timing of their payments
to us. While we do not anticipate any interruption in their distribution platforms or ability to accept customer payments, any such disruptions,
even temporary, may have material impacts on our business and operations. 

14 

We are subject to the standard policies and terms
of service of third-party platforms, which govern the marketing, promotion, distribution, content and operation of our apps on their platforms.
Each platform provider has the discretion to make changes to its operating system, payment services, manner in which their mobile operating
system operates as well as change and interpret the terms and conditions of its developer policies. These changes may be harmful to our
business and result in a negative outcome. For example, in September 2019, our Zedge App was temporarily removed from Google Play because
they asserted that the Zedge App violated their malicious behavior policy. As a result, prospective Android users were prevented from
installing our Zedge App, freemium users were unable to convert into paying subscribers and existing users we unable to purchase Zedge
Credits. Shortly after the notice was issued, two of our major advertising suppliers ceased serving advertisements to our Zedge App. In
addition, Google Play sent a notification to users that had the problematic version of the app on their phone recommending that they uninstall
it. We identified the source of the problem as buggy code from a long-term, third-party advertising partner s standard technology
integration in our app. We corrected the problem by removing the offensive code, releasing a new version of our app and our Zedge App
was reinstated after approximately 72 hours and concurrently the two major advertising suppliers resumed purchasing our advertising inventory.
We estimate the immediate financial impact of the suspension resulted in approximately 100,000 in lost revenue and a material decline
in MAU with the majority of uninstalls in emerging markets. 

Such changes could: 

make
our products and services inaccessible or limit their accessibility; 

curtail
our ability to distribute and update our applications as we see fit across their platforms; 

impose
changes in the way in which we monetize our users; 

limit
the scope of feature enhancements or new features; 

decrease
or eliminate our ability to market to prospective and existing users; or 

cease
our ability to collect certain data about users and their respective usage. 

Google and Apple are able to terminate our distribution
agreements with them, without cause, with 30 days prior written notice (to the extent allowed by applicable local law). They also may
terminate our agreements with them immediately (unless a longer period is required by applicable law) under certain circumstances, including
upon our uncured breach of such agreements. To the extent that they or any other third party platform provider on which we rely make such
changes or terminates our agreements with them, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

A platform provider may also change its fee structure
to our disadvantage, change how we are able to advertise on the platform, limit how user information is made available to developers,
curtail how personal information is used for advertising purposes, or restrict how users can share information with their friends on the
platform or across platforms. For example, in April 2021 Apple released iOS 14 which started requiring users to opt in to share their
IDFA with app developers, on an app-by-app basis. As a consequence, the ability of advertisers to accurately target and measure their
advertising campaigns at the user level becomes significantly more difficult, typically resulting in higher user acquisition costs. 

Furthermore, both Apple and Google have broad
discretion to make changes to their operating systems or payment services or change the manner in which their mobile operating systems
function and their respective terms and conditions applicable to the distribution of our applications, including the amount of, and requirement
to pay, certain fees associated with purchases required to be facilitated by Apple and Google through our applications, and to interpret
their respective terms and conditions in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our products, our ability to distribute
our applications through their stores, our ability to update our applications, including to make bug fixes or other feature updates or
upgrades, the features we provide, the manner in which we market our in-app products, our ability to access native functionality or other
aspects of mobile devices, and our ability to access information about our users that they collect. To the extent either or both of them
do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

15 

For example, pursuant to Google s policy
whereby only Google Play s in-app billing system could be used for transactions in its store, we were mandated to stop the provision
of non-native payment options to our users on Android during 2021, which caused disruptions for users and led to a decline in Paying Users.
Since announcing this policy in 2020, following industry pushback and country-specific regulations Google has introduced in select markets
the option of user choice billing, which allows eligible developers to offer users an additional billing system alongside
Google Play s billing system, and in the European Economic Area the option for eligible developers to offer users an alternative
to Google Play s billing system. We are exploring such solutions on a country-by-country basis. However, as these solutions are
in their infancy, they may evolve following subsequent regulatory mandates or organically at Google s behest, and as such we will
need to be ready to continuously adapt to such changes. Any deadlines imposed on developers by future iterations of Google s policy
will require prompt and active development, and failure to do so may result in the discontinuation of the provision of alternative billing
methods to our users. 

Similarly, Apple is experiencing industry pushback
and country-specific regulations. In response to a recent antitrust lawsuit, Apple now allows all digital apps in the United States to
include a link to the developer s website to process payments for in-app purchases. Additionally, in the EU, pursuant to the Digital
Markets Act, all major app store operators such as Google and Apple will be forced to introduce more country-specific billing policies
that allow developers to offer alternative billing methods, and it is expected that other markets may follow suit. Further complicating
this landscape, a recent ruling by the United States District Court for the Northern District of California in Epic Games v. Google 
mandates that Google must open its Android app store to third-party competitors for three years, from November 1, 2024 through November
1, 2027, which will likely foster increased competition and could lead to changes in fee structures and app distribution practices. 

Should we choose to explore such policy initiatives
for the benefit of our business and our users, we may potentially become subject to highly nuanced, country-specific billing policies
and commissions of major app store operators, we may need to devote more resources and time in creating and managing separate app bundles
for each country in which we want to offer alternative billing options, which could become burdensome, and/or we could become subject
to higher commissions overall. Furthermore, changes to billing options may cause a disruption to the user journey, which could cause a
decrease in paying user conversion rates. Alternatively, choosing not to explore such policy initiatives could present a risk of missed
opportunity. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we violate, or a platform provider believes
we have violated, its terms of service, the platform provider reserves the right to limit or cease access to their platform. If we are
unable to maintain a productive working relationship with any platform distribution and access to our products and services could also
be curtailed or permanently disabled. This is especially true in instances where we are dependent on single source providers for their
respective services. Any limitation or discontinuation of access to any platform could significantly reduce our ability to distribute
and/or provide access to our products to users and would like result in materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Our business depends on the availability of mobile
app stores and other third party platforms and any outages that these parties experience will likely have a negative impact on our business,
financial condition, results of operations or reputation. 

If technologies designed to block the display
of advertisements are adopted en masse, or if web browsers limit or block behavioral targeting technologies our revenues may be adversely
affected. 

Technologies have been developed, and will likely
continue to be developed, that can block the display of advertisements on our digital products and services. We may suffer negative consequences,
including a material reduction of revenue, with mass adoption of website ad blocking technologies or other technologies that limit the
ability to personalize advertisements, including, without limitation, if the price for this advertising inventory declines. We generate
substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and ad-blocking technologies may prevent the display of certain advertisements appearing
on our platform, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Existing ad-blocking technologies that have
not been effective on our platform may become effective as we make certain platform changes, and new ad-blocking technologies may be developed
in the future. 

16 

Activities of our advertiser clients and/or
users could damage our reputation or give rise to legal claims against us. 

Our advertisers and/or users may not comply with
international or domestic laws, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to mobile communications. Failure of our
advertisers and/or users to comply with laws or our policies could damage our reputation and expose us to liability under these laws.
We may also be liable to third parties for content in the advertisements or content we deliver or distribute if the artwork, text or other
content involved violates copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of third parties or if the content is defamatory,
unfair and deceptive, or otherwise in violation of applicable laws. Although we generally receive assurance from our advertising partners
and users that their advertisements and content, respectively, are lawful and that they have the right to use any copyrights, trademarks
or other intellectual property included in an advertisement or content, and although we are normally indemnified by the advertisers, a
third party or regulatory authority may still file a claim against us. Any such claims could be costly and time consuming to defend and
could also hurt our reputation within the mobile advertising industry. Further, if we are exposed to legal liability, we could be required
to pay substantial fines or penalties, redesign our business methods, discontinue some of our services or otherwise expend significant
resources. 

We may not be able to continually meet our
users expectations and retain or expand our user base, and our revenues, profitability and prospects may be materially and adversely
affected. 

Although we constantly monitor and research our
users expectations, we may be unable to meet them on an ongoing basis or anticipate future user needs. A decrease in the number
of users engaging with our products and services may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to sell advertising, digital goods
and resources, and subscriptions and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In order to attract and retain users
and remain competitive, we must continue to innovate our products and services, improve user experience, and implement new technologies
and functionalities. 

The internet business is characterized by constant
changes, including but not limited to rapid technological evolution, continual shifts in user expectations, frequent introductions of
new products and services and constant emergence of new industry standards and practices. As a result, our users may leave us for our
competitors products and services more quickly than in other sectors. Thus, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to
respond to these changes in a timely and cost-effective basis, including improving and marketing our existing products and services and
developing and pricing new products and services in response to evolving user needs. Our ability to successfully retain or expand our
user base will depend on our ability to achieve the following, among others: 

anticipate
and effectively respond to the growing number of internet users in general and our users in particular; 

attract,
retain and motivate talent, including but not limited to application developers, visual designers, product and program managers and engineers
who have experience developing consumer facing digital products or other mobile internet products and services; 

effectively
market our existing and new products and services in response to evolving user needs; 

develop
in a timely fashion and launch new products and features, and develop and launch other internet products cost-effectively; 

funnel
our existing users and prospects into new products that we develop, independent of our current product suite, and convert them into recurring
users of these new products; 

successfully
recruit new users, artists, individual creators and brands that offer their content to our users; 

further
improve our platform to provide a compelling and optimal user experience through integration of products and services provided by existing
and new third-party developers or business partners; and 

continue
to provide quality content to attract and retain our users and advertisers. 

17 

We cannot assure you that our existing products
and services, will remain sufficiently popular with our users. We may be unsuccessful in adding compelling new features and enhancements;
products and services to further diversify these product offerings. Unexpected technical, commercial or operational problems could delay
or prevent the introduction of one or more of our new products or services to our users. Moreover, we cannot be sure that any of our new
products and services will achieve widespread market acceptance or generate incremental revenue the way our existing products and services
have. If we fail in earning user satisfaction through our products or services or if our products and services fail to meet our expectation
to maintain and expand our user base, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

Zedge Premium, the section of our marketplace
where we offer premium content (i.e., for purchase), may not yield the strategic goals and objectives that we envision. 

Although we believe that Zedge Premium will act
as an important driver in helping our platform become a leading platform for professional artists, individual creators and brands looking
to distribute their work to consumers looking for an easy, entertaining and unique way to express their voice, individuality and essence,
it s premature to conclude this as being the case. 

Although Zedge Premium s gross transaction
revenue has shown modest growth it is still too early to state with conviction that Zedge Premium will have a materially positive impact
on our business. In order to do so, we still need, among other things, to: 

successfully
market the recently-launched web-based offering to both creators and consumers; 

expand
the digital content types we offer to include more types of creators 

continue
to ensure that we build best-of-breed tools for Zedge Premium content creators that, amongst other things, meet their needs and properly
address marketing, distribution, monetization, reporting, support, and ease of use; 

continue
to develop a wide array of monetization mechanisms Zedge Premium creators in order to optimize revenue generation; 

continue
evolving exclusive, limited edition digital content functionality that meets the needs of both creators and consumers 

successfully
market Zedge Premium to the creative community and secure their adoption as a must-have in their omnichannel distribution mix; 

effectively
market and convert GuruShots players into Zedge Premium artists; 

establish
that Zedge Premium can be valuable to a sufficient number of creators in achieving their marketing and monetization objectives; and 

continue
to offer an excellent and differentiated consumer experience in Zedge Premium, including all end-user facing attributes ranging from
the user interface to customer support. 

If Zedge Premium fails to yield the strategic
goals and objectives that we envision, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

We may fail to develop popular new features or
expand into new verticals, successfully, negatively impacting our ability to attract new users or retain existing users, which could negatively
impact our business, financial condition, and result of operations. 

18 

If we fail to maintain and enhance our various
brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely
affected. 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing our
various digital brands and associated reputation is important to the success of our business. Historically, we have not made material
investments in this effort. We believe that a well-recognized and respected brand is important to increasing the number of users and enhancing
our attractiveness to users, artists, advertisers and business partners. Brand recognition and enhancement may directly affect our ability
to maintain our market position. 

Many factors, some of which are beyond our control,
are important to maintaining and enhancing our various brands and may negatively impact our brand and reputation if not properly managed,
such as our ability to: 

maintain
an easy and reliable user experience as user preferences evolve and as our brands expand into new service categories and new service
lines; 

remain
relevant to users who can turn to other providers for digital content and marketplaces and mobile games; 

increase
brand awareness among existing and potential users, advertisers and content providers through various marketing and promotional activities; 

adopt
new technologies or adapt our products and services to meet user needs or emerging industry standards; and 

distinguish
us from the competition and maintain this distinction. 

In the future, we may conduct various marketing
and brand promotion activities to expand our brand. Some of these may require material investment. We cannot assure you, however, that
these activities will be successful or that we will be able to achieve the brand promotion effect we expect. In addition, any negative
publicity in relation to our mobile internet products, websites or services could harm our brand and reputation. 

We have received, and expect to continue to receive,
complaints from users regarding the quality of our products and services. If our users complaints are not addressed to their satisfaction,
our reputation and our market position could be significantly harmed, which may materially and adversely affect our business, revenues
and profitability. 

In addition, despite our ongoing efforts to prevent
violation of our user guidelines, problematic content on our platforms, including but not limited to, low-quality user-generated content,
socially unacceptable material, and other violations of our guidelines could affect the quality of our services and offerings and the
manner in which they are viewed by our users or potential users. This could harm our reputation and negatively impact user participation
of our various platforms. 

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING MATTERS 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
to evaluate our business with past results not necessarily being indicative for future operating results and may increase your investment
risk. 

We have only a limited operating history, especially
with respect to Emojipedia and GuruShots, upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. Although we experienced impressive year-over-year
revenue growth of 36 and 107 in fiscal 2022 and 2021 respectively, our growth in fiscal 2020 was moderate and even declined in fiscal
2019. Impacting the growth figures in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2024 is the inclusion of GuruShots for all of fiscal 2023 as compared
to only the final three and a half months of fiscal 2022. We have encountered and will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced
by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving industries, like mobile apps, digital marketplaces and gaming, including the need to: 

accurately
forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses; 

19 

hire,
integrate, and retain key personnel; 

successfully
integrate and realize the benefits of the acquisitions that we have made; 

develop
a scalable technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably address increased usage, as well as new features and services; 

comply
with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our business; 

anticipate
and effectively respond to the global economy and the markets in which we operate; 

establish
and expand our various digital brands; 

maintain
our reputation and build trust with users, artists, advertisers and employees; 

offer
competitive economics to advertisers and users alike; 

maintain
and expand revenue producing initiatives including ad sales, in-app purchases and subscriptions; 

deliver
superior experiences and results for users, artists and advertisers alike; 

identify,
attract, retain and motivate new users and artists; and 

manage
our expanding operations. 

If we do not successfully address any or all of
these risks, our business, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 

Although we had positive cash flow from operating
activities fiscal 2023 and 2024, we had previously incurred, and may once again incur, net losses and experience negative cash flow from
operating activities in the future and may not be able to obtain additional capital in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our net loss in fiscal 2024 was 9.2 million,
our net loss in fiscal 2023 was 6.1 million. Our ability to maintain profitability and positive cash flow from operating activities depends
on various factors, including but not limited to, the acceptance of our products and services by mobile phone and internet users, the
growth and maintenance of our user base, user acquisition spend and associated return, our ability to maintain existing and obtain new
advertisers, our ability to grow our revenues, the success of each of our digital brands as measured by their respective key performance
indicators, the effectiveness of our new product initiatives, selling and marketing activities as well as control our costs and expenses.
We may not be able to sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operating activities, and any such positive cash flow may not be
sufficient to satisfy our anticipated capital expenditures and other cash needs. As such, we may not be able to fund our operating expenses
and expenditures out of cash flows, which would require us to utilize debt or equity financing which we may not be able to secure or which
we may only secure on terms that are not favorable, which may result in significant dilution or voluntary or involuntary dissolution or
liquidation proceeding of us and a total loss of your investment. 

Changes in accounting principles or their application
could result in accounting charges or effects which could adversely affect our operating results and prospects. 

We prepare consolidated financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accounting for our business is subject to change based
on how the business model evolves, interpretation of various accounting principles, enforcement of existing or new regulations, and changes
in policies, rules, regulations, and interpretations, of accounting and financial reporting requirements of the SEC or other regulatory
agencies. A change in any of these principles or in their interpretations or application to our business, may have a significant effect
on our reported results, as well as our processes and related controls, and may retroactively affect previously reported periods, which
may negatively impact our financial statements our business prospects. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting
principles and accounting policies over financial reporting, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition and could require significant investment in systems and personnel. 

20 

If our estimates or judgments relating to our
critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could suffer and lower
the expectations of equity analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

Our preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and
the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. For example, we make certain assumptions about the interpretation
of these principles and accounting treatment of our useful lives of tangible and intangible assets, fair value of contingent consideration,
and allowance for credit losses. If these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, the outcomes may be materially higher or lower than expected
for current and future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported earnings. We base estimates and assumptions
on historical experience, research, and on other factors that we believe to be reasonable and in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities,
equity, revenue and expenses that are not accessible from alternative sources. We also may make estimates regarding activities for which
the accounting treatment is still evolving. Actual results may differ from those estimates. If our assumptions change or if actual circumstances
differ from our assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could negatively impact investors, resulting in a decline
in the market price of our common stock. 

Changes in tax laws, tax rates or tax rulings,
or the examination of our tax positions, could materially affect our financial condition, effective tax rate, future profitability and
results of operations. 

Tax laws may change as new laws are passed and
new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented
in a manner that we believe comply with current prevailing tax laws. However, the tax positions that we take advantage of could be undermined
due to changing tax laws, both in the United States and in other applicable jurisdictions, including Norway, Lithuania, and Israel. In
addition, the tax authorities in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate regularly examine income and other tax
returns and we expect that they may examine our income and other tax returns. The ultimate outcome of these examinations may not benefit
our business. 

Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was 19.3 
compared with 7.0 for fiscal 2023. In general, changes in applicable U.S. federal and state and foreign tax laws and regulations, or
their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense. 

Over the last several years, the Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD has been working on a Base Erosion and Profits Shifting Project that
would change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which
we operate. In this regard, the OECD has proposed policies aiming to modernize global tax systems, including a country-by-country 15 
minimum effective tax rate Pillar Two for multinational companies. Numerous countries have enacted, or are in the process
of enacting, legislation to implement the Pillar Two model rules with a subset of the rules becoming effective during our fiscal year
ending July 31, 2025, and the remaining rules becoming effective for our fiscal year ending July 31, 2026, or in later periods. At this
point in time, we do not expect material tax impacts associated with Pillar Two rules in the countries where we operate for the fiscal
year ending July 31, 2025. As these rules continue to evolve with new legislation and guidance, we will continue to monitor and account
for the enactment of Pillar Two rules in the countries where we operate, and the potential impacts such rules may have on our effective
tax rate and cash flows in future years. 

Effective January 1, 2022, pursuant to the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, R D expenses are required to be capitalized and amortized for US tax purposes, which has delayed the deductibility
of these expenses and potentially increase the amount of cash taxes we paid during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. In the future,
among other things, Congress may consider legislation that would defer the capitalization requirement to later years or eliminate the
capitalization requirement, possibly with retroactive effect, and/or the IRS may issue guidance on the currently enacted tax law which
differs from our interpretation. It is possible that the enactment of new legislation and/or issuance of IRS guidance could have a material
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods. 

21 

We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates. 

We have significant operations in Europe and Israel
that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Norwegian Krone, Euro and Israeli Shekel, subjecting us to foreign currency
risk. The strengthening or weakening of the U.S. Dollar versus these currencies impacts the expenses generated in these foreign currencies
when converted into the U.S. Dollar. In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we recorded a loss of 190,000 and a gain of 36,000, respectively,
from foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. Dollar. Included in these amounts were losses from hedging activities of 245,000
and gains of 14,000 in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. While we regularly enter into transactions to hedge portions of our
foreign currency exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the effects of this exposure. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
could significantly impact our financial results. 

If we fail to implement and maintain an effective
system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting
obligations or prevent fraud. 

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, we are required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report on Form
10-K. In addition, should we become an accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial
reporting is not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective,
our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent testing, may issue a report that is qualified
if it is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or
if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, our reporting obligations may place a significant strain
on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. We may be unable to timely complete our
evaluation testing and any required remediation. 

During the course of documenting and testing our
internal control procedures, in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, we may identify weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal
control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as
these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have
effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal
control environment, we could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, and
we may be required to restate our financial statements from prior periods, any of which would likely cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and lead
to a decline in the trading price of our stock. 

Additionally, ineffective internal control over
financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from
the stock exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS 

We may not be able to effectively manage our
growth or implement our future business strategies, in which case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to
effectively and efficiently grow each of the properties in our brand portfolio. 

We may not be capable of growing our business
organically or with paid marketing campaigns, attract new players and artists and/or establish cooperation with strategic partners. Our
business has experienced periods of rapid growth and expansion that has placed, and continues to place, significant strain on our management
and resources. We cannot assure you that these periods will recur or be sustainable. We have also acquired other companies and made asset
purchases and integrating those into Zedge has placed and continues to place significant strain on management and resources. We believe
that continued growth of our business will depend on our ability to successfully develop and enhance our products and services, cost efficiently
attract new artists and individual creators, maintain our relationship with various artists and content partners like Google, Meta and
Apple, sustain our high rankings with the leading search engines including Google, capture the changes that are taking place in the industry
in a timely fashion grow our user base at a cost effective rate, retain existing users, continue developing innovative technologies in
response to user demand, increase brand awareness through marketing and promotional activities, react to changes in market trends, expand
into new market segments, attract new advertisers, retain existing advertisers, get users to engage with our digital properties and convert
into paying users or subscribers, and take advantage of the growth in the relevant markets. We cannot assure you that we will achieve
any or all of the above. In the event that we are not successful in some or all of these areas we may not be able to retain our customers
and advertisers. 

22 

We need to invest in paid user acquisition in
order to grow our customer base. However, we may not be able to secure new users at scale with a positive return on investment. Even if
we can secure new profitable customers these customers may not mature into sustainable long-term customers. 

To manage our growth and for us to attain and
maintain profitability, we will also need to further expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce across multiple geographies and
manage our relationships with users, consultants, business partners and advertisers globally. We anticipate that we will need to implement
a variety of enhanced and upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, including the improvement of our accounting
and other internal management systems. All of these endeavors involve risks and will require substantial management efforts and skills
and additional expenditures. 

Our products currently enjoy a global customer
base. This geographic diversity may raise the level of difficulty in managing future growth and profitability. We cannot assure you that
our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations. In addition, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage our growth or implement our future business strategies effectively, and failure
to do so may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

During the past five years, we have experienced
a shift in our Zedge App s regional customer make-up with the portion of our total MAU from emerging markets increasing, and the
portion from well-developed markets decreasing. In Q4 of fiscal 2024, our Zedge App s users in emerging markets declined by 15 
while its users in well-developed regions declined 19 when compared to fiscal 2023. India comprised 30 of our MAU as of July 31, 2024.
This shift has negatively impacted revenues because well-developed markets command materially higher advertising rates when compared to
those in emerging markets. Although we are investing in reversing this trend, we may not be successful in this effort which may result
in lower revenues and profitability. 

In 2021, Apple released iOS 14 which started requiring
users to opt in to share their identifier for advertisers IDFA with app developers. Apple s IDFA is a unique string of alphanumeric
characters assigned to Apple devices which advertisers use to identify app users in order to deliver personalized and targeted advertising.
According to Statista, the worldwide opt-in rate enabling app tracking after the release of iOS 14 was less than 25 . As a consequence,
the ability of advertisers to accurately target, measure and optimize their advertising campaigns at the user level has become significantly
more difficult typically resulting in higher user acquisition costs. Further, other companies upon whom the industry depends to identify
potential users such as Google may implement similar changes with respect to its Android operating system. The longer-term impact of these
changes on the overall mobile advertising ecosystem, our competitors, our business, and the developers, partners, and advertisers within
our community remains uncertain, and depending on how we, our competitors, and the overall mobile advertising ecosystem adjusts, and how
our partners, advertisers, and users respond, our business could be seriously harmed. If we are unable to mitigate or respond to these
and future developments, and alternative solutions do not become widely adopted by our advertisers, then targeting, measurement, and optimization
capabilities will be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn negatively impact our advertising revenue. 

Our products may contain errors, flaws or failures
that may only become apparent after their release. From time to time, we receive user feedback in connection with errors, flaws or failures
and such errors, flaws or failures may also come to our attention during our internal testing process. We generally have been able to
resolve such errors, flaws or failures in a timely manner, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to detect and resolve all of
them effectively or in a timely manner. Errors, flaws or failures in our services and products may adversely affect user experience and
cause our users to stop using our services and products, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

23 

Our marketing efforts
to acquire new, and retain existing, customers may not be effective or cost-efficient, and may be affected by external factors beyond
our control. 

Maintaining and promoting awareness of our services
is important to our ability to attract and retain customers. We spend a significant amount on marketing activities to acquire new customers
and retain and engage existing customers and have plans to maintain and increase that focus. For example, in 2024 and 2023 our marketing
expenses were approximately 6.9 million and 3.2 million, respectively, and we expect our marketing expenses to continue to account for
a significant portion of our operating expenses. Our business depends on a high degree of app installs from the app stores and website
traffic, which is dependent on many factors, including the availability of appealing website content and search engine optimization, affiliate
marketing and display advertising, as well as social media and email. The marketing efforts we implement may not succeed for a variety
of reasons, including our inability to execute and implement our plans. External factors beyond our control may also impact the success
of our marketing initiatives. 

Our digital presence heavily depends on search
engine traffic, primarily from platforms like Google. A key driver of our success in this domain is our website s visibility and
ranking in response to search queries. As search engines frequently update their algorithms, affecting our link placements and rankings
we need to regularly manage our search engine optimization in order to avoid a material decrease in web traffic to our online properties.
Substituting free traffic with paid alternatives could also lead to increased costs. These risks highlight the critical importance of
continuous adaptation to the evolving search engine landscape and the potential consequences if we do not adequately navigate these challenges. 

User acquisition for our apps depends on a host
of items including and especially on paid and organic app marketing initiatives. Effective and profitable user acquisition relies on knowing
how to optimize across each acquisition platform, data analysis, creatives, amongst other things. In addition, due to the changing nature
of what data the platforms provide to publishers like Zedge may result in elongating testing time windows and increasing testing budgets.
Taken together if we are unsuccessful in accounting for all of these items, we may be unable to recover our marketing spend and we may
not acquire new customers or our cost to acquire new customers may increase, and our existing customers may reduce the frequency or size
of their purchases from us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows. 

Our products face competition in all aspects
of their business. If our apps fail to compete effectively or if their reputation is damaged, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Although our products are leaders in their specific
verticals, including mobile phone personalization, emoji related content and information, and digital photo competitions, we cannot guarantee
that our brands will be able to maintain their leadership position. Our products face potential competition from other internet companies,
app developers and smartphone manufacturers, and new market entrants may also emerge. If we are not able to differentiate our products
from that of our competitors, drive value for our customers, and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we
may not be able to compete effectively against our competitors. Our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive
threats could materially and adversely harm our business. Increased competition may result in new products and offerings which may in
turn require us to take actions to retain and attract our users and advertisers in such a fashion which would lower our gross margins.
If we fail to compete effectively, our market share would decrease and our results from operations, revenues and profits would be materially
and adversely affected. 

We are attempting to expand our Zedge Premium
marketplace where professional artists, individual creators and brands offer their content to our users. We aspire to be a popular destination
that users turn to when looking for high quality digital content. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our goal, our business may suffer
resulting in diluting our value proposition, losing MAU and having lower revenues and profits. 

24 

If we are not able to effectively compete in any
aspect of our business or if our reputation is harmed by rumors or allegations regarding our business or business practices, our overall
user base may decline, making it less attractive to advertisers. We may be required to spend additional resources to further increase
our brand recognition and promote our products and services, and such additional spending could adversely affect our profitability. 

If we fail to keep up with rapid technological
changes in the internet and smartphone industries and adapt our products and services accordingly, our results of operations and future
growth may be adversely affected. 

The internet and smartphone industries are characterized
by rapid and innovative technological changes. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to fast changing technologies,
adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and improve the performance, functionality and reliability of our products
and services. Our failure to continue to adapt to such changes could harm our business. If we are slow to develop products and services
that are compatible with smartphones, or if the products and services we develop are not widely accepted and used by smartphone users,
we may not be able to capture a significant share of this important market. In addition, the widespread adoption of new internet, networking
or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes for smartphones could require substantial expenditures to modify or
adapt our products, services or infrastructure. If we fail to keep up with rapid and innovative technological changes to remain competitive,
our future growth may be materially and adversely affected and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our international operations expose us to additional
risks that could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

In addition to uncertainty about our ability to
continue expanding and monetizing internationally, our foreign operations may subject us to additional risks including: 

difficulties
in developing, staffing, traveling to and simultaneously managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural
differences; 

tariffs,
trade barriers, customs classifications and changes in trade regulations. For example, in 2022 the United States imposed broad-ranging
economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus because of Russia s illegal invasion of the Ukraine; 

stringent
local labor laws and regulations; 

the
uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions; 

strict
and unclear laws around data privacy; 

longer
payment cycles; 

credit
risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

profit
repatriation restrictions and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

political
or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

geopolitical
events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism; 

import
or export regulations; 

compliance
with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and corrupt payments to government officials; 

antitrust
and competition regulations; 

potentially
adverse tax developments; 

25 

seasonal
volatility in business activity and local economic conditions; 

economic
uncertainties relating to European sovereign and other debt; 

laws,
regulations, licensing requirements, and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership or investments; 

laws,
regulations or rulings that block or limit access to our products; 

different,
uncertain or more stringent user protection, content, data protection, privacy, intellectual property and other laws; 

risks
related to other government regulation, required compliance with local laws or lack of legal precedent; and 

risks
specific to operating in war-torn regions where employees may be mobilized for army service and where damage and/or loss of life may
occur when under attack. 

Further, our ability to expand successfully in
foreign jurisdictions involves other risks, including challenges in integrating foreign operations, risks associated with entering jurisdictions
in which we may have little experience and the day-to-day management of a growing and increasingly geographically diverse company. We
may not realize the operating efficiencies, competitive advantages or financial results that we anticipate from our investments in foreign
jurisdictions. In addition, our international business operations could be interrupted and negatively impacted by terrorist activity,
war, political unrest or other economic or political uncertainties. Moreover, foreign jurisdictions could impose tariffs, quotas, trade
barriers and other similar restrictions on our international sales. 

We are subject to numerous and sometimes conflicting
U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that increase our cost of doing business. Violations of these complex laws and regulations that
apply to our international operations could result in damages, awards, fines, litigation, criminal actions, sanctions, or penalties against
us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and our ability to offer products and services, and damage
to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no
assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies or that our policies will be sufficient. These risks
inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and could result in material
harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Conditions in Israel,
including the October 7, 2023 attack by Hamas and other terrorist organizations from the Gaza Strip and Israel s war against them,
may adversely affect our operations. 

Because a portion of
our operations are conducted in Israel and certain members of our board of directors and management, as well as a many of our employees
and consultants, are located in Israel, our business and operations are directly affected by economic, political, geopolitical and military
conditions affecting Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have occurred between
Israel and its neighboring countries and other hostile non-state actors. These conflicts have involved missile strikes, hostile infiltrations
and terrorism against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, which have negatively affected business conditions in Israel. 

On October 7, 2023, Hamas
militants and members of other terrorist organizations infiltrated Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a
series of terror attacks on civilian and military targets. Thereafter, Hamas launched extensive rocket attacks on Israeli population and
industrial centers located along the Israeli border with the Gaza Strip. Shortly following the attack, Israel s security cabinet
declared war against Hamas and launched an aerial bombardment of various targets within the Gaza Strip. The Israeli government subsequently
called for the evacuation of over one million residents of the northern part of the Gaza Strip and initiated ground operations in the
Gaza Strip. The intensity and duration of Israel s current war against Hamas is difficult to predict as are such war s economic
implications on the global economy. 

26 

The intensity and duration
of Israel s current war against Hamas is difficult to predict, and as are such war s economic implications on the Company s
business and operations. 

Other terrorist organizations have since joined
the hostilities, including Hezbollah in Lebanon, and Palestinian military organizations in the West Bank. In September 2024 Israel initiated
a ground invasion of southern Lebanon to rid it of Hezbollah operatives who have been shelling Israel since October 8, 2023. Israeli officials
have stated that their aim is to allow tens of thousands of its citizens to return home without the threat of attack by Hezbollah militants. 

Furthermore, Iran has fired hundreds of missiles
and drones into Israel and Israel has recently responded to that action with attacks on military sites in Iran. 

As a result of the Israeli
security cabinet s decision to declare war against Hamas and more recently expand their operations against Hezbollah, several hundred
thousand Israeli reservists were drafted to perform immediate military service. Certain of our employees and consultants in Israel have
been mobilized for service in the current war against Hamas as of the date of this report, and such persons are expected may be absent
for an extended period of time. As a result, our operations, including the development and launch of additional products, may be disrupted
by such absences, which may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Prior to the Hamas attack
in October 2023, the Israeli government pursued extensive changes to Israel s judicial system, which sparked extensive political
debate and unrest. In response to such initiative, many individuals, organizations and institutions, both within and outside of Israel,
have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively impact the business environment in Israel including due to reluctance of
foreign investors to invest or transact business in Israel as well as to increased currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating,
increased interest rates, increased volatility in security markets, and other changes in macroeconomic conditions. The risk of such negative
developments has increased in light of the recent Hamas attacks and the war against Hamas declared by Israel. To the extent that any of
these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

In addition, recent political uprisings and conflicts
in various countries in the Middle East, including Syria, are affecting the political stability of those countries. In addition, the threats
that Iran and various extremist groups in the region make against Israel may escalate in the future and turn violent, which could affect
the Israeli economy in general and us in particular. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region
could adversely affect business conditions, harm our results of operations and make it harder for us to raise capital. 

For the most part, we do not have commercial insurance
that cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in either of these locations. Although
the Israeli government has in the past covered the reinstatement value of certain damages that were caused by terrorist attacks or acts
of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or, if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully
for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred would likely cause a significant disruption in our employees lives and possibly
put their lives at risk, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. Any armed conflicts or political instability in
the region would likely negatively affect business conditions generally and could harm our results of operations. 

Additionally, in the past, the State of Israel
and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business with the State of Israel and
with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial conditions
or the expansion of our business. A campaign of boycotts, divestment and sanctions has been undertaken against Israel, which could also
adversely impact our business. 

We have offices and other significant operations
located in Lithuania, Israel, and Norway, and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability
in these countries. 

The overwhelming majority of our employees are
located in Lithuania, Israel, and Norway and many of our senior managers live in Israel or Lithuania. For those that reside in Israel
and Lithuania political, economic and military conditions directly affect our business. Any hostilities involving these countries or the
interruption or curtailment of trade between these countries and their trading partners could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. Furthermore, there is always the chance that the citizens in these countries will be required to serve in the army or perform
public duty in the event of an armed conflict. 

27 

The State of Israel is currently at war with Hamas
and Hezbollah, terrorist organizations that control the Gaza Strip and Lebanon, respectively, and has had various armed conflicts with
its neighbors as well as terrorist acts committed within Israel by hostile elements. 

The Republic of Lithuania borders both the Russian
exclave of Kaliningrad and the Republic of Belarus, who are aligned in Russia s illegal invasion of the Ukraine. This places Lithuania
at a higher risk of military conflict, may negatively impact the ability to travel to and from Lithuania, and may damage the economy.
This action also negatively impacted GuruShots because it utilizes a small number of outsourced contractors based in the Ukraine. This
resulted in temporarily disrupting the work product associated with these contractors at the outset of the war. 

Companies and governmental agencies may restrict
access to our website or mobile apps, or the internet generally, which could lead to the loss or slower growth of our user base, in which
case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In order to grow our business, users need to access
the internet and, in particular, our digital products. Companies and governmental agencies could block access to our websites and apps
or the internet generally. For example, in 2013 the Indian courts issued orders restraining internet service providers from providing
access to various internet domains including ours. Access to our Zedge App through any mode was blocked in many parts of India from February
2013 until August 2019 and there can be no guaranties that this will not recur or happen elsewhere. If companies or governmental entities
block or limit access to our Zedge App or otherwise adopt policies restricting access to our advertiser s products and services
our business could be negatively impacted resulting in a loss or slow-down of user growth and/or revenues. 

Our core values of focusing on our users and
acting for the long-term may conflict with the short-term interests of our business. 

One of our core values is providing an excellent
user experience, which we believe is essential to our success and serves the best, long-term interests of us and our stockholders. Therefore,
we have made in the past, and/or may make in the future, significant investments or changes in strategy that we think will benefit our
users, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating results in the short term. In addition, our philosophy of prioritizing our
users may cause disagreements or negatively impact our relationships with advertisers or other third parties. Our decisions may not result
in the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case the success of our business and operating results could be materially harmed. 

If we are unable to attract and retain highly
qualified employees, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our ability to compete and grow depends in large
part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Such employees, particularly product managers, designers and engineers, are in high
demand, and we devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, and successfully integrating and retaining these employees.
The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions to our
business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business. 

We operate a development center in Vilnius, Lithuania.
If we are unable to recruit and retain well qualified candidates at an attractive rate or manage them well, our business will struggle
to meet our development goals and objectives. In fiscal 2021 we adopted a remote-first work policy that enabled employees
to work from home unless they were needed in the office. In fiscal 2023 we changed this policy to a hybrid model requiring most employees
to work from the office several days a week. Although this policy has been well received by employees, it is as of yet unclear whether
it will be further revised. 

In April of 2022 we completed the acquisition
of GuruShots Ltd, an Israeli based company. GuruShots utilized a small number of outsourced contractors based in the Ukraine. Russia s
illegal invasion of the Ukraine in February 2022 resulted in temporarily disrupting the work product associated with these contractors.
Furthermore, Zedge employees situated in Vilnius were distracted due to the proximity to the Belarusian border and uncertainty related
to Belarus complicity with Russia s illegal action and associated intent. In addition, consumer prices have risen materially
throughout the Eurozone leaving uncertainty about how this may impact employment costs in the future. 

28 

In October of 2023 Hamas, a designated terrorist
organization, launched a savage terror attack in Israel along with launching thousands of rockets into Israeli sovereign territory. The
State of Israel declared war against Hamas resulting in the mobilization of more than 300,000 army reserve. In addition, Hezbollah, another
designated terrorist organization, based in Lebanon, has been indiscriminately shelling Israeli territory. Some GuruShots employees were
impacted and the regular and consistent rocket barrage is taking a toll on productivity. Coupled with this, most, if not all, schools
are along with our office closed making the work environment complex. It remains unclear how long this conflict will continue and what
the impact on productivity will be. 

We believe that two critical components of our
success are our ability to retain our best people by preserving our culture and maintaining competitive compensation practices. As we
continue to grow rapidly, and we develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial,
execution-focused culture. In addition, depending on the performance of our stock price some of our employees are able to receive material
proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. 

We rely on third parties to provide the technologies,
including cloud services, necessary to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any change in the licensing terms,
costs, availability, or acceptance of these formats and technologies could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our service and hosting providers may experience
downtime from time to time, which may negatively affect our brand and user perception of the reliability of our service. Any scheduled
or unscheduled interruptions in service could result in an immediate, and possibly substantial, loss of revenues. Although we seek to
reduce the possibility of disruptions or other outages, our websites and apps may be disrupted by problems relating either to our own
technology or third-party technology that is used for them. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from telecommunication
failures, power loss, computer or hacking attacks or viruses, earthquakes, floods, fires, terrorist attacks and similar events. Parts
of our system are not fully redundant or backed up, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Despite
any precaution we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could result
in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our products. Any interruption in the ability of users to access our websites or apps
could reduce our future revenues, harm our future profits, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and lead users to seek alternative internet
mobile products. In addition, a hacking attack or another security incident, could result in unauthorized access to, damage to, disablement
or encryption of, use or misuse of, disclosure of, modification of, destruction of, or loss of our data or our developers , creators ,
and users data or disrupt our ability to provide our platforms or services. 

There can be no assurance that these providers
will continue licensing their technologies or intellectual property to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Providers may change the fees
they charge users or otherwise change their business model in a manner that slows the widespread acceptance of their technologies. Any
change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or user acceptance of these technologies could materially and adversely affect our
business, revenues and profitability. 

We track certain key performance indicators
with internal and third-party tools and do not independently verify that all of this data is accurate. Certain of these indicators may
have challenges in being tracked accurately which could result in real or perceived inaccuracies that could negatively impact our business. 

We track certain key performance indicators, including
daily active users, monthly active users, purchasers, and paying subscribers using both internal and third-party tracking tools. Our analytical
tools have certain limitations, including those from third-party providers, and our ability to access and monitor this data may change,
which would adversely impact our ability to track these KPIs. If the internal or external tools we use to track data contain bugs we may
make poor decisions, especially when it comes to paid user acquisition, based on flawed and inaccurate data which can hurt our reputation
and financial position. 

29 

We use open-source software in our platform
that may subject our technology to general release or require us to re-engineer our solutions, which may cause materially harm to our
business. 

We use open-source software in connection with
our services. From time to time, companies that incorporate open-source software into their products have faced claims challenging the
ownership of open-source software and/or compliance with open-source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties
claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software or noncompliance with open-source licensing terms. Some open-source software
licenses require users who distribute or make available open-source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part
of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost.
While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the
source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open-source agreement, such use could nevertheless occur and we may be required
to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue use in the event
re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development
efforts, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Our business, results of operation and financial
condition could be adversely affected by the Covid 19 pandemic, other global epidemics and the restrictions put in place in connection
therewith and/or the loosening of such restrictions could adversely impact our business. 

Pandemics, epidemics, medical emergencies and
other public health crises outside of our control could have a negative impact on our business. Large-scale medical emergencies can take
many forms and result in widespread business interruptions due to illness and death. For example, in December 2019, a strain of coronavirus
surfaced in Wuhan, China soon evolving into a global pandemic without proven medical treatments or vaccines for prevention. When vaccines
started to become available demand for the vaccines exceeded the supply in the countries in which we operate. Furthermore, the vaccines
were not fully effective in preventing illness. All of these factors introduced challenges in operating our business including the productivity
of our employees and third-party vendors that we depend on while adjusting to shelter-in-place and health regulations. We also had to
comply with an assortment of regulations specific to returning to our offices, creating additional uncertainty and confusion. 

Widespread pandemics, epidemics or other health
crises could result in significant market volatility, regionally or globally. Furthermore, health crises may disrupt or negatively impact
behaviors of large numbers of users or potential users due to either mandated stay at home orders or the lifting of such orders or non-mandated
changes in consumer behavior. These changes are almost impossible to predict and could either serve to accelerate, slow down or make user
behavior more volatile which could negatively impact our operating results. 

In the event of a new coronavirus surge or other
health emergency we plan to execute to the best of our ability recognizing that the nature and scope of the crisis may result in delays
or changes to our goals and initiatives. 

Our business is subject to economic, market,
and geopolitical conditions as well as to cyber-attacks and natural disasters beyond our control. 

Our business is subject to economic, market, and
geopolitical conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our control and as a result we may experience a slowdown or cessation in
customer growth, interruptions or delays in the services or a downturn in user. Further, our revenue is driven in part by discretionary
consumer spending habits and by advertising spend. Historically, consumer purchasing and advertising spend have each declined during economic
downturns and periods of economic or geopolitical uncertainty or when disposable income or consumer lending declines. Macro-economic conditions,
such as a recession or economic slowdown in well developed markets, specifically, and emerging markets, more generally may result in uncertainty
and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences as well as advertising spend. Uncertain economic conditions
may also adversely affect our vendors making it virtually impossible to grow in the event of future economic malaise. We are particularly
susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the mobile app ecosystem, which also include the popularity, price, and timing
of our apps, changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment. Furthermore, critical reviews
and general tastes and preferences may change quickly and without prior warning. 

30 

A key component of our growth strategy involves the adoption and
utilization of artificial intelligence (AI), which introduces certain risks. 

We currently incorporate AI into specific existing
and planned products, as well as our internal operations. For instance, in fiscal 2023, we launched pAInt, a generative AI wallpaper maker
within the Zedge App. Additionally, we have other offerings utilizing AI in soft launch or development and we view this evolving technology
as a key driver and focus of new products. While AI offers substantial opportunities, it also carries inherent risks to our business,
reputation and financial results. 

AI technologies are complex and evolving rapidly. Our competitors may
possess greater financial and technological resources, providing them with a competitive edge in attracting, motivating, and retaining
top AI professionals. This could pose challenges in building and maintaining our AI capabilities. In addition, market acceptance of AI
technologies is uncertain, and we may be unsuccessful in product development efforts which incorporate AI. Our products offerings that
use AI could fail to achieve market acceptance, or our competitors may use AI technologies more efficiently than we do. 

Furthermore, the use of AI brings to the forefront
emerging ethical concerns. Should we introduce solutions that generate content that is misleading, biased, harmful or controversial due
to perceived or actual societal impact, we may face potential harm to our brand and reputation, competitive disadvantages, or even legal
liabilities. 

In addition, we are susceptible to competitive
risks arising from the rapid adoption and integration of new technologies by established industry participants, emerging startups, and
other market entrants. Over time, AI tools are likely to enhance their accuracy and ability to handle complex tasks, potentially disrupting
the landscape for educational technology businesses like ours. We must remain vigilant in our efforts to predict and respond to these
developments in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

Laws and regulations focused on the development,
use, and provision of AI technologies and other digital products and services are proliferating in many jurisdictions around the world.
Staying compliant with evolving laws, regulations, and industry standards pertaining to AI may impose significant operational costs and
constrain our ability to develop, deploy, or employ AI technologies. Failing to adapt appropriately to this evolving regulatory environment
could result in legal liability, regulatory actions, monetary penalties and damage to our brand and reputation. 

Intellectual property ownership surrounding AI
technologies has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, Our ongoing development and use
of generative AI tools may result in copyright infringement claims, disputes over ownership and licensing, and potential patent infringement
claims, among other things. These legal challenges could be costly to defend against, leading to substantial financial obligations and
reputational damage. The evolving regulatory environment and uncertain legal precedents in this field further increase our exposure to
litigation risks, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Further, our use of generative AI in aspects of
our platforms may present risks and challenges that could increase as AI solutions become more prevalent. AI algorithms may be flawed.
Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could have negative impacts
on our users experience and subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. 

Failure to detect or prevent fraudulent activities on our platform
could cause users to lose confidence in our products and harm our business. 

We may be subject to fraudulent and/or malicious
activities undertaken by persons seeking to use our platform for improper purposes. Examples of such activities include the use of bots
or other automated or manual mechanisms to generate fraudulent activity through our platform, which could generate revenue for the perpetrators
and involve our platform in their improper activity. Detecting fraudulent or malicious activity can be difficult. Although we have implemented
measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities, including click fraud, we cannot guarantee that we will be fully
successful in doing so. If we fail to detect or prevent fraudulent or other malicious activity, it may result in dissuading sellers and
customers alike from engaging with our products and services. Any actual or alleged future fraudulent activity may damage our reputation,
or diminish the value of our brand name, either of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

31 

Zedge is exposed to claims from prior owners
of GuruShots objecting to the determination that the conditions for payment of the earnout for the first year following acquisition were
not met, and that the user acquisition spend obligations that we have made to the sellers of GuruShots are not required. 

In connection with the acquisition of GuruShots,
the Company has (i) committed to a retention pool of 4 million in cash to be paid to the founders and employees of GuruShots that will
be payable over three years from closing of the acquisition based on the beneficiaries thereof remaining employed by the Company or a
subsidiary; and (ii) agreed to make certain minimum investments in user acquisition for GuruShots in the period covered by the earnout
to be contingently paid to the prior owners of GuruShots subject to GuruShots maintaining agreed upon levels of return on ad spend (ROAS).
GuruShots financial performance during the period from the April 2022 acquisition through July 31, 2024, was materially impacted
by a combination of industry specific, macroeconomic, and geopolitical challenges that contributed to negatively impacting ROAS. The conditions
for payment of the earnout for the first year following the acquisition were not met and no earnout payment was made or accrued. 

Although we believe that we have acted in compliance
with our obligations, we could be exposed to liability to the prior owners of GuruShots. One of the prior owners of GuruShots has objected
to the determination that the conditions for payment of the earnout for the first year following acquisition were not met. We responded
to the objection in great detail and believe the assertion to be without merit. 

The GuruShots acquisition may fail to yield
growth opportunities and achieve beneficial synergies. 

Zedge acquired GuruShots with the expectation
that the transaction will yield growth on a standalone basis. To date this has not been the case. In addition, the acquisition was meant
to deliver strategic synergies on a combined basis. Our success in realizing these growth opportunities and strategic synergies, and their
associated timing depends, amongst other things, on the successful integration of the respective businesses. Even if we are successful
with the integration, there is no guarantee that the strategic synergies that we envisioned will bear fruit. 

Future strategic alliances or acquisitions
may not be successful and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 

We may enter into strategic alliances, including
joint ventures or minority equity investments, or acquisitions with various third parties to further our business purpose from time to
time. These alliances and acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information,
non-performance by the third party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely
affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these
strategic third parties suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer
negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such third party. 

In addition, if appropriate opportunities arise,
we may acquire additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that we believe are complementary to our existing business. Future
acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own would require significant attention from our management
and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations.
Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect and could require the use of substantial amounts of cash,
potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses
for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying
and consummating acquisitions may be significant. In addition to possible stockholders approval, we may also have to obtain approvals
and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, which could
result in increased delay and costs. 

32 

LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 

Legal or regulatory proceedings or allegations
of impropriety could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We have been party to and in the future may become
subject to new legal proceedings in the operation of our business, including, but not limited to, with respect to alleged breaches of
consumer privacy regulations, employee matters, alleged service and system malfunctions, alleged intellectual property violations and
claims relating to our contracts, licenses and strategic investments. Furthermore, we may be included in lawsuits as third-party defendants
due to the use of products or services of the primary defendant. We may also be subject to fraudulent claims from parties like patent
trolls. 

Additional legal proceedings targeting our products
and services and claiming violations of state or federal laws could occur, based on the unique and particular laws of each jurisdiction,
particularly as litigation claims and regulations continue to evolve. We cannot predict the outcome of any legal proceedings to which
we may be a party, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

As noted above, we have responded to a claim from
one of the prior owners of GuruShots, who objected to our determination that the conditions for payment of the earnout for the first year
following acquisition were not met. We believe the assertion to be without merit. 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign
government laws and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on
our business practices, in which case our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws
and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or the
interpretation of them, our introduction of new products, or an extension of our business into new areas could increase our future compliance
costs, make our products and services less attractive to our users, introduce litigation exposure, or cause us to change or limit our
business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that we have not complied
with them. Further, any failure on our part to comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal
liabilities, penalties, taxes, fees, costs, reputational harm, competitive damage and negative publicity. 

The application of existing domestic and international
laws and regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, artificial intelligence, security, defamation,
pricing, advertising, taxation, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, consumer protection, artificial intelligence and machine learning,
accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, and intellectual property
ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further, the application to us or our subsidiaries of existing laws
regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of our advertisers can be unclear. U.S. export control laws and regulations also
impose requirements and restrictions on exports to certain nations and persons and on our business. Internationally, we may also be subject
to laws regulating our activities in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from country to country.
Any new legislation, in the U.S. or abroad, may be difficult to comply with in a timely and comprehensive manner and may expose our business
to increased costs. If the rules, doctrines or currently available defenses change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply protections
similar to those that are currently available in the U.S. or the EU, or if a court were to disagree with our application of those rules
to our solutions, our potential liability for information or content created by third parties and posted to our platform could require
us to expend significant resources to try to comply with the new rules and implement additional measures to reduce our exposure to such
liability or we could incur liability and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act (the DMCA has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for caching, hosting, listing
or linking user-generated materials that infringe copyrights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements in the DMCA. The Communications
Decency Act (the CDA further helps to limit our potential liability for certain content uploaded onto our platform by third
parties. For example, Section 230 of the CDA provides immunity from liability for providers of an interactive computer service who publish
tortious and otherwise illegal content provided by users of the service. While the immunity provisions of the DMCA and the CDA are well
established, there are regular cases seeking to limit the application of such immunity. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the
distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect
information from minors. In the area of data protection, every state has passed a law requiring notification, and at times, the provision
of identity theft protection, to users when there is a security breach for personal data. We face similar risks and costs as our products
and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 

33 

In many, but not all, territories outside of the
U.S. there are laws similar to the DMCA that exempt us from copyright infringement liability that may arise due to hosting user-uploaded
materials. In some countries, particularly in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, these laws are being readjusted and new, and potentially
burdensome, constraints are being imposed onto service providers. 

For example, the European Union s Directive
on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (the DSM Directive is in effect and has been implemented by all EU Member States. 

The DSM Directive Article 17 removes the shield
of the current hosting exemption, enshrined in the Electronic Commerce Directive (2000/31/EC) (the E-Commerce Directive ),
and replaces it with a principle of full liability where online content sharing service providers OCSSPs are concerned. This means that OCSSPs will be liable for copyright-protected material uploaded by users and must obtain authorization
(i.e., a license) from the relevant rightsholders. However, Article 17 effectively creates a new liability exemption regime for OCSSPs
(albeit a more onerous one than is currently provided by the E-Commerce Directive) under which OCSSPs will not be liable for the copyright-protected
works that they communicate to the public provided that they cooperate with rightsholders by: 

making
best efforts to obtain the necessary authorization (i.e., a license); 

expeditiously
taking down or disabling access to content upon receiving a sufficiently substantiated notice to do so by rightsholders (i.e., similar
to the existing notice and take-down requirements); 

making
best efforts to prevent future uploads of content in respect of which they have received a notice from rightsholders pursuant to the
previous requirement (i.e., a notice and stay down requirement); and 

making
best efforts, in accordance with high industry standards of professional diligence, to ensure the unavailability of specific works in
respect of which rightsholders have provided the relevant and necessary information. 

The article also extends any licenses granted
to OCSSPs to their users, as long as those users are not acting on a commercial basis. 

Additionally, our increased use of artificial
intelligence (AI), including generative AI, in our product offerings presents additional risks. Namely, uncertain legal and regulatory
treatment around the provision and use of such technologies, for example in the areas of privacy and intellectual property, may create
increased and uncertain litigation exposure, the possibility of regulatory scrutiny, costly compliance requirements and limit or prohibit
certain of our product offerings. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and may be inconsistent from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and the risk of liability. Any such increase in costs or increased
risk of liability as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation could individually or in the aggregate
make our products and services that use AI technologies less attractive to our users, cause us to change or limit our business practices
or affect our financial condition and operating results. Moreover, AI may produce content seen as infringing upon the rights of others,
including with respect to copyrights. Additionally, AI may create flawed, biased, harmful, misleading, inaccurate, or unexpected outputs
and content, creating risks to our business, partners, and users. 

Although we have invested and continue to invest
in systems and resources, which are intended to ensure that we are compliant with the requirements of the GDPR, CCPA, DMCA, the DSM Directive
and other U.S. and international laws relating to, among other things, materials that infringe on copyrights and contain other objectionable
content, our systems may not be sufficient or we may unintentionally err and fail to comply with these laws and regulations which could
expose us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices which could materially
adversely affect our business and financial results. 

34 

Data privacy and security laws and regulations
in the jurisdictions in which we do business subject us to possible sanctions, civil lawsuits (including class action or similar representative
lawsuits) and other penalties in the event of non-compliance, additionally the need to observe these regulations increases the cost of
doing business and these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Compliance failure either by us or our partners, or vendors could
harm our business. 

Our business relies on collecting, processing,
storing, using and sharing data, some of which contains personal information, including the personal information of our users. Our business
is therefore subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, regulatory codes and guidelines governing data
privacy, data protection and security, including with respect to the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, sharing and protection
of personal information. Such laws, regulations, regulatory codes and guidelines may be inconsistent across jurisdictions or conflict
with other rules and change regularly. 

For example, on July 10, 2023, the European Commission
adopted its adequacy decision relating to the new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework DPF ). This was followed by the UK Government s
approval of the UK extension to the DPF, which is effective as of October 12, 2023. The DPF and UK extension are now lawful means for
transferring personal data from the European Economic Area EEA ), or the UK to the U.S. (in addition to Standard Contractual
Clauses SCCs )). The DPF (and the associated steps that the U.S. Government has taken in connection with the DPF) should
improve the ability for personal data to flow from the EEA or UK to the U.S., however the DPF is likely to be subject to challenge and
may be invalidated in the future. While this does not present an immediate risk to our business, monitoring and ensuring compliance with
shifting data transfer requirements could result in additional costs incurred. 

In addition, the EU General Data Protection Regulation
2016/679 GDPR and the UK General Data Protection Regulation (the UK GDPR ), incorporating the GDPR into UK
law, impose more stringent data protection requirements, provide an enforcement authority which substantially increases compliance costs,
and impose large penalties for noncompliance. Such laws and regulations may require companies to implement new privacy and security policies,
conduct processing or transfer impact assessments, permit individuals to access, correct and delete personal information stored or maintained
by such companies, inform individuals of security breaches that affect their personal information, and, among other things, obtain individuals 
consent to use personal information for certain purposes. In addition, some countries have enacted, or are currently considering, legislation
that imposes local storage and processing of data to avoid any form of transfer to a third country, or other restrictions on transfer
and disclosure of personal data outside of that country which may impact our compliance obligations, potentially exposing us to liability,
and increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services. 

In June 2018, California passed the California
Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA is a privacy law that provides consumers significant rights
over the use of their personal information, including the right to object to the sale of their personal information. Amendments
to the CCPA under the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), effective January 1, 2023, expand some of the CCPA rights to
residents to restrict the use of certain information. These laws may restrict our ability to use personal information in connection with
our business operations, and along with other state laws, such as the California Online Privacy Protection Act, create compliance obligations.
The CCPA also provides a private right of action for certain data breaches. 

Additionally, alongside California, several other
states have also enacted comprehensive consumer data privacy laws that are currently effective or will become effective in the coming
years. Moreover, some U.S. states have more specific consumer data privacy requirements, some with onerous notice, consent, and other
obligations. These laws generally place limitations on the collection, processing, and use of consumer personal information and create
data privacy and protection compliance obligations for businesses covered under the law (the jurisdictional requirements of which may
vary). Some of the laws specifically regulate the processing of information from individuals under the age of 18. 

Furthermore, all 50 U.S. states, the District
of Columbia, and the U.S. territories have enacted breach notification laws which require notification to individuals (and potentially
regulators and other parties) in the event of certain data breaches impacting personal information. In addition, there has been a significant
increase in putative class action activity under privacy and privacy-related laws, often with claims for statutory damages and demands
for changes in business operations. 

35 

Several states have enacted laws requiring businesses
subject to the laws to implement cyber and data security programs. For example, New York enacted the Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic
Data Security Act (SHIELD Act), effective March 2020, which requires companies with data relating to New Yorkers to adopt comprehensive
cybersecurity programs. Since 2010, Massachusetts, through 201 CMR 17.00, has required companies that own or license the personal information
of Massachusetts residents to develop, implement, and maintain a Written Information Security Program. 

In recent years, the U.S. and European lawmakers,
regulators, and plaintiffs attorneys have voiced concern about electronic marketing and the use of third-party cookies and similar
technology for online behavioral advertising. In the EU, marketing is defined broadly to include any promotional material and the rules
specifically on e-marketing are currently set out in the ePrivacy Directive which is expected to be replaced by a new ePrivacy Regulation,
which will impose strict opt-in e-marketing rules with limited exceptions for business-to-business communications and significantly increases
fining powers to the same levels as the GDPR. Regulation of cookies may result in broader restrictions on our online activities, including
efforts to understand followers internet usage and promote ourselves to them. 

In addition, Lithuania, Israel, and Norway each
have unique data privacy regulations that impact how and what we can do with employee data and require local compliance efforts. 

Efforts to comply with these and other data privacy
and security restrictions that may be adopted could require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, increasing the cost
of our operations. Failure to comply could subject us to criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. In part due to the uncertainty
of the legal climate, complying with regulations, and any applicable rules or guidance from regulatory authorities or self-regulatory
organizations relating to privacy, data protection, information security and consumer protection, may result in substantial costs and
may require changes to our business practices, which may limit our growth strategy, adversely impact our ability to attract or retain
players, and otherwise negatively affect our business, reputation, legal exposure, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any failure or perceived compliance failure with
our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or any other legal obligations or regulatory
requirements relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may result in official investigations or enforcement actions,
litigation, legal claims, or negative publicity from consumer advocacy groups or the press and could result in significant liability,
cause our users to lose trust in us to the point of severing their relationship with us, and otherwise materially and adversely affect
our business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable
to us may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our products and services. Additionally, service providers
or other third parties that we work with, violate applicable laws, regulations, or agreements, such violations may put our users 
and/or employees data at risk, could result in formal investigations or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims or negative
publicity from consumer advocacy groups or the press and could result in significant liability, cause our players to lose trust in us
and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and business. Further, public scrutiny of data practices and privacy, or
complaints about, such practices, especially when lodged against technology companies, may heighten the chances for an official investigation
and result in modifications to existing or the introduction of new regulatory requirements resulting in higher costs and risks. 

New laws may impact our business, such as those
affecting artificial intelligence, and efforts by lawmakers in various jurisdictions to regulate providers of certain online services
which may apply to our business and therefore introduce additional compliance obligations and potential sanctions and penalties for failings
in these areas. Monitoring (and, if applicable, complying with) these developments is likely to increase the cost of doing business and
any failure to comply with new laws may harm our business and reputation. 

The legal
and regulatory landscape and industry standards surrounding the use of data and/or artificial intelligence technologies is rapidly evolving
and remains uncertain, and compliance may impose significant operational costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy or use artificial
intelligence technologies. New EU laws related to the use of data, including the EU Regulation on a Single Market for Digital Services
(2022/2065) DSA ), the EU Regulation (2023/2854) on fair access to and use of data EU Data Act ), and the
EU Regulation on Artificial Intelligence EU AI Act ), may impose additional rules and restrictions on the use of the data
in our products. If we were required to change our business activities or revise or eliminate services, or to implement burdensome compliance
measures, our business and results of operations could be harmed. We may be subject to fines, penalties, and potential litigation, including
class action lawsuits, if we fail to comply with applicable privacy and/or data security laws, regulations, standards, and other requirements.
The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by evolving data-related laws, regulations, and standards may limit the use and
adoption of our products and reduce overall demand. 

36 

Similarly, the UK has recently passed the Online
Safety Act 2023 OSA ). The OSA regulates user-to-user services, e.g., services that allow content to be generated
by a user and then shared and encountered by other users. The DSA and OSA impose additional obligations on covered service providers and
may increase liability for such service providers in relation to content hosted and shared on their services. Our business allows users
to create accounts and upload content which can then be accessed/encountered by other users. As such, we will likely incur legal costs
in identifying the extent to which obligations under the DSA and OSA may impact our business and there may be ongoing compliance costs
associated with these new laws (and any comparable changes in the law in other jurisdictions). Any breaches of these new laws (to the
extent they apply) may also lead to penalties and reputational damage. 

Furthermore, legislators and regulators 
future approach to AI may impact our business. For example, the publication of the White House Blueprint for an AI Bill of Rights signals
that operators of AI systems in the U.S. may face significant compliance obligations on a go-forward basis. State laws relating to AI
are also proliferating, including significant state AI laws in California and Colorado. Similarly, the EU AI Act entered into force in
August 2024. The EU AI Act imposes compliance obligations on providers and users of AI systems and introduces regulatory fines for breaches
of such obligations. We currently offer a number of products, services and features that make use of AI, and we are exploring ways in
which we can further utilize the technology. The full extent and applicability of potential AI laws and regulations will require monitoring
to ensure we remain in compliance and any risks are appropriately mitigated. 

RISKS RELATED TO CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

If we face intellectual property infringement
claims, or are unable to license, acquire or otherwise obtain access to compelling content and services at reasonable cost, or if we do
not develop or commission compelling content of our own, the number of users of the Zedge Marketplace may not grow as anticipated, or
may decline, or users level of engagement with the Zedge Marketplace may decline, all or any of which could materially harm our
business and operating results. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability
to aggregate and host compelling content and deliver that content to our users via our digital properties. We achieve this when users
play our games, when artists, individual creators and brands upload their licensed content to our marketplace, or when we create content
or enter into business partnerships with content owners and distribute this content in our marketplace. In addition, we commission authors
to write articles for our blog. 

We believe that users value high-quality content.
As such, we may need to make substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such content from or from whom we create
this content for our behalf. Our ability to maintain and build relationships with such third-party providers may become important to our
success. As competition for compelling content increases both domestically and internationally, our partners may alter business terms
under which they avail their content and services to us and potential providers may not offer their content or services to us at all,
or may offer them on terms that are not agreeable to us. A change in these commercial terms could harm our operating results and financial
condition. Further, much of the content that we acquire may only be available on a non-exclusive basis allowing competitors the ability
of offering this content to our disadvantage. 

We may be subject to intellectual property infringement
claims or other allegations, which could require us to pay substantial statutory penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant
content, enter into license agreements which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or could result in our being barred
from third-party distribution platforms, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

37 

From time to time, we are subject to claims from
owners of technology patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and content, who assert claims against us. There may also be new
laws and regulations that are adopted that change the rules related to the safe harbor for user generated content and ultimately requiring
us to pay licensing fees. If a claim of infringement is brought against us that we are not able to successfully and cost-effectively
defend, we may be required to pay substantial penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant content, enter into license agreements
that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all or be barred from any of the third-party distribution platforms.
Even though the allegations or claims could be baseless, our defense against any of these allegations or claims would be both costly
and time-consuming and could significantly divert the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. 

We may not be able to prevent others from
unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could materially harm our business and competitive position. 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents,
domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark
and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others to protect our proprietary
right. As of July 31, 2023, we have registered, amongst others, the following domain names: www.zedge.net, www.zedge.com, www.emojipedia.com,
www.emojipedia.org, and gurushots.com. In addition, we have been granted trademark protection for Zedge in the United States,
European Union, United Kingdom, India, and Canada, We Make Phones Personal, Zedge, Everything You, Tattoo
Your Phone, Shortz Chat Stories by Zedge, and NFTs Made Easy in the United States, a stylized
 D logo in the European Union, the United Kingdom, and United States, and Canada, Emojipedia in the United
States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and Australia, World Emoji Day in the United States and United Kingdom, and
 GuruShots in the United States. We have also applied for trademark protection for pAInt, and Zedge
pAInt in the United States, a stylized D logo in India, and GuruShots in Canada, India, the European
Union, and the United Kingdom, and have obtained copyright registrations for the GuruShots mobile and web-based applications, and have
obtained a copyright registration for our flagship app, Zedge. 

Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual
property rights is difficult and costly, and we cannot be certain that we can effectively prevent misappropriation of our intellectual
property, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. From time
to time, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and
diversion of our resources and may not be successful. 

We may face challenges in enforcing intellectual
property rights in international markets. 

It is often difficult to create and enforce intellectual
property rights in certain international markets. Patents, trademarks and service marks may also be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged.
Trade secrets are difficult to protect, and our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become known or be independently discovered
by others. Confidentiality agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Even where adequate and
relevant laws exist it may not be possible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of such laws, or to obtain enforcement of a court
judgment or an arbitration award delivered in another jurisdiction, and accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual
property rights or enforce agreements in such countries. 

Our insurance may not provide adequate levels
of coverage against claims. 

We believe that we maintain insurance customary
for businesses of our size and type. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe
are not economically reasonable or practical to insure. In addition, any loss incurred could exceed policy limits and policy payments
made to us may not be made on a timely basis. Such losses could adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition. 

38 

RISKS RELATED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND DATA SECURITY 

Our business depends on our ability to collect
and effectively use data to serve relevant advertising, deliver suitable content, and identify appropriate customer prospects, and any
limitation on the collection and use of this data could significantly diminish the value of our services, cause us to lose clients, make
us less attractive to prospective customers and revenues. 

When one uses our products and services, we may
collect both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable data about the user. This may include but is not limited to the
user s name, telephone number, email address, web cookies, Meta and other login credentials, phone model, operating system, location,
Android Advertising ID AAID ), Apple s Identifier for Advertising, IDFA, as well as information relating to their
interaction with advertisements and content appearing within our products. Often, we use some of this data to provide a better experience
for the user by delivering both relevant content and advertisements. In addition, we use some of this data to help us target prospective
customers as well as for advertising reporting purposes. 

Additionally, internet enabled devices and operating
systems are controlled by third parties and in most cases offer options that allow users to disable functionality that allows for the
delivery of advertising on their devices. Device and browser manufacturers may include or expand these features as part of their standard
device specifications. For example, Apple deprecated UDID, a standard device identifier, ultimately replacing it with IDFA, which makes
the process for iPhone users to opt out of behavioral targeting easier. If players elect to opt-out of sharing data about themselves
we will be curtailed in our ability to deliver effective which could negatively affect our digital advertising revenues. 

Although our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
provide extensive details about how we use customer data our clients may decide not to allow us to collect some or all of this data or
may limit how we can use this data. Any limitation on our ability to collect data about user behavior and app interactions would likely
make it more difficult for us to deliver germane content to our users and effective mobile advertising campaigns that meet the demands
of our advertisers. 

Our contracts with advertisers generally permit
us to aggregate data from advertising campaigns, yet these clients might nonetheless request that we discontinue using data obtained
from their campaigns that have already been aggregated with other clients campaign data. It would be difficult, if not impossible,
to comply with these requests, and these kinds of requests could also cause us to invest significant amounts of resources. Interruptions,
failures or defects in our data collection, mining, analysis and storage systems, as well as privacy concerns and regulatory restrictions
regarding the collection of data, could also limit our ability to aggregate and analyze mobile device user data from our clients 
advertising campaigns. If that happens, we may not be able to optimize the placement of advertising for the benefit of our advertiser
clients, which could make our services less valuable, and, as a result, we may lose clients and our revenues may materially decline. 

Any significant system or network disruption
or cyberattack could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and results of operations. 

We rely heavily on complex information technology
systems and networks to operate our business efficiently. Any significant disruption or cyberattack affecting these systems could have
a detrimental impact on our operations and financial performance. Our technological infrastructure includes both internal systems and
services managed by third-party providers. This reliance has become increasingly complicated due to ongoing supply chain disruptions
exacerbated by geopolitical events, such as conflicts that may further complicate existing supply chain constraints. 

All information technology systems and networks
face potential vulnerabilities from various sources, including cyberattacks, computer viruses, malicious software, energy blackouts,
natural disasters, and telecommunication failures. We securely store sensitive data, and any breach whether physical or electronic of
the systems housing this information could lead to significant risks, including data piracy or compromise. 

Additionally, third-party partners may be granted
access to our proprietary information to provide necessary services, which involves a risk of data misappropriation or unauthorized use.
A data intrusion into the servers hosting our products could disrupt operations, particularly for those offering online features. The
risks associated with such breaches may be heightened by global events, further complicating our cybersecurity posture. 

39 

Disruption to our information technology systems,
network failures, or security breaches could negatively impact our business continuity, operations, and financial results. These risks
are not confined to our internal systems; they also extend to the networks and e-commerce platforms of console providers and online partners.
External factors, such as extended remote work arrangements, geopolitical tensions, and internal factors like data migration and system
maintenance, further exacerbate these risks. 

Our systems and those of our third-party service
providers may not always be fully adequate against all vulnerabilities. We lack redundancy for every system, and our disaster recovery
planning may not account for all contingencies. As our digital business continues to expand, we will require increasingly robust internal
and external technological infrastructure to meet player demands. Failure to adapt and effectively scale this infrastructure may compromise
the performance and reliability of our products and negatively impact our business. 

The investment needed to eliminate or address
security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be material. Our remediation efforts may not be successful
and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential suppliers, users, or creators. As
threats related to cyber-attacks continuously evolve and grow, we may also find it necessary to invest additional resources in protecting
our data and infrastructure, which may impact our results of operations. Although we have insurance coverage protection against cyber-attacks,
it may not be sufficient to cover all possible claims stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity,
or any resulting disruptions from such events, and we may suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business. We
could also be negatively impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations in the United States, Lithuania, Israel, Norway the European
Union, and other jurisdictions, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization
and data protection. 

Furthermore, the exploitation of our systems
can adversely affect our products and services. The virtual economies within many of our digital offerings are particularly susceptible
to abuse and fraudulent activities. Despite implementing ongoing measures to prevent such issues, activities like the illicit generation
and sale of accounts or virtual items can result in loss of revenue, interfere with player enjoyment, and cause reputational harm. 

In addition, the platforms that we use to distribute
our apps may encourage, or require, compliance with certain security standards, such as the voluntary cybersecurity framework released
by the National Institute of Standards and Technology which consists of controls designed to identify and manage cyber-security risks,
and we could be negatively impacted to the extent we are unable to comply with such standards. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OWNERSHIP AND OUR CLASS B COMMON STOCK 

We have granted, and may continue to grant,
options, restricted shares and other types of awards under our stock option and equity incentive plans and otherwise, which may result
in increased equity-based compensation expenses. 

The expenses associated with equity-based compensation,
including the potential repricing of options, have affected our net income and may reduce our net income in the future, and any additional
equity issued under equity-based compensation schemes will dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. We believe the granting
of equity-based compensation is of significant importance to our ability to attract and retain key personnel and employees, consultants
and directors, and we will continue to grant equity-based compensation in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with equity-based
compensation may increase, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and would dilute the ownership interests of
our stockholders. 

Investors may suffer dilution. 

We may engage in equity financing to fund our
future operations and growth or acquisitions. If we raise additional funds and/or provide consideration in acquisitions by issuing equity
securities, stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage of total
securities held, and with respect to the book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to those of the holders
of our Class B common stock. 

Any such equity financing could occur at prices
below, or well below, the then-current trading price of our Class B common stock, which would further exacerbate the ownership interests
of our stockholders. 

40 

Our business, financial condition and results
of operations, as well as our ability to obtain additional financing, may be adversely affected by downturn in the global economy. 

The global financial markets have experienced
significant disruptions over the past fifteen years and the recoveries from the lows of 2008 and 2009 as well as from the Covid 19 pandemic
have been uneven. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted
by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies. There have also been concerns over unrest
in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in the energy and food sectors amongst other markets.
We may be affected by economic downturns. A prolonged slowdown in the world economy may lead to a reduced amount of mobile internet advertising,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover, a slowdown or disruption in the global
economy may have a material and adverse impact on financings available to us. The weakness in the economy could erode investor confidence,
which constitutes the basis of the credit market. Turmoil affecting the financial markets and banking system may significantly restrict
our ability to obtain financing in the capital markets or from financial institutions on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

The trading price of the shares of our Class
B common stock may be volatile, and purchasers of our Class B common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our stock price could be volatile. The stock
market in general and the market for mobile internet companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their
Class B common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The market price for our Class B common stock may be influenced by many
factors, including: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

changes
 in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions
 or trends in our industry; 

stock
 market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that operate in the advertising,
 internet or media industries; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new product or service offerings, significant acquisitions; 

strategic
 partnerships or divestitures; 

announcements
 of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

changes
 to regulations including but not limited to, data privacy, and copyrighted content; 

capital
 commitments; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

sales
 of our Class B common stock common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated
class action lawsuits against technology companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies stock.
Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 

41 

We are controlled by our majority stockholder,
which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management. 

Michael Jonas is our controlling stockholder,
Executive Chairman, Chairman of our Board of Directors, and, as of October 28, 2024, had voting power over approximately 58.1 of the
combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management
is limited. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business or our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common Class B common
stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. Currently, only one
investment bank, Maxim Group LLC, publishes equity research about Zedge and there are no guarantees that they will continue providing
coverage in the future. We may never obtain research coverage by other equity research analysts. Equity research analysts may elect not
to provide research coverage of our Class B common stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of
our Class B common stock. We do not have any control over the equity research analysts or their content and opinions included in their
reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issues other unfavorable
commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price and/or trading volume to decline. 

Our results of operations may be subject to
wide fluctuations due to a number of factors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Class B common stock. 

We may experience seasonality and other fluctuations
in our business, reflecting fluctuations in internet and smartphone usage and advertising. Revenues from consumer internet and mobile
application products and services are typically higher in the fourth quarter of the calendar year due to increased year-end advertising
and marketing budgets. Conversely, we generally experience lower advertising revenues during the first quarter of the calendar year due
to weaker advertising spend following the holidays. Thus, our operating results in one or more future quarters or years may fluctuate
substantially or fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In such an event, the trading price of our Class B
common stock may fluctuate significantly or decrease significantly. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item C. Cybersecurity. 

Cybersecurity risk management and strategy 

Our cybersecurity risk management is based on
recognized cybersecurity industry frameworks and standards, including those of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the
Center for Internet Security Controls, and the International Organization for Standardization. This does not imply that we meet any particular
technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the aforementioned frameworks and standards as a guide to help
us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. We use these frameworks, together with information collected
from internal assessments, to develop policies for the use of our information assets (for example, TI business information and information
resources such as mobile phones, computers and workstations), access to specific intellectual property or technologies, and protection
of personal information. We protect these information assets through industry-standard techniques, by strong Identity and Access Management
framework, such as Role Based Access Control, principle of Least Privilege, multi factor authentication as obligatory second factor to
our core resources. We also thoroughly improved our endpoint protection by deploying an endpoint detection and response tool. Its core
mission is to defend our endpoints and systems against the newest malware, rootkits, spywares and ransomware. We also work with internal
stakeholders across the company to integrate foundational cybersecurity principles throughout our organization s operations, including
the employment of multiple layers of cybersecurity defenses, restricted access based on business needs, and integrity of our business
information. Throughout the year, we also regularly train our employees on cybersecurity awareness on social engineering attacks, confidential
information protection, emerging threats and simulated phishing attacks to improve self-awareness of our employees. 

42 

We have standing engagements with incident response
experts and external counsel through our cyber insurance. We frequently collaborate with industry experts and cybersecurity practitioners
at other companies to exchange intelligence about potential cybersecurity threats, best practices and trends. We also have our own incident
response team who is engaged in dealing with security events triggered by our Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system. 

Our cybersecurity risk management extends to
risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. For instance, we conduct risk and compliance assessments of third-party
service providers by checking on a permanent basis every new vendor that is going to cooperate with the Company. The aim is to verify
if vendors due diligence and risks associated with it are within our risk tolerance set by management. 

Our cybersecurity risk management is an important
part of our comprehensive business continuity program and enterprise risk management. Our global information security team periodically
engages with a cross-functional group of subject matter experts and leaders to assess and refine our cybersecurity risk posture and preparedness.
For example, we regularly evaluate and update contingency strategies for our business in the event that a portion of our information
resources were to be unavailable due to a cybersecurity incident. We practice our response to potential cybersecurity incidents through
regular tabletop exercises, threat hunting and red team exercises. 

We also verify the resilience of our security
posture by regularly conducting vulnerability management programs, where we test on potential vulnerabilities of our systems, endpoints
connected to the company perimeter and remediate it to stay free from any software or configuration holes. 

Governance of cybersecurity risk management 

The board of directors, as a whole, has oversight
responsibility for our strategic and operational risks and sets associated risk parameters and tolerance levels. The audit committee
assists the board of directors with this responsibility by reviewing and discussing the defined risks, its assessment and proposed mitigation
strategies, including cybersecurity risks, with members of management. The audit committee, in turn, periodically reports on its review
with the board of directors. 

Management is responsible for day-to-day assessment and management
of cybersecurity risks and reports regularly to the audit committee. 

Zedge s Cybersecurity risk governance has several components
that can help our organization understand and implement cybersecurity governance practices achieve long-term cybersecurity goals beyond
the day-to-day information security tasks, align with legal and regulatory compliance, and the direction of the Company through: 

Developing a mature cybersecurity culture which ensures that
 all employees understand they are stakeholders in cybersecurity. Employees not only engage
 with cybersecurity controls but must be proactive in risk mitigation and remediation. 

Cyber risk assessments which identify cybersecurity business
 risks and the Company s cybersecurity gaps and vulnerabilities. Using agreed-upon key
 performance indicators (KPIs), stakeholders can measure the Company s cybersecurity
 capabilities clearly and objectively. This facilitates our ability to audit the effectiveness
 of future vulnerabilities and remediation activities. 

An Accountability Framework which measures performance across
 departments and systems and ensures that those identified as responsible for meeting objectives
 are aware of the results and work with the cyber risk governance team leader to achieve and
 enhance them. With consistent feedback and the ability to reference established metrics,
 we can successfully monitor, review, and enforce cyber risk governance plans. In turn, through
 these processes, we improve our framework, remediate serious issues, and update organizational
 cyber risk governance roadmaps accordingly. 

43 

Item 2. Properties 

Since July 2020, we have not maintained a physical
headquarters, but maintain a virtual presence as our headquarters as our corporate staff has been working remotely. We lease a 4,900 square-foot
office in Trondheim, Norway, as well as a satellite development center in Vilnius, Lithuania, that accommodate our product, design, monetization,
marketing and technology teams. The Trondheim lease is due to expire in March 2027. We lease approximately 2,200 square feet of office
space in Tel Aviv, Israel that accommodates members of both the GuruShots and Zedge teams. The Tel Aviv lease is due to expire in October
2026. Our servers are hosted in leased data centers in different geographic locations in the United States. These data centers are owned
and maintained by third-party data center providers. The Company believes it has sufficient space to accommodate its employees and operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We may from time to time be subject to legal
proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, we do not expect any of
those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

44 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Class B Common Stock 

Our Class B common stock is quoted on the NYSE
American stock exchange under the trading symbol ZDGE. Trading commenced on the NYSE American on June 1, 2016. On October 28, 2024, the
last sales price reported on the NYSE American for our Class B common stock was 3.05
per share. 

On
October 28, 2024, there were 263 holders of record of our Class B common stock and 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock.
As of October 28, 2024, all shares of Class A common stock are beneficially owned by Michael Jonas. The number of holders of record of
our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in street name accounts
through brokers. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of our operational needs) and retain certain minimum cash
reserves. Distributions will be subject to the need to retain earnings for investment in growth opportunities or the acquisition of complementary
assets. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation
S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024 and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Performance Graph of Stock 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

In October 2021, our board of directors authorized
a repurchase program of up to 1.5 million shares of our Class B common stock at a maximum aggregate purchase price of 3.0 million 2021
Share Repurchase Plan which was completed on August 28, 2024. On September 9, 2024, our Board approved a new 5 million share
buyback program (the 2024 Share Repurchase Plan ). Repurchases under the 2021 Share Repurchase Plan were, and under the
2024 Share Repurchase Plan are to be, made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions,
subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to
occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18. We may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans to facilitate
repurchases of its shares. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of our Class A common stock,
has no expiration date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at our discretion. 

45 

The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the
fourth quarter fiscal of 2024: 

Total 
 Number of Shares Purchased as 
 Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares that May 

Total 
 Number of 
 Average 
 Price 
 Part of 
 Publicly 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 
 Period 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 Paid Per 
 Share(1) 
 Announced 
Programs 
 Under the 
 Program 

(in thousands) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 May 1, 2024 to May 31, 2024 
 16 
 2.65 
 16 
 1,227 
 
 June 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024 
 77 
 2.88 
 77 
 1,007 
 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 59 
 3.72 
 59 
 788 
 
 Total 
 152 
 
 152 

(1) 
 The average price paid per
 share includes any broker commissions. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements
that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the
reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Overview 

Zedge, Inc. Zedge builds digital
marketplaces and friendly competitive games around content that people use to express themselves. Our leading products include Zedge
Ringtones and Wallpapers, which we refer to as our Zedge App, a freemium digital content marketplace offering mobile phone
wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, and notification sounds as well as pAInt, a generative AI wallpaper maker, GuruShots, a skill-based
photo challenge game, and Emojipedia, the #1 trusted source for all things emoji . Our vision is to enable and connect creators
who enjoy friendly competitions with a community of prospective consumers in order to drive commerce. 

We are part of the Creator Economy, 
which Goldman Sachs estimates is worth 250 billion globally. 5 According to Linktree, over 200 million individuals identify
as creators, people who use their influence, skill, and creativity to amass an audience and monetize it. 6 Furthermore, Influencer
Marketing Hub reports that out of 2,000 surveyed creators, 44.9 identify as full-time creators, 7 and Exploding Topics reports
that 10 of influencers earn more than 100,000 per year. 8 We view the Creator Economy as an opportunity for Zedge to expand
our business, especially as we execute by connecting our gamers with our marketplace. 

5 https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2024-01-08/creator-influencer-economy-2024-predictions-social-media-stars 

6 https://linktr.ee/creator-report 

7 https://influencermarketinghub.com/creator-earnings-benchmark-report 

8 https://explodingtopics.com/blog/creator-economy-stats# 

46 

Our Zedge app (which is named Zedge Wallpapers 
in the App Store) offers a wide array of mobile personalization content including wallpapers, video wallpapers, ringtones, and notification
sounds, and is available both in Google Play and the App Store. As of July 31, 2024, our Zedge App had been installed nearly 674 million
times since inception and, over the past two fiscal years, has had between 26.1 million and 32.2 million monthly active users MAU ),
ending with 26.1 million MAU as of July 31, 2024. MAU is a key performance indicator KPI for our Zedge app that captures
the number of unique users that used our Zedge App during the final 30 days of the relevant period. Our platform allows creators to upload
content to our marketplace and avail it to our users either for free or, via Zedge Premium, the section of our marketplace
where we offer premium content for purchase. In turn, our users utilize the content to personalize their phones and express their individuality. 

In fiscal 2023, we introduced pAInt, a generative
AI wallpaper maker in the Zedge App. A generative AI wallpaper maker is an implementation of artificial intelligence software that can
create images from text descriptions. To interface with a generative AI image maker, a user enters a text description of the image they
want to create, and the software generates an image based on that description. In addition, we upgraded Zedge+, our paid subscription
offering by bundling together an ad-free experience with value adds making the offering more compelling. 

We often refer to our freemium ringtones and
wallpapers, our subscription offering, the functionality for creators to market their products and ancillary offering and features both
in our Zedge App and website, as our Zedge Marketplace. 

The Zedge Marketplace s monetization stack
consists of advertising revenue generated when users view advertisements when using the Zedge App (and the related functionality under
the zedge.net website), the in-app sale of Zedge Credits, our virtual currency, that is used to purchase Zedge Premium content, and a
paid-subscription offering that provides an ad-free experience to users that purchase a monthly or annual subscription. In April 2023,
we introduced a subscription tier in the iOS version of the app. As of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 669,0000 active subscribers. 

In April 2022, we acquired GuruShots Ltd, a recognized
category leader focused on gamifying the photography vertical. GuruShots offers a platform spanning iOS, Android, and the web that provides
a fun, educational and structured way for amateur photographers to compete in a wide variety of contests showcasing their photos while
gaining recognition with votes, badges, and awards. We estimate that the total addressable market of amateur photographers using their
smartphones to take and publicly share artistic photos is 30-40 million people per month and that the market is still in its infancy.
Every month, GuruShots stages more than 300 competitions that result in players uploading in excess of 670,000 photographs and casting
close to 3.2 billion perceived votes, which are calculated by multiplying the number of votes that each player casts by
a weighting factor based on various factors related to that user. To improve engagement, GuruShots has adopted a set of retention dynamics
focused on individual, team and community dynamics that create a sense of belonging, inspiration, recognition, improvement, and competition. 

GuruShots utilizes a Free-to-Play 
business model and generates revenue through in-app purchases of virtual currency. Players can use this currency to unlock competitions
or gain an edge by purchasing resources and participating in additional gameplay. Over the past seven years, the monthly average paying
player spend has increased in excess of 9.9 annually to more than 50.9 per player. 

47 

In fiscal 2024, we revamped GuruShots 
customer onboarding experience by guiding new players through simplified photo competitions of limited size and duration. The upgrade
was designed to enhance the gaming experience for new players by increasing their potential for winning and providing immediate gratification.
The new onboarding has shown improvements in engagement, retention, and revenue from new users. In addition, we migrated to a coin-based
economy with multiple currencies in order to enable more players to earn and spend their currency on in-game resources. 

We market GuruShots to prospective players, primarily
via paid user acquisition channels, and utilize a host of creative formats including static and video ads in order to promote the game.
Our marketing team invests material resources in analyzing all attributes of a campaign ranging from, among others, the creative assets,
offer acquisition channel and platform (i.e., iOS, Android, and web), with the goal of determining whether a specific campaign is likely
to yield a profitable customer. When we unearth a successful combination of these variables we scale up until we experience diminishing
returns. Ultimately, we believe that the efforts we are making to advance the product coupled with the investment in user acquisition
can significantly increase GuruShots player base. 

Since the start of fiscal 2025 Cost per Install
(CPI) have trended down considerably leading us to believe that our efforts are yielding fruit. It s too early to say with conviction
whether this trend is sustainable as we scale user acquisition and whether these users will provide sufficient long-term ROI; however,
we believe that these early results are encouraging. 

Beyond our commitment to growing both the Zedge
App and GuruShots on a standalone basis, we believe that there are many potential synergies that we can capitalize on that exist between
the two businesses. Specifically, we plan to enable GuruShots players to become Zedge Premium artists and sell their photos to our audience
of 25+ million MAU (as of July 31, 2024) as standard digital images. In addition, we are benefitting from the experience that the GuruShots
team possesses in gamifying the Zedge App. We believe that successful gamification can contribute to increasing engagement, retention,
and lifetime value, all critical KPIs for our business. Longer term, we believe that there are complementary content verticals that lend
themselves to gamification. One example is our hybrid casual title, AI Art Master, which has been in soft-launch in the
Philippines, Poland, and India, that enables players to create generative AI images and compete in themed-based competitions with these
images. Based on analyzing user data and performing extensive user testing, we will determine whether to refine the user experience and
scale or cease development of this title. 

In August 2021, we acquired Emojipedia Pty Ltd,
the world s leading authority dedicated to providing up-to-date and well-researched emoji definitions, information, and news, as
well as World Emoji Day and the annual World Emoji Awards. In July 2024, Emojipedia received approximately 37.6 million monthly page
views and has approximately 9.6 million monthly active users as of July 31, 2024 of which approximately 46.7 are located in well-developed
markets. It is the top resource for all things emoji, offering insights into data and cultural trends. As a member of the Unicode Consortium,
the standards body responsible for approving new emojis, Emojipedia works alongside major emoji creators including Apple, Google, Meta,
and X, formerly known as Twitter. 

We believe that Emojipedia provides growth potential
to the Zedge App, and it was immediately accretive to earnings post acquisition in August 2021. In the past year, we have made many changes
to Emojipedia including overhauling its backend, redesigning the Emojipedia website, and introducing new entertainment-focused features
to the site. We will continue to enhance this offering and are exploring additional new features which use artificial intelligence, some
of which will be released before the end of the calendar year. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation
of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require
application of management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and
may change in subsequent periods. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

48 

The methods, estimates, interpretations, and
judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies can have a significant impact on the results that we report in our
consolidated financial statements. The SEC considers an entity s most critical accounting policies to be those policies that are
both most important to the portrayal of the entity s financial condition and results of operations and those that require the entity s
most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make assumptions and estimates about matters that
are inherently uncertain. We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments, estimates
and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
 Recognition 

Intangible
 Assets-Net 

Goodwill 

Capitalized
 software and technology development costs 

Stock-Based
 Compensation 

Income
 Taxes 

See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion
of our significant accounting policies. 

Revenue Recognition 

We generate revenue from the following sources:
(1) Advertising; (2) Paid Subscriptions; (3) Other revenues (primarily from Zedge Premium) from the sale of premium content (i.e., for
purchase), and (4) Digital Goods and Services. The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from selling our advertising inventory Advertising Revenue to advertising networks and advertising exchanges. Our weekly, monthly, yearly and life-time subscriptions
allow users to prepay a fixed fee to remove unsolicited advertisements from our Zedge App. In Zedge Premium, we receive 30 as a fee
when users purchase licensed content using Zedge Credits or unlock licensed content by watching a video or taking a survey on Zedge Premium.
Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues. 

Advertising Revenue : We generate
the bulk of our revenue from selling the Zedge Marketplace s advertising inventory to advertising networks and advertising exchanges
and direct sales to advertisers. 

Advertising Networks. An advertising network is a third-party relationship where buyers of advertising
 inventory go to purchase either specific targeted inventory or a large scale of inventory at a set price. Advertising Networks serve
 as an indirect source of advertising fill to a variety of branded ad campaigns and performance-based ad campaigns. 

Advertising Exchanges. An advertising exchange is similar to an advertising network, except that
 the exchange typically bids in real-time for inventory. Advertisers may utilize an exchange when looking for scale or specific audiences,
 and accept that the price will vary based on when and how much volume of inventory they wish to buy. 

We recognize advertising
revenue as advertisements are delivered to users through impressions or ad views (depending on the terms agreed upon with the advertiser).
For in-app display ads, in-app offers, engagement advertisements and other advertisements, our performance obligations are satisfied
over the life of the relevant contract (i.e., over time), with revenue being recognized as advertising units are delivered, which is
Zedge s performance obligation. The advertiser may compensate us on a cost-per-impression, cost-per-click, cost-per-action basis. 

49 

Paid Subscription Revenue: Beginning
in January 2019 and April 2023, we started offering paid subscription services sold through Google Play and App Store, respectively.
When a customer subscribes, they execute a clickthrough agreement with Zedge outlining the terms and conditions between Zedge and the
subscriber. Google Play and App Store process subscription prepayment on Zedge s behalf, and retain a fee of up to 30 . Subscriptions
are nonrefundable after a period of seven days. Paid subscriptions are automatically renewed at expiration unless cancelled by subscribers.
While the customer can cancel at any time, he or she will not receive any refund but will remain entitled to receive the ad free service
until the end of the subscription period. The duration of these contracts is daily, and revenue for these contracts is recognized on
a daily ratable basis. The payment terms for subscriptions sold through Google Play is net 30 days after month-end. The payment
terms for subscriptions sold through App Store is net 45 days after month-end. We recognize subscription revenue ratably over the subscription
periods which range from weekly, monthly, yearly and lifetime with an estimated lifespan of 30 months. 

Zedge Premium :
Zedge Premium is our marketplace where artists and brands can market, distribute and sell their digital content to Zedge s users.
The content owner sets the price and the end user can purchase the content by paying for it with Zedge Credits, our closed virtual currency.
Alternatively, the content owner may opt to place some items behind video ad gates, in which case the end user can acquire the content
by watching a brief video ad. A user can earn Zedge Credits when taking specific actions such as watching rewarded videos or completing
electronic surveys. Alternatively, users can buy Zedge Credits with an in-app purchase. If a user purchases Zedge Credits, Google Play
or App Store retains a fee of 30 of the purchase price. When a user purchases Zedge Premium content using Zedge credits or watching
a rewarded video, the artist or brand receives 70 of the actual revenue after the Google Play or iTunes fee Royalty Payment and we receive the remaining 30 , which is recognized as revenue. 

Digital Goods
and Services : GuruShots generates substantially all of its revenues by selling virtual goods (ex. power-ups), in-game resources
to its users. GuruShots distributes its game to the end customer through mobile platforms such as Apple s App Store and Google
Play, as well as via the web. Through these platforms, users can download the free-to-play game and can purchase virtual goods which
are redeemed in the game to enhance their game-playing experience. 

Players can pay for
their virtual item purchases through various widely accepted payment methods offered in the game. Payments from players for virtual goods
are required at the time of purchase, are non-cancellable and relate to non-cancellable contracts that specify GuruShots obligations
and cannot be redeemed for cash nor exchanged for anything other than virtual goods within the GuruShots game. The purchase price
is a fixed amount which reflects the consideration that GuruShots expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for use of virtual goods
by its customers. The platform providers collect proceeds from the game players and remit the proceeds to GuruShots after deducting their
respective platform fees. Sales and other taxes collected from customers on behalf of governmental authorities are accounted for on a
net basis and are not included in revenues or operating expenses. GuruShots performance obligation is to display the virtual goods
in game play based upon the nature of the virtual item. 

GuruShots categorizes
its virtual goods as consumable. GuruShots game sells only consumable virtual goods. Consumable virtual goods represent items
that can be consumed by a specific player action and do not provide the player any continuing benefit following consumption. GuruShots
has determined through a review of game play behavior that players generally do not purchase additional virtual goods until their existing
virtual goods balances have been substantially consumed. This review includes an analysis of game players historical play behavior,
purchase behavior, and the amounts of virtual goods outstanding. Revenue is recognized once the virtual goods are sold. GuruShots monitors
its analysis of customer play behavior on a quarterly basis. 

As discussed above,
GuruShots concluded that revenue related to the promise of enhancing users gaming experience through in-game resource purchases
should be recognized ratably over the period of benefit period (i.e., the period over which the enhanced gaming experience is provided).
However, for practical reasons, GuruShots does not defer the portion of revenue attributable to future uses of resources as of any given
balance sheet date. This is due to the duration of the enhanced gaming experience that is provided being, in substantially all of the
cases, and applying the portfolio approach (as GuruShots reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements of applying
ASC 606 guidance to the portfolio would not differ materially from applying ASC 606 guidance to the individual contracts), a very short
time frame ranging from a few hours to less than two weeks. Therefore, the result of recognizing the related revenues at the point in
time which user first consumes the respective resource would yield a result that is not substantially different then ratable recognition
over the period of benefit. Accordingly, revenue is recognized once the virtual goods are sold. 

50 

Gross Versus Net Revenue Recognition 

We report revenue on a gross or net basis based
on management s assessment of whether we act as a principal or agent in the transaction. To the extent we act as the principal,
revenue is reported on a gross basis. To the extent we act as the agent, revenue is reported on a net basis. The determination of whether
we act as a principal or an agent in a transaction is based on an evaluation of whether we control the good or service prior to transfer
to the customer. 

We generally report our advertising revenue net
of amounts due to agencies and brokers because we are not the primary obligor in the relevant arrangements, we do not finalize the pricing,
and we do not establish or maintain a direct relationship with the advertiser. Certain advertising arrangements that are directly between
us and advertisers are recognized on a gross basis equal to the price paid to us by the customer since we are the primary obligor and
we determine the price. Any third-party costs related to such direct relationships are recognized as direct cost of revenues. 

GuruShots is primarily responsible for providing
the virtual goods, has control over the content and functionality of games and has the discretion to establish the virtual goods 
prices. Therefore, GuruShots is the principal and, accordingly revenues are recorded on a gross basis. Payment processing fees paid to
platform providers are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. 

We report subscription revenue gross of the fee
retained by Google Play and App Store, as the subscriber is our customer in the contract and we control the service prior to the transfer
to the subscriber. 

With respect to Zedge Premium, Zedge, as provider
of the platform, is effectively operating as a broker or intermediary connecting online content providers with the end user. While we
use gross revenue (net of the 30 fee retained by Google Play or App Store when a user purchases Zedge Credits) as a performance
metric, we record net revenue from Zedge Premium which consists of a 30 platform fee, in-app purchases profit and breakage. Content
providers are paid their portion of revenue which is a 70 share of the gross revenue calculated. 

Intangible Assets-Net 

We test the recoverability of its intangible
assets with finite useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be
recoverable. We test for recoverability based on the projected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected
undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the
difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset. We generally measure fair value by considering sale
prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow
projections and fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions
prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material. 

Intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated
amortization, unless a determination has been made that their value has been impaired. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful lives of between five to fifteen years. We review identifiable amortizable intangible assets to be
held and used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable.
Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset
over its fair value. We recorded 11.9 million impairment charges in Q2 of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price
and related costs over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the business acquired. Under ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other , goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment annually, or if certain circumstances indicate a possible
impairment may exist. 

51 

We test goodwill for impairment on the first
day of the fourth fiscal quarter or upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the asset might be impaired.
Goodwill is assigned to our reporting units, which are our operating segments, or components of an operating segment, that constitute
a business for which discrete financial information is available, and for which segment management regularly reviews the operating results.
During the annual impairment review process we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment (commonly referred to as step
zero over relative events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying value or to perform a quantitative assessment step one where we estimate the fair value
of each reporting unit using primarily a market capitalization approach. 

We would recognize an impairment charge for the
amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the
total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, we consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill
on the carrying amount of its reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. 

We performed an interim impairment test during
the third quarter of fiscal 2023 and concluded that the carrying value of the GuruShots reporting unit exceeded its fair value. Accordingly,
we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 8.7 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. See Note 7, Intangible
Assets-Net and Goodwill , for additional information) to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Capitalized software and technology development
costs 

Capitalized Software and Technology Development Costs-Internal-Use
Software 

Software and technology development activities
generally fall into three stages: 

1 
 Planning
 Stage activities include developing a project or business plan that outlines the goals for the content distribution platform
 or new product or service; determining the functionality; identifying hardware and software applications that will achieve functionality,
 security, and traffic flows; and selecting the internal resources that will be assigned to the project as well as the external vendors
 where applicable. 

2 
 Application
 and Infrastructure Development Stage activities focus on acquiring or developing hardware and software to operate a content distribution
 platform or new product and service; and 

3 
 Post-Implementation/Operating
 Stage activities address training, administration, maintenance, and all other activities to operate an existing content distribution
 platform or new product or service. 

During the Planning Stage, we charge all costs to expense as incurred. 

During the Application and Infrastructure Development
Stage, we begin to capitalize costs when the project has been properly authorized and we determine that completion is probable. If a
project is subsequently cancelled prior to placement in service, costs that have been capitalized to date will be reviewed for potential
impairment. Capitalization ceases no later than the point at which a computer software project is substantially complete and ready for
its intended use. Amortization, which is generally over three years, begins for each project when the code is ready for use, whether
or not it is actually placed in service at that time (an exception being if the project s functionality completely depends on the
completion of another project, in which case, amortization begins when that other project is ready for use). 

During the Post-Implementation/Operating Stage,
we expense training costs and maintenance costs as incurred. However, upgrades and enhancements, defined as modifications to existing
internal-use software that result in additional functionality (modifications to enable the software to perform tasks that it was previously
incapable of performing, normally requiring new software specifications and perhaps a change to all or part of the existing software
specifications) are treated as though they were new projects, and are assessed utilizing the same stages and criteria on a project-by-project
basis. As such, internal costs incurred for upgrades and enhancements are expensed or capitalized based on the requirements noted above,
while costs incurred for maintenance are expensed as incurred. These projects are tracked individually, such that the beginning and ending
of the capitalization can be appropriately established, as well as the amounts capitalized therein. 

Amortization of these costs is included in depreciation
and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

52 

Capitalized Software and Technology Development Costs-Software
to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed 

We expense research and development costs incurred
in the process of software development until technological feasibility has been established for the product. Once technological feasibility
has been established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Costs incurred
from the time that the product is available for general release to customers are expensed as incurred. Costs related to upgrades and
enhancements are capitalized only if they result in added functionality or marketability of the original product. 

The amortization of these capitalized costs begins
when a product is available for general release to customers and is computed on a product-by-product basis at a rate not less than straight-line
basis over the product s estimated economic life. At each balance sheet date, we compare the unamortized capitalized costs to the
net realizable value of that product and write off the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs of that product exceed its net
realizable value. 

Amortization of these costs is included in depreciation
and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for our share-based compensation arrangements
in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation
expense for all share-based payment awards to employees and directors based on estimated fair values on the grant date. Compensation cost
for awards is recognized using the straight-line method over the vesting period or the graded vesting method if awards with market or
performance conditions include graded vesting features or if an award includes both a service condition and a market or performance condition.
Stock-based compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

Income Taxes 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the consolidated financial statements carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the
generation of future taxable income during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible. We consider the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in its assessment of a valuation
allowance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of such change. 

We use a two-step approach for recognizing and
measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position
will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits
of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, We presume that the position
will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of tax benefit to recognize in the consolidated financial
statements. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements
will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income
tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

We classify interest and penalties on income
taxes as a component of income tax expense included in the provision for (benefit from) income taxes line item in our consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

53 

Trends and Uncertainties 

Current Economic Conditions 

As a majority of our users and our
day-to-day operations including software developments and sales and marketings occurs outside of the United States, we are exposed
to and impacted by global macroeconomic factors, U.S. and foreign government policies and foreign exchange fluctuations. There is
uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic factors in the U.S., and globally, characterized by the supply chain environment, inflationary
pressure, and workforce reductions. We believe these macroeconomic conditions coupled with the global political climate and unrest,
including the ongoing Israel-Hamas war, will have a significant impact on advertising spend which accounts for approximately 70 of
our revenue in fiscal 2024. In addition, although we currently do not believe inflation in the costs and expenses will have a
material impact on our results of operations, it is possible that elevated inflation could increase our direct cost of revenues
and/or operating expenses and reduce our gross profit and net income. 

The Israel-Hamas War 

Given our operations in Israel, the impact of
economic, political, geopolitical, and military conditions in the region directly affects us, including conflicts involving missile strikes,
infiltrations, and terrorism. Notably, on October 7, 2023, Hamas launched attacks in southern Israel, resulting in casualties and military
engagement. In addition, Hezbollah, another terrorist organization based in Lebanon has been indiscriminately shelling Israel since October
8, 2023. The extent and duration of this conflict remain uncertain, potentially involving other groups. Israel s response led to
the mobilization of reservists, affecting our workforce. Prior to this, changes in Israel s judicial system had already raised
concerns about the business environment, compounded by recent events, potentially impacting foreign investment, currency fluctuations,
credit ratings, interest rates, and security markets. Furthermore, regional political unrest and threats from extremist groups, notably
Iran, pose additional risks. Management and our Board of Directors are closely monitoring the situation in Israel to address potential
business disruptions and implications. 

Key Performance Indicators 

Our results of operations discussion includes
disclosure of four key performance indicators - Monthly Active Users (MAU) and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active User (ARPMAU) for our
Zedge App and Monthly Active Payers (MAP) and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer (ARMAP) for GuruShots. 

Zedge App s MAU and ARPMAU 

MAU is a key performance indicator that captures
the number of unique users that used our Zedge App in the last thirty days of the relevant period, which is important to understanding
the size of the user base for our Zedge App which is a significant driver of revenue. Changes and trends in MAU are useful for measuring
the general health of our business, gauging both present and potential customers experience, assessing the efficacy of product
improvements and marketing campaigns and overall user engagement. ARPMAU is valuable because it provides insight into how well we monetize
our users and the changes and trends in ARPMAU are indications of how effective our monetization investments are. 

As of July 31, 2024 MAU declined 15.5 year over
year primarily due to attrition in both developed markets and emerging markets. Additionally, we have experienced a continuing shift
in the regional customer make-up with MAU in emerging markets (particularly India) representing an increasing portion of our user base.
As of July 31, 2024, users in emerging markets represented 78.9 of our MAU compared to 78.0 a year prior. This shift has negatively
impacted revenue because advertising rates in emerging markets are materially lower than in well-developed markets. 

ARPMAU increased 43.3 for the three months ended
July 31, 2023 when compared to the same period a year ago, primarily due to higher advertising rate and higher subscription revenue. 

54 

The following tables present the MAU Zedge App and ARPMAU
 Zedge App for the three months ended July 31, 2024 as compared to the same period a year ago: 

Three Months Ended July 31, 

(in millions, except percentages and ARPMAU - Zedge App) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 MAU- Zedge App 
 26.1 
 30.9 
 -15.5 
 
 Developed Markets MAU - Zedge App 
 5.5 
 6.8 
 -19.1 
 
 Emerging Markets MAU - Zedge App 
 20.6 
 24.1 
 -14.5 
 
 Emerging Markets MAU - Zedge App/Total MAU - Zedge App 
 78.9 
 78.0 
 1.2 

ARPMAU - Zedge App 
 0.0791 
 0.0552 
 43.3 

The following charts present the MAU 
Zedge App and ARPMAU Zedge App for the consecutive eight fiscal quarters ended July 31, 2024: 

GuruShots-MAPs and ARPMAP 

Monthly Active Payers MAPs ).
 We define a MAP as a unique active user on the GuruShots app or GuruShots.com in a month that completed at least one in-app purchase IAP during that time period. MAPs for a time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each month during
that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating certain data from third-party attribution platforms. 

Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ARPMAP ).
 We define ARPMAP as (i) the total revenue from IAPs derived from GuruShots and GuruShots.com in a monthly period, divided by (ii)
MAPs in that same period. ARPMAP for a particular time period longer than one month is the average ARPMAP for each month during that
period. ARPMAP shows how efficiently we are monetizing each MAP. 

The following table shows our MAP and ARPMAP
for the three months ended July 31, 2024 as compared to the same period a year ago: 

Three Months Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Monthly Active Payers 
 4,521 
 6,444 
 -29.8 
 
 Average Revenue per Monthly Active Payer 
 52.5 
 50.3 
 4.4 

55 

The following charts present the MAP and ARPMAP
 GuruShots for the consecutive eight quarters ended July 31, 2024: 

Our KPIs related to GuruShots are not based on
any standardized industry methodology and are not necessarily calculated in the same manner that other companies or third parties may
use to calculate these or similarly titled measures. The numbers that we use to calculate MAP and ARPMAP are derived from data that we
generate internally. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable judgments and estimates for the applicable period
of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We regularly review and may adjust our processes for
calculating our internal metrics to improve their accuracy. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth certain of our
consolidated results of operations data for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Revenues 
 30,091 
 27,241 
 2,850 
 10.5 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 1,859 
 2,242 
 (383 
 -17.1 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 25,625 
 21,857 
 3,768 
 17.2 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,454 
 3,269 
 (815 
 -24.9 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 11,958 
 - 
 11,958 
 nm 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 - 
 8,727 
 (8,727 
 nm 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 - 
 (1,943 
 1,943 
 nm 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (11,805 
 (6,911 
 (4,894 
 70.8 
 
 Interest and other income, net 
 626 
 311 
 315 
 101.3 
 
 Net (loss) income resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (190 
 36 
 (226 
 nm 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (2,198 
 (462 
 (1,736 
 375.8 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,171 
 (6,102 
 (3,069 
 50.3 

nm-not meaningful 

56 

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Revenues 

The following table sets forth the composition
of our revenues for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 

2023 

Changes 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Zedge Marketplace 

Advertising revenue 

21,042 

18,273 

15.2 

Paid subscription revenue 

4,349 

3,488 

24.7 

Other revenues 

1,225 

833 

47.1 

Total Zedge Marketplace revenue 

26,616 

22,594 

17.8 

GuruShots 

Digital goods and services 

3,475 

4,647 

-25.2 

Total revenue 

30,091 

27,241 

10.5 

The following table summarizes our subscription
revenue for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except revenue per subscriber and percentages) 
 
 Subscription Revenue 
 4,349 
 3,488 
 24.7 
 
 Active subscriptions net increase (decrease) 
 22 
 (45 
 nm 
 
 Active subscriptions at end of period 
 669 
 647 
 3.4 
 
 Average active subscriptions during the period 
 654 
 657 
 -0.5 
 
 Average monthly revenue per active subscription 
 0.55 
 0.44 
 25.0 

nm-not meaningful 

The following table presents
a reconciliation of subscription billings to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for the fiscal years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023. We calculate subscription billings by adding the change in subscription deferred revenue between the start and end of
the period to subscription revenue recognized in the same period. Subscription billings is a performance measure that we believe provides
useful information to our management and investors as it allows us to better track the growth of the subscription-based portion of our
business, which is a critical part of our business plan. The 1.4 million increase in deferred revenue for the 12-month period ended
July 31, 2024 was primarily attributable to the life-time subscription offering we introduced in fiscal 2024. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Subscription Revenue 
 4,349 
 3,488 
 24.7 
 
 Changes in subscription deferred revenue 
 1,356 
 16 
 nm 
 
 Subscription Billings (Non-GAAP) 
 5,705 
 3,504 
 62.8 

nm-not meaningful 

57 

The following table summarizes Zedge Premium
gross and net revenue for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Changes 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Zedge Premium-gross revenue GTV 
 2,148 
 1,544 
 39.1 
 
 Zedge Premium-net revenue 
 1,196 
 826 
 44.8 
 
 Gross margin 
 56 
 53 

For the twelve months ended
July 31, 2024, our advertising revenue increased by 2.8 million, or 15.2 , from the prior 12-month period primarily due to the increase
in price per advertising impression paid by the advertisers on our platform which was driven by increased competition for our ad inventory. 

For the twelve months ended
July 31, 2024, our subscription revenue increased by 0.9 million, or 24.7 , from the prior 12-month period primarily due to a new iOS
subscription offering we introduced in April 2023 and the lifetime subscriptions for Android we rolled out in August 2023. Both initiatives
contributed to the 2.2 million increase in subscription billings for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, or 62.8 , from the prior
year period. 

For the twelve months ended
July 31, 2024, our other revenue increased by 0.4 million, or 47.1 , from the prior year period. The increase in fiscal 2024 was primarily
due to Zedge Premium net revenue growth which increased 0.4 million, or 44.8 , compared to fiscal 2023. Zedge Premium gross margin was
56 in fiscal 2024 compared to 53 in fiscal 2023. We introduced certain AI generative features in our Zedge App in fiscal 2024 which
contributed in part to the higher gross margin in fiscal 2024 as we keep 100 of the associated revenue, i.e. no royalty payment owed
to the content creators. 

For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, Digital
Goods and Services revenue decreased by 1.2 million, or 25.2 from the prior year period primarily due to the 26.3 decrease in GuruShots 
MAPs year over year. 

Direct cost of revenues .
 Direct cost of revenues consists primarily of content hosting, content serving and filtering, and data analytic tools, excluding
amortization of capitalized software and technology development costs for both internal used software and software to be sold, leased,
or marketed. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Direct cost of revenues 
 1,859 
 2,242 
 -17.1 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 6.2 
 8.2 

Direct cost of revenues in fiscal 2024 decreased
by 0.4 million, or 17.1 , compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to the revamping of our backend infrastructure as part of the cost reduction
initiatives implemented during Q3 fiscal 2023. As a result, direct cost of revenues as percentage of revenue in fiscal 2024 declined
to 6.2 from 8.2 in fiscal 2023. 

Selling, general and administrative expense .
 Selling, general and administrative expense SG A consists mainly of payroll and benefits, user acquisition costs,
stock-based compensation expense (as discussed below), third-party payment processing fee relate to in-app purchases, marketing, consulting,
professional fees, software licensing fees, recruiting fees, facilities and public company related expenses. 

58 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 25,625 
 21,857 
 17.2 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 85.2 
 80.2 

SG A expense in fiscal
2024 increased by 3.8 million, or 17.2 , compared to fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 3.8 million in user
acquisition costs offset by a decrease of 0.4 million in stock-based compensation. We ramped up paid user acquisition for the Zedge
App significantly but scaled back paid user acquisition for GuruShots in fiscal 2024 when compared to fiscal 2023. As a percentage of
revenue, SG A expense was 85.2 in fiscal 2024 compared to 80.2 in fiscal 2023. 

Our headcount was 99 and 95 as of July 31, 2024
and 2023 respectively. The majority of our employees are based in Lithuania and Israel. 

SG A expense also included stock-based compensation
expense including equity grants to employees and consultants, as well as stock issuances to pay for board compensations and 401(k) matching
contributions. Certain stock options, deferred stock unit and restricted stock grants are more fully described in Note 13, Stock-Based
Compensation , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The following table summarizes stock-based compensation
expense for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 2,141 
 2,519 
 -15.0 

Stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2024
decreased by 0.4 million, or 15.0 , compared to fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the lower compensation expense
related to deferred stock unit DSU grants with both service and market conditions which are recognized based on the graded
vesting method. 

Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation
and amortization expense consists mainly of amortization of intangible assets related to the GuruShots (prior to the full impairment
charge of 11.9 million recorded in Q2 of our fiscal 2024) and Emojipedia acquisitions, capitalized software and technology development
costs of our internal developers on various projects that we invested in specific to the various platforms on which we operate our service. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,454 
 3,269 
 -24.9 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 8.2 
 12.0 

Depreciation and amortization expense in fiscal
2024 decreased by 0.8 million, or 24.9 , compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to the 11.9 million impairment charge of intangible
assets recorded in Q2 of fiscal 2024 discussed below. 

Impairment of intangible assets .
We performed an impairment assessment of intangible assets of our GuruShots reporting segment in Q2 of fiscal 2024 and determined that
its fair value was approximately 0 and recorded a full impairment charge of 11.9 million, as more fully described in Note 7, Intangible
Assets, Net and Goodwill , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
information. 

59 

Impairment of goodwill. We performed
an interim impairment assessment of goodwill during Q3 of fiscal 2023 and determined that the fair value of the GuruShots reporting unit
exceeded its carrying value and recorded a 8.7 million goodwill impairment charge in Q3 of fiscal 2023, as more fully described in Note
7, Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for additional information. 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration.
 During fiscal 2023, we recorded a 1.9 million net benefit related to the change in fair value of our contingent consideration
payable (related to the GuruShots acquisition) in addition to the 4.0 million net benefit recorded in fiscal 2022. In effect, we reduced
the amount payable from 5.9 million to 0, due to the decrease in the likelihood that certain contingent payment milestones would be
achieved. 

Interest and other income, net. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Interest and other income, net 
 626 
 311 
 101.3 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 2.1 
 1.1 

The increase in interest and other income, net
in fiscal 2024 when compared to fiscal 2023 was due primarily to higher interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and lower
interest expense resulting from the 2 million prepayment of term loan in November 2023, offset by a 50,000 impairment charge related
to our investment in a privately held company of which the carrying value was reduced to 0 as of October 30, 2023. 

Net (loss) income resulting from foreign
exchange transactions . Net (loss) income resulting from foreign exchange transactions is comprised of gains and losses generated
from movements in Norwegian Krone NOK and Euros EUR relative to the U.S. Dollar, including gains or losses
from our currency hedging activities. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Net (loss) income resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
 (190 
 36 
 nm 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 -0.6 
 0.1 

nm-not meaningful 

In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we incurred loss of
 245,000 and gain of 14,000, respectively, from NOK and EUR hedging activities. 

We recognized a Mark to Market loss of 51,000
and a Mark to Market gain of 19,000 from NOK and EUR hedging activities, respectively, as of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, as more
fully described in Note 4, Derivative Instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Benefit from provision for income taxes .
 During fiscal 2024 we had a pretax loss of about 11.4 million in respect of which we accrued 2.2 million in income tax benefit,
an effective tax rate of 19.3 which is lower than the statutory rate primarily due to the addition of 185,000 in valuation allowances
related to certain stock-based compensation and the inclusion for U.S. tax purposes, of foreign earnings partially offset by state taxes
and foreign tax differential. 

60 

During fiscal 2023, we had a pretax loss of about
 6.6 million in respect of which we accrued 0.5 million in income tax benefit, an effective tax rate of 7.0 which is lower than the
statutory rate primarily due to the 8.7 million goodwill impairment charge which had an associated 2.8 million in tax basis and the
 1.9 million change in fair value of contingent consideration which had no tax basis. 

See Note 12, Income Taxes , to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for information regarding income taxes. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 (2,198 
 (462 
 375.8 
 
 As a percentage of revenues 
 -7.3 
 -1.7 

Comparison of our Segment Results of Operations 

The following table presents the results for
our Zedge Marketplace and GuruShots segment income (loss) from operations for the period indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Segment income (loss) from operations: 

Zedge Marketplace 
 5,667 
 6,352 
 (685 
 -10.8 
 
 GuruShots 
 (17,472 
 (13,263 
 (4,209 
 31.7 
 
 Total loss from operations 
 (11,805 
 (6,911 
 (4,894 
 70.8 

For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, our
income from operations related to Zedge Marketplace decreased by 0.7 million, or 10.8 , from the prior year period. This decrease was
primarily driven by an increase in SG A of 5.2 million, mitigated by an increase in Zedge Marketplace revenue of 4.0 million coupled
with a decrease of 0.2 million in our network infrastructure costs and a decrease of 0.3 million in depreciation and amortization expense. 

For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, our
loss from operations related to GuruShots increased by 4.0 million, or 30.3 , from the prior year period. This increase was primarily
driven by an increase in the acquisition related charges of 5.2 million and a decrease in digital goods and service revenue of 1.2
million, partially offset by a decrease in SG A of 1.7 million, a decrease of 0.2 million in the network infrastructure costs and
a decrease of 0.5 million in depreciation and amortization expense. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General 

At July 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents
of approximately 20.0 million and working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of 17.7 million. We currently expect that
our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements
for the twelve months following filing of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

61 

The following table presents selected cash flow information for the
periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Changes 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 5,850 
 3,162 
 2,688 
 
 Investing activities 
 (1,194 
 (2,422 
 1,228 
 
 Financing activities 
 (2,643 
 387 
 (3,030 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes
 on cash and cash equivalents 
 (140 
 (87 
 (53 
 
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 1,873 
 1,040 
 833 

Operating Activities 

Our cash flow from operating activities varies
significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results and the timing of operating cash receipts
and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. Cash provided by operating activities increased 2.9
million to 6.1 million in fiscal 2024 from 3.2 million in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the 1.2 million change in trade accounts payable
and accrued expenses and the 1.7 million in the change in deferred revenue. 

Changes in Trade Accounts Receivable 

Gross trade accounts receivables were 3.4 million
and 2.9 million at July 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively. Our cash collections in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were 29.2 million and 24.8
million, respectively. 

Investing Activities 

On August 1, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of
Emojipedia Pty Ltd for approximately 6.7 million. We made the final payment of about 1.0 million on August 1, 2022. 

Cash used in investing activities in the fiscal
years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 also consisted of capitalized software and technology development costs related to various projects
that we invested in specific to the various platforms on which we operate our service. 

Financing Activities 

On October 28, 2022, we entered into an Amended
Loan Agreement with Western Alliance Bank. Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, Western Alliance Bank agreed to provide the Company
with a new term loan facility in the maximum principal amount of 7,000,000 for a four-year term and a 4,000,000 revolving credit facility
for a two-year term. Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, 2,000,000 was advanced in a single-cash advance on the closing date on
October 28, 2022. 

At our request, the maximum principal amount of
the term loan was reduced to 2 million as of May 11, 2023. On November 15, 2023, the Company voluntarily prepaid the entire principal
amount of 2 million in accordance with the terms of the Amended Loan Agreement without incurring any prepayment penalty. As of July 31,
2024 and 2023, there were no availability under the term loan facility. 

On October 28, 2024, the revolving credit facility
was renewed for another four year term, please see Note 18, Subsequent Events , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part
II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

During fiscal 2024, we repurchased 211,495 shares
of our Class B Common Stock outstanding for approximately 633,000 pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase Plan. During fiscal 2023 we
repurchased 752,687 shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding for approximately 1,579,000 pursuant to the 2021 Share Repurchase
Plan. As of July 31, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization of approximately 788,000 for future share repurchases under the 2021
Repurchase Plan which was subsequently completed on August 28, 2024. On September 9, 2024, our Board approved a new 5 million share
buyback program please see Note 18, Subsequent Events , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

62 

In fiscal 2024, the Company received proceeds
of 2,975 from the exercise of stock options for which the Company issued 2,500 shares of its Class B common stock. In fiscal 2023,
we received proceeds of 1,785 from the exercise of stock options for which the Company issued 1,500 shares of its Class B common stock. 

In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, we purchased
6,328 shares and 6,310 shares respectively of Class B Stock from certain employees for 13,000 and 17,000 respectively, to satisfy tax
withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock and DSUs. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability and retain certain minimum cash reserves. The payment of dividends in any specific
period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers 

Historically, we have had very little or no bad
debt, which is common with other platforms of our size that derive their revenue from digital advertising, as we aggressively manage
our collections and perform due diligence on our customers. In addition, the majority of our revenue is derived from large, credit-worthy
customers, e.g. Google and Meta, and we terminate our services with smaller customers immediately upon balances becoming past due. Since
these smaller customers rely on us to derive their own revenue, they generally pay their outstanding balances on a timely basis. 

In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, two customers
represented 31 and 9 of our revenue. In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, two customers represented 26 and 16 of our revenue.
At July 31, 2024, three customers represented 37 , 15 and 10 of our accounts receivable balance and at July 31, 2023, two customers
represented 36 and 18 of our accounts receivable balance. All of these significant customers are advertising exchanges operated by
leading companies, and the receivables represent many smaller amounts due from advertisers. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 

In connection with the acquisition of GuruShots, the Company (i) committed
to a retention pool of 4 million in cash (in addition to the 4 million portion of the retention pool to be paid in the Company s
Class B common stock) to be paid to the founders and employees of GuruShots payable over three years from April 1, 2022 based on the
beneficiaries thereof remaining employed by the Company or a subsidiary; and (ii) agreed to invest a minimum in user acquisition in the
first 24 months following the closing subject to the acquired users generating minimum ROAS thresholds and payment of an earnout if certain
growth targets were met. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company and the prior owners
of GuruShots agreed to withdraw and settle claims related to the purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased the equity
of GuruShots, including any dispute about minimum user acquisition spend for GuruShots, any right of the prior owners to an earnout payment
and the Company s claim for indemnification related to alleged misrepresentations in the agreement. 

Reportable Segments 

Our business consists of two reportable segments. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, for discussion
of new accounting pronouncements. 

63 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risks. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of July 31, 2024. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We, the management of Zedge, Inc. and its subsidiaries
(the Company ), are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the
Company. 

The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by,
or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets
 of the Company; 

2. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

3. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. In making this assessment, the Company s management
used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our internal
control over financial reporting, as prescribed above, as of July 31, 2024. Based on our evaluation, our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective, at the reasonable
assurance level , as of July 31, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

64 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and
Corporate Governance 

The following is a list of our directors and
executive officers along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive Officers 

Jonathan Reich Chief Executive Officer and President 

Yi Tsai Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Michael Jonas Executive Chairman 

Directors 

Michael Jonas, Chairman of the Board 

Howard Jonas, Vice Chairman of the Board 

Mark Ghermezian 

Elliot Gibber 

Paul Packer 

Gregory Suess 

The remaining information required by this Item
will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate Governance 

We have included as exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We make available free of charge through the investor
relations page of our website investor.zedge.net our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers
and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are
available on our website. 

Our website and the information contained therein
or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

65 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following
 documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Financial Statements
covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule. 

All schedules have been omitted since
they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3. 
 Exhibits.
 Exhibit Numbers 10.1, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

The exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of
this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain of the agreements filed
as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for
the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may have
 been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures
 are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may apply
 standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were made
 only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly, these representations
and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at
any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

66 

(b) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 
 
 3.01(1) 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zedge, Inc. 
 
 3.02(2) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Zedge, Inc. 
 
 4.02(3) 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.01(4) 
 
 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated 
 
 10.02(1) 
 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 
 10.03(1) 
 
 Tax Separation Agreement 
 
 10.04(5) 
 
 Google Services Agreement between Zedge, Inc. and Google, Inc., dated June 18, 2014 
 
 10.05(6) 
 
 Marketplace for Premier Publishers Agreement between Zedge, Inc. and MoPub, Inc., dated February 20, 2013 
 
 10.06(6) 
 
 Zedge Holdings, Inc. 2008 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on November 1, 2011 
 
 10.07(1) 
 
 Form of ISO Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.08(1) 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10.09(1) 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement Modification Agreement between Zedge, Inc. and Western Alliance Bank, dated October 28, 2024 
 
 21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.01 
 
 Consent of UHY, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 97.01 
 
 Compensation Clawback Policy 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Form 10-12G/A, filed June 1, 2016. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Form 10-K, filed October 28, 2019 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Form 10-K/A, filed December 9, 2020. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Schedule 14A, filed November 28, 2022. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to Form 10-12G/A, filed April 25, 2016. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed May 20, 2016. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ZEDGE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan
 Reich 

Jonathan Reich 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: October 29, 2024 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan
 Reich 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Jonathan Reich 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yi Tsai 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Yi Tsai 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael
 Jonas 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Michael Jonas 

/s/ Howard
 S. Jonas 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Howard S. Jonas 

/s/ Mark Ghermezian 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Mark Ghermezian 

/s/ Elliot
 Gibber 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Elliot Gibber 

/s/ Paul Packer 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Paul Packer 

/s/ Gregory
 Suess 
 
 Director 
 
 October 29, 2024 
 
 Gregory Suess 

68 

Zedge, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm- UHY LLP (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Zedge, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Zedge, Inc. (the Company) as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the two-year period ended July 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Definite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment
 GuruShots Asset Group 

As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company identified indicators of impairment with the GuruShots asset group and performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis to determine
if the cash flows expected to be generated over the estimated remaining useful life of its primary assets were sufficient to recover the
carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis, the undiscounted cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value
of the asset group. As a result, the Company compared the carrying value of the asset group to its fair value, determined that the fair
value of the asset group was approximately zero, and recorded an impairment charge of 11.9 million related to the GuruShots asset group. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing
procedures relating to the definite-lived intangible assets impairment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by
management when developing the fair value measurements of the intangible assets; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions relating to the fair value measurements.
Significant assumptions included projected sales, cost of platform fees, selling and administrative expenses, long-term growth rates,
and the weighted average cost of capital. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value measurements; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness
of the methodology used; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data; and (iv) evaluating the significant assumptions
used by management. Evaluating management s significant assumptions involved assessing whether the assumptions used by management
were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the individual intangible assets; (ii) the consistency of the data
and assumptions utilized with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained
in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2023. 

New York, 

October 29, 2024 

F- 3 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except par value) 

July 31, 
 2024 
 2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Trade accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenues 

Total current liabilities 

Term loan, net of deferred financing costs 
 -

Deferred revenues--non-current 
 
 -

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares ; no shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and outstanding at July 31, 2024 and 2023 

Class B common stock, par value; authorized shares ; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 31, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding at July 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, shares at July 31, 2024 and shares at July 31, 2023, at cost 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 4 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended July 31, 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Direct cost of revenues (exclusive of amortization of capitalized software and technology development costs included below) 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 -

Impairment of goodwill 
 -

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 -

Loss from operations 

Interest and other income, net 

Net (loss) income resulting from foreign exchange transactions 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total other comprehensive loss 

Total comprehensive loss 

Loss per share attributable to Zedge, Inc. common stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average number of shares used in calculation of income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 5 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
(in thousands) 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 

Balance July 31, 2022 

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Restricted stock issuance in connection with GuruShots acquisition 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 -

Balance July 31, 2023 

Exercise of stock options 
 -
 
 -

-

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 -

Balance July 31, 2024 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 6 

ZEDGE, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 

Year Ended July 31, 
 2024 
 2023 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of capitalized software and technology development costs 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment charge of intangible assets 
 
 -

Impairment of investment in privately-held company 
 
 -

Deferred income taxes 

Impairment charge of goodwill 
 -

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 -

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Final payment for asset acquisitions 
 -

Capitalized software and technology development costs 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Prepayment of term loan 
 
 -

Purchase of treasury stock in connection with share buyback program and stock awards vesting 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from term loan 
 -

Payment of deferred financing costs 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments made for income taxes 

Cash payments made for interest expenses 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 7 

ZEDGE, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reportable segments: Zedge Marketplace and GuruShots,
as further discussed in Note 15, Segment and Geographic Information . 

as a fee when users purchase licensed content using Zedge Credits or unlock licensed
content by watching a video or taking a survey on Zedge Premium. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues. 

F- 8 

. Subscriptions are nonrefundable
after a period of seven days. Paid subscriptions are automatically renewed at expiration unless cancelled by subscribers. While the customer
can cancel at any time, he or she will not receive any refund but will remain entitled to receive the ad free service until the end of
the subscription period. The duration of these contracts is daily, and revenue for these contracts is recognized on a daily ratable basis.
The payment terms for subscriptions sold through Google Play is net 30 days after month-end. The payment terms for subscriptions
sold through App Store is net 45 days after month-end. We recognize subscription revenue ratably over the subscription periods which
range from weekly, monthly, yearly and lifetime with an estimated lifespan of 30 months. 

of the actual revenue after the Google Play or iTunes fee Royalty Payment and we receive
the remaining , which is recognized as revenue. 

F- 9 

fee retained by Google Play or App Store when a user purchases
Zedge Credits as a performance metric, we record net revenue from Zedge Premium which consists of a platform fee, in-app purchases
profit and breakage. Content providers are paid their portion of revenue which is a share
of the gross revenue calculated. 

and of our revenue.
In the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, two customers represented and of our revenue. At July 31, 2024, three customers represented
 , and of our accounts receivable balance and at July 31, 2023, two customers represented and of our accounts receivable
balance. All of these significant customers are advertising exchanges operated by leading companies, and the receivables represent many
smaller amounts due from advertisers. 

F- 10 

years; and other years. Other is comprised of
furniture and fixtures, office equipment, video conference equipment, computer hardware and computer software. Normal repairs and maintenance
are expensed as incurred. Replacement property and equipment is capitalized and the property and equipment accounts are relieved of the
items being replaced or disposed of if no longer of value. The related cost and accumulated depreciation of the disposed assets are eliminated
and any gain or loss on disposition is included in the results of operations in the year of disposal. 

F- 11 

to . We review identifiable amortizable intangible assets to be held
and used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable.
Determination of recoverability is based on the lowest level of identifiable estimated undiscounted cash flows resulting from use of the
asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying value of the asset over
its fair value. 

million during the second quarter of fiscal 2024. See Note
7, Intangible, Net and Goodwill , for additional information. 

million during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. See Note 7, Intangible,
Net and Goodwill , for additional information. 

F- 12 

and recorded loss in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

million and million in
cash equivalents as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F- 13 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options 
 -
 
 -

Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 
 -
 
 -

Deferred stock units 
 -
 
 -

Diluted weighted-average number of shares 

Non-vested restricted Class B common stock 

Deferred stock units 

Shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share 

F- 14 

F- 15 

F- 16 

Paid subscription revenue 

Other revenues 

Total Zedge Marketplace revenue 

GuruShots 

Digital goods and services 

Total revenue 

Contract Balances 

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue,
which are recorded for payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations . 

The Company records deferred revenues related
to the unsatisfied performance obligations with respect to subscription revenue. As of July 31, 2024, the Company s deferred revenue
balance related to subscriptions was approximately million, representing approximately active subscribers, including approximately
 lifetime subscriptions that we rolled out in August 2023. As of July 31, 2023, the Company s deferred revenue balance related
to subscriptions was approximately million, representing approximately active subscribers. As of July 31, 2022, the Company s
deferred revenue balance related to subscriptions was approximately million, representing approximately active subscribers. 

The Company also records deferred revenues when
users purchase or earn Zedge Credits. Unused Zedge Credits represent the value of the Company s unsatisfied performance obligation
to its users. Revenue is recognized when Zedge App users redeem Zedge Credits to acquire Zedge Premium content or upon expiration of the
Zedge Credits upon 180 days of account inactivity. As of July 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company s deferred revenue balance related
to Zedge Premium was approximately , and , respectively. 

On April 1, 2022, the Company received a one-time
integration bonus for set up activities of million from AppLovin Corporation for migrating to their mediation platform. This amount
is being amortized over an estimated service period of months. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company s deferred revenue balance
related to this integration bonus was and , respectively. 

The amount of deferred revenue recognized in fiscal
2024 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at July 31, 2023 was million. 

F- 17 

-

July 31, 2023 

Assets: 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 -

-

Contingent Consideration 

Contingent consideration related to the business
combinations discussed below in Note 6, Business Combination and Asset Acquisition are classified within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy as the determination of fair value uses considerable judgment and represents the Company s best estimate of an amount
that could be realized in a market exchange for the asset or liability. 

Change in fair value 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2022 

Change in fair value 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2023 

- 

- 

- 

The overall fair value of the contingent consideration
decreased by million during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, primarily due to the decrease in the likelihood that certain contingent
milestones would be achieved. 

F- 18 

Sep-24 

Oct-24 

Nov-24 

Total 

Sep-24 

Oct-24 

Nov-24 

Total 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 -

F- 19 

Other 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total 

Depreciation and amortization expense pertaining
to property and equipment was approximately and for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

of the outstanding equity securities of GuruShots, Ltd., an Israeli company that operates
a platform used for its competitive photography game available across iOS, Android and the web. The acquisition was effected pursuant
to a Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA between the Company, GuruShots and the holders of the GuruShots equity interests.
This acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting and the results of operations
of GuruShots have been included in the Company s results of operations as of the acquisition date. 

The purchase price for the equity securities of
GuruShots consists of approximately million in cash paid at closing and contingent payments (the Earnout of up to a
maximum of million due on each of the first and second anniversaries from the closing, payable either in cash or Class B common stock
of the Company, or a combination thereof, at the Company s discretion, and subject to GuruShots achieving specified financial targets
set forth in the SPA. The fair value of the earnout amount at the acquisition date was estimated at million based on a Monte Carlo
simulation model in an option pricing framework, whereby a range of possible scenarios were simulated. This fair value was reduced from
 million to million as of July 31, 2022 and further reduced to as of July 31, 2023. See Note 3, Fair Value Measurements . 

Under the SPA, the Company agreed to make certain
minimum investments in user acquisition for GuruShots during the period covered by the Earnout, subject to, among other conditions, the
acquired users generating minimum levels of Return On Ad Spend ROAS as set forth in the SPA. The Company was prepared
to make the minimum investment, however, GuruShots was unable to achieve those minimum ROAS target conditions. GuruShots financial
performance during the period from the April 2022 acquisition through July 31, 2023, was materially impacted by a combination of industry
specific, macroeconomic, and geopolitical challenges that contributed to negatively impacting ROAS. The conditions for payment of the
Earnout for the first year following the acquisition were not met and no Earnout payment was made. One of the prior owners of GuruShots
objected to that determination. 

The parties to the SPA made various representations,
warranties and covenants subject to the qualifications and limitations agreed by the respective parties in the SPA. On September 26, 2023,
the Company noticed a claim for indemnification regarding material inaccuracies in certain of those representations and warranties. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company
and the prior owners of GuruShots agreed to withdraw and settle claims related to the purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company
purchased the equity of GuruShots, including any dispute about minimum user acquisition spend for GuruShots, any right of the prior owners
to an earnout payment and the Company s claim for indemnification related to alleged misrepresentations in the agreement. 

F- 20 

million in cash and shares of the Company Class B
common stock with a grant date fair value of million for GuruShots founders and employees that will be payable or vest, as applicable,
over from April 1, 2022, based on the beneficiaries thereof remaining employed by the Company or a subsidiary. In fiscal 2024
and 2023, shares and shares were vested with a fair value of and , respectively. See Note 13, Stock-Based
Compensation , for additional information. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we paid million and million in cash retention bonuses,
respectively. The aggregated cash retention bonus payments are expected to be lower than the initial cash bonus pool due to termination
of employment of eligible employees. The cash purchase price and the earnout have been allocated to GuruShots tangible assets,
identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values. The preliminary fair value estimates of
the net assets acquired are based upon preliminary calculations and valuations, and those estimates and assumptions are subject to change
as the Company obtains additional information for those estimates during the measurement period. The excess of the total consideration
over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities was recorded as goodwill which was million at closing. 

The Company recorded a measurement period adjustment
of in the three months period ended July 31, 2022 which reduced the goodwill balance from million to million. The Company
wrote off the remaining goodwill balance and recorded a loss on goodwill impairment of million in the in the third quarter of fiscal
2023 as discussed below in Note 7, Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill . Of the million of goodwill impairment loss recorded,
 million is deductible for tax purposes. 

Identified intangible assets consist of trade
names, technology and customer relationships. 

years Acquired developed technology years Customer relationships years Total identified intangible assets 

The Company s initial fair value estimates
related to the various identified intangible assets were determined under various valuation approaches including the relief-from-royalty
method and multi-period excess earnings. These valuation methods require management to project revenues, operating expenses, working capital
investment, capital spending and cash flows for GuruShots over a multiyear period, as well as determine the weighted average cost of capital
to be used as a discount rate. 

The Company amortizes its intangible assets assuming
no residual value over periods in which the economic benefit of these assets is consumed. As of January 31, 2024, the Company wrote off
the remaining carrying value of the intangible assets and recorded impairment charge of million as discussed below in Note 7, Intangible
Assets, Net and Goodwill . 

The cash consideration paid included million
deposited with the escrow agent that is available to satisfy for post-closing indemnification claims made within 18 months of the acquisition
date. There were no claims made against the escrow account which was released in its entirety on November 15, 2023. 

We incurred approximately in acquisition-related
transaction costs in connection with the GuruShots transaction which were not included as a component of consideration transferred but
were expensed as incurred in fiscal 2022. 

Emojipedia Acquisition 

Pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, on August
1, 2021 Closing ), the Company consummated the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Emojipedia Pty Ltd, a proprietary
company organized under the laws of Australia. The total purchase price of the assets was million, of which million was paid
on August 2, 2021, was paid on February 1, 2022, and the remaining paid on August 1, 2022. 

The assets purchased include emojipeida.org, a
set of smaller websites, a bank of emoji related URLs related to the seller s business, including World Emoji Day, the annual World
Emoji Awards. The asset purchase does not qualify as a business combination under FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations , and
has therefore been accounted for as an asset acquisition. The total purchase price for this acquisition was allocated to intangible assets
are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of . 

F- 21 

to years. The Company evaluates the recoverability
of its definite lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances or business conditions indicate that the carrying
value of these assets may not be recoverable based on expectations of future undiscounted cash flows for each asset group. If the carrying
value of an asset or asset group exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets, generally utilizing
a discounted cash flow analysis based on the present value of after-tax cash flows to be generated by the assets using a risk-adjusted
discount rate. To estimate the fair value of the assets, the Company uses market participant assumptions pursuant to ASC 820, Fair
Value Measurements. 

During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, in connection
with its company-wide strategic planning process as well as evaluating the current operating performance of its GuruShots reporting unit,
including product enhancement and marketing, the Company reassessed its short-term and long-term commercial plans for this business. The
Company made certain operational and strategic decisions to invest in, and increase its focus on, the long-term success of this business,
which resulted in the Company significantly reducing its forecasted revenues and operating results. 

As a result, the Company identified indicators
of impairment and performed an undiscounted cash flow analysis pursuant to ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment - Overall , to
determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the GuruShots business over the estimated remaining useful life of its primary
assets were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset group. Based on this analysis, the undiscounted cash flows were not
sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets. As a result, the Company was required to perform Step 3 of the impairment
test and determine the fair value of the asset group. To estimate the fair value of the asset group, the Company utilized the income approach,
which is based on a discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis and calculates the fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable
to the asset group and then discounting the after-tax cash flows to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Assumptions used
in the DCF require significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount rates, growth rates, and the amount and timing
of expected future cash flows. The forecasted cash flows were based on the Company s most recent strategic plan and for periods
beyond the strategic plan, the Company s estimates were based on assumed growth rates expected as of the measurement date. The Company
believes its assumptions were consistent with the plans and estimates that a market participant would use to manage the business. The
discount rate used was intended to reflect the risks inherent in future cash flow projections and was based on an estimate of the weighted
average cost of capital (WACC) of market participants relative to the asset group. The Company used a discount rate of . Based on
this analysis, the fair value of the GuruShots asset group was below its carrying value. The Company determined that the fair value of
this asset group was approximately zero and the carrying value of the long-lived assets was fully impaired. 

To record the adjustment of the carrying value
of the asset group to fair value, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million during the second quarter of fiscal 2024.
The impairment charge was allocated to the long-lived assets on a pro-rata basis as follows: million to acquired developed technology,
 million to customer relationships, and million to trade names. The Company believes its assumptions used to determine the fair
value of the asset group were reasonable. 

-

Acquired developed technology 

-

Customer relationships 

-

Trade names 

-

Total intangible assets 

Amortization expense of intangible assets for
the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 were approximately million and million, respectively. 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 22 

million in that quarter. 

Goodwill impairment charge 

Impact of currency translation 

Balance as of July 31, 2023 

Impact of currency translation 

Balance as of July 31, 2024 

The total accumulated impairment loss of the Company s
goodwill as of July 31, 2024 was million. There were no accumulated impairment losses prior to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. 

F- 23 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued payroll taxes 

Due to artists 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability-current portion 

Derivative liability for foreign exchange contracts 
 
 -

Accrued income taxes payable 

Due to related party - IDT 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option
of the holder. Shares of Class A common stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class
B common stock. 

million in cash (in addition to the million portion of the retention pool to be paid in the Company s
Class B common stock discussed in Note 13-Stock-Based Compensation) to be paid to the founders and employees of GuruShots payable over
 from April 1, 2022 based on the beneficiaries thereof remaining employed by the Company or a subsidiary; and (ii) agreed to
invest a minimum in user acquisition in the first 24 months following the closing subject to the acquired users generating minimum ROAS
thresholds and payment of an earnout if certain growth targets were met. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company and the prior owners
of GuruShots agreed to withdraw and settle claims related to the purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased the equity
of GuruShots, including any dispute about minimum user acquisition spend for GuruShots, any right of the prior owners to an earnout payment
and the Company s claim for indemnification related to alleged misrepresentations in the agreement. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company may from time to time be subject to
legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company does not
expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition. 

F- 24 

and at July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost (2) 

years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 

F- 25 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

As of July 31, 2024,
the Company did not have any leases that have not yet commenced that create significant rights and obligations. 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Federal 

State 

Total current expense 

Deferred: 

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Federal 

State 

Total deferred expense 

Benefit from income taxes 

F- 26 

State tax (net of federal benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Foreign tax rate differential 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration and goodwill impairment 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Benefit from income taxes 

The Company is subject to taxation in the United
States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Earnings from non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax. 

The material jurisdictions where the Company is
subject to potential examination by tax authorities include the United States, Norway and Lithuania. 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax
Act contains a provision which subjects a U.S parent of a foreign subsidiary to current U.S. tax on its global intangible low-taxed
income GILTI ). The GILTI income is eligible for a deduction, which lowers the effective tax. The Company will report the
tax impact of GILTI as a period cost when incurred. Accordingly, the Company is not providing deferred taxes for basis differences expected
to reverse as GILTI. 

U.S companies are eligible for a deduction that
lowers the effective tax rate on certain foreign income. This regime is referred to as the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction FDII ). 

Net operating loss carryforwards (Foreign) 

Net operating loss carryforwards (State) 

Reserves and accruals 

Stock-based compensation 

Others 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had available
U.S. state net operating loss NOL carryforwards from domestic operations of approximately and , respectively,
to offset future taxable income. The state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company has
approximately millions of Foreign NOLs (Israel) which is available to offset Israel s future taxable income without time limit. 

-

2023 

Reserves deducted from deferred income taxes, net: 

Valuation allowance 
 
 -

F- 27 

in interest and penalties on income
taxes. At July 31, 2024 and 2023, there was no accrued interest included in income taxes payable. 

The Company currently remains subject to examinations
of its U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) has modified
the IRC 174 expenses related to research and development (R D) for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. The Company must
now capitalize the expenditures related to R D activities and amortize over years for US activities and years for non-US activities
using mid-year convention. For US GAAP purposes, the Company capitalize all R D expenditures on the consolidated balance sheet and
amortize over years for book purposes. Therefore, we will have book to tax difference in amortization expense and no additional capitalization
on R D expenditures for tax purposes under IRC 174. 

shares to an aggregate of shares, including shares for the GuruShots retention pool. This amendment was ratified
by the Company s stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on January 18, 2023. 

At July 31, 2024, there were shares of
Class B common stock available for awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan before accounting for the remaining contingently issuable
shares related to the DSUs with both service and market conditions discussed below. 

Stock-based compensation 

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation
for stock-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock and DSUs based on the estimated fair value of the awards and recognizes
over the relevant service period. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options on the measurement date using the Black-Scholes
option valuation model BSM ). The Company estimates the fair value of restricted stock and DSUs with service conditions
only using the current market price of the stock. The Company estimates the fair value of DSUs with both service and market conditions
using the Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model. 

The Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo Simulation valuation
models incorporate assumptions as to stock price volatility, the expected term of options or awards, a risk-free interest rate and dividend
yield. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation using the straight-line method over the vesting period or the graded vesting method
if awards with market or performance conditions include graded vesting features, or if an award includes both a service condition and
a market or performance condition. 

F- 28 

for unvested stock options, for unvested DSUs and million for unvested restricted
stock including related to the portion of retention bonus to be paid in the Company s Class B common stock in connection
with the GuruShots acquisition. 

In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, restricted stock
and DSUs awards with respect to shares and shares vested. In connection with this vesting, the Company purchased 
shares and shares respectively of Class B Stock from certain employees for and respectively, to satisfy tax withholding
obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock and DSUs. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023
there was no income tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for the Company s stock-based
compensation. 

Stock Options 

The Company s option awards generally have
a term of years from grant date, are exercisable upon vesting unless otherwise designated for early exercise by the Board of Directors
at the time of grant and are pursuant to individual written agreements. Grants generally vest over a three-year or four -year period. 

In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the Compensation
Committee approved grants of options to purchase and shares, respectively, of the Company s Class B common stock to
various executives, consultants and employees, vesting mostly over a three-year or four-year period. Unrecognized compensation expense
related to these awards granted in fiscal 2024 and 2023 were and respectively based on the estimated fair value of the
options on the grant dates. 

In fiscal 2024, the Company received proceeds
of from the exercise of stock options for which the Company issued shares of its Class B common stock. In fiscal 2023,
the Company received proceeds of from the exercise of stock options for which the Company issued shares of its Class B common
stock. 

The Company cancelled or forfeited options grants
of shares and shares in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 respectively primarily due to employee resignations. 

Repricing of Outstanding and Unexercised Options 

On October 20, 2022, the Board unanimously approved
the repricing of all outstanding and unexercised stock options granted under the 2016 Plan with exercise prices above the then current
market value held by then current employees, executive officers, and consultants of the Company (the Eligible Stock Options ).
Effective October 20, 2022, the exercise price of the eligible stock options was reduced to , the closing price of its common stock
on October 19, 2022. Except for the modification to the exercise price of the Eligible Stock Options, all other terms and conditions of
each of the Eligible Stock Options remained in full force and effect. 

Pursuant to the 2016 Incentive Plan, the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors, as the administrator, has discretionary authority, exercisable on such terms and conditions that
it deems appropriate under the circumstances, to reduce the exercise price in effect for outstanding options under the 2016 Incentive
Plan. In approving the repricing, the Compensation Committee considered the impact of the current exercise prices of outstanding stock
options on the incentives provided to employees and consultants, the lack of retention value provided by the outstanding stock options
to employees and consultants, and the impact of such options on the capital structure of the Company. As of October, 2022, there were
 stock options outstanding under the 2016 Incentive Plan, of which outstanding stock options had exercise prices in excess
of the market price of the Company s common stock as of October 20, 2022, which is why the Compensation Committee made the determination
to deem all outstanding and unexercised stock options held by current employees, executive officers, and consultants as Eligible Stock
Options. 

Jonathan Reich, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, and Yi Tsai, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, hold Eligible Stock Options exercisable for an aggregate of 
and shares of the Company s common stock, respectively. 

F- 29 

, of which was recorded as expense in the fiscal 2023, and will be recognized as expense over the
requisite service periods over which the Eligible Stock Options vest. 

The fair value of stock options was estimated
on the date of the grant using a Black-Scholes valuation model and the assumptions in the following table. Expected volatility is based
on historical volatility of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company uses the simplified method to estimate the expected
term of the stock-based payments granted due to the limited history of the Company. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. 

years years Volatility Risk free interest rate Dividends 

Granted Exercised Cancelled / forfeited Outstanding at July 31, 2023 Granted Exercised Cancelled / forfeited Outstanding at July 31, 2024 Exercisable at July 31, 2024 

Intrinsic value of options exercised 

Fair value of awards vested 

At July 31, 2024, there was approximately 
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. 

F- 30 

of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 

Restricted Stock 

In fiscal 2023 and in connection with the GuruShots
acquisition, the Company issued shares of the Company s Class B common stock with a grant date fair value of million
to the founders and employees as a retention bonus pool which is managed by a trustee based in Israel. These shares shall vest, in equal
tranches, over three years assuming that the recipients remain employed by the Company or a subsidiary through the vesting dates. In fiscal
2024 and 2023, the Company has amortized million and million in stock-based compensation expenses related to these shares. In
fiscal 2024, shares were forfeited due to resignations. In fiscal 2023, shares were forfeited due to resignations. 

At July 31, 2024, there were non-vested
restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock. At July 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to these non-vested restricted shares, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

At July 31, 2023, there were non-vested
restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock. At July 31, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to these non-vested restricted shares, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

In fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, and ,
previously restricted shares vested, respectively. There were no shares repurchased in connection with tax withholdings related to these
vesting events. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested stock award as of July 31, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested stock award as of July 31, 2024 

Deferred Stock Units 

See Note 18, Subsequent Events . 

In fiscal 2024, the Company purchased shares
of Class B Common Stock from various employees for to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of DSUs.
In fiscal 2023, the Company purchased shares of Class B Common Stock from various employees for to satisfy tax withholding
obligations in connection with the vesting of DSUs. 

F- 31 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested DSU award as of July 31, 2023 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested DSU award as of July 31, 2024 

The DSUs with both service and market conditions were valued using
a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model, with a valuation of per DSU. Total grant date fair value for these DSUs was approximately
 million. The unrecognized compensation expense is being recognized on a graded vesting method over the vesting period. The DSUs with
a service condition had a grant date fair value of million. The unrecognized compensation expense is being recognized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. 

At July 31, 2023, there were non-vested
DSUs and the unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested DSUs was an aggregate of which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of year. 

and , respectively, for legal services. In addition, the Company charged IDT approximately 
and , respectively, for consulting services provided to IDT by a Zedge employee. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company
owed IDT and respectively. 

Legal services provided by IDT 

Consulting services provided to IDT 

Cash payments made to IDT 

Due to IDT 

F- 32 

. As of July 31, 2024, the
Company was owed from NRS which is included in prepaid expenses and other receivables. 

The Company is party to a consulting agreement
with Activist Artist Management, LLC Activist ), which assists the company in strategic business development. A member of
the Company s Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee owns a significant minority stake in Activist. The Company
paid approximately and respectively, to Activist in the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

GuruShots 

Total Revenues 

Segment income (loss) from operations: 

Zedge Marketplace 

GuruShots 

Total loss from operations 

The CODM does not evaluate operating segments
using asset information and, accordingly, the Company does not report asset information by segment. 

Geographic Information 

July 31, 2023 

Total assets: 

July 31, 2024 

July 31, 2023 

F- 33 

million
for an initial two-year term which was extended twice for another two-year term which expired September 26, 2022 and was amended on October
28, 2022 as discussed below. The revolving credit facility was secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. Effective
with the September 2020 extension, the outstanding principal amount bore interest per annum at the greater of or the prime rate plus
 . Previously the interest rate was capped at . Interest was payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and
unpaid interest was due on the maturity date of . The Company was required to pay an annual facility fee of 
to WAB. The Company was also required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants and to maintain certain financial ratios
during the term of the revolving credit facility. The covenants included a prohibition on the Company paying any dividend on its capital
stock. At October 27, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility and the Company was in compliance with
all of the covenants. 

On October 28, 2022, the Company entered into
an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement Amended Loan Agreement with WAB. Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement,
WAB agreed to provide the Company with a new term loan facility in the maximum principal amount of million for a four-year term and
a million revolving credit facility for a two-year term. Amounts outstanding under the term loan and credit facility of the Amended
Loan Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal) plus , with a Prime
 floor rate of . 

Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, the Company
discontinued the existing million revolving credit facility under the prior version of the Loan and Security Agreement. At the time
of the discontinuance, there was no outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility. 

Pursuant to the Amended Loan Agreement, million
was advanced in a single-cash advance on October 28, 2022, with the remaining million available for drawdown during twenty-four (24)
months after closing. Each drawdown must be in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars million). On May 11, 2023, the Company
entered into a Modification Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to modify the Amended Loan Agreement to reduce the remaining
 million availability to . 

Interest accrued under the Amended Loan Agreement
is due monthly, and the Company shall make monthly interest-only payments related to the term loan through the eighteen (18) month anniversary
of the closing date. From the nineteen (19) month anniversary of the Closing Date through the maturity date, the Company shall repay each
outstanding term loan by paying the Applicable Term Advance Amortization Payment equal to 1/12 th of of the outstanding
term loan balance plus monthly payments of accrued interest, in each case payable on the tenth (10 th day of each month. Zedge s
final payment for each Term Advance, due on the Term Loan Maturity Date, shall include all outstanding principal of and accrued and unpaid
interest on such Term Advance. Once repaid, a Term Advance may not be reborrowed. 

On November 15, 2023, the Company elected to prepay
the entire principal amount of million. 

The Amended Loan Agreement may also require early
repayments if certain conditions are met. Borrowings under the Amended Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of
the Company, its subsidiaries, and certain of its affiliates. 

F- 34 

to . This covenant shall be tested quarterly as of the end of each fiscal quarter. 

b) 
 Maximum Debt to EBITDA . Zedge shall maintain, at all times, a ratio of (a) indebtedness owed by Zedge to WAB, to (b) Zedge s EBITDA for the trailing twelve (12) month period ended on such date of determination, shall not be greater than the amount set forth under the heading Maximum Debt to EBITDA Ratio as of, and for each of the dates appearing adjacent to such Maximum Debt to EBITDA Ratio . 

to 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 
 to 
 
 April 30, 2023 
 
 to 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 to 
 
 October 31, 2023 
 
 to 
 
 January 31, 2024 
 
 to 
 
 April 30, 2024 
 
 to 
 
 July 31, 2024 
 
 to 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 To be agreed upon 

The Amended Loan Agreement also includes customary
negative covenants, subject to exceptions, which limit transfers, capital expenditures, indebtedness, certain liens, investments, acquisitions,
dispositions of assets, restricted payments and the business activities of the Company, as well as customary representations and warranties,
affirmative covenants and events of default, including cross defaults and a change of control default. 

As of November 16, 2016, the Company entered into
a Foreign Exchange Agreement with WAB to allow the Company to enter into foreign exchange contracts not to exceed million in the
aggregate at any point in time under its revolving credit facility. This limit was raised to approximately million pursuant to the
Loan and Security Modification Agreement dated May 30, 2018. The available borrowing under the revolving credit facility is reduced by
an applicable foreign exchange reserve percentage as determined by WAB, in its reasonable discretion from time to time, which was set
at of the nominal amount of the foreign exchange contracts in effect at the relevant time. At July 31, 2024, there were million
of outstanding foreign exchange contracts, which reduced the available borrowing under the revolving credit facility by . 

and for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In lieu of making cash contributions,
the Company opted to contribute shares and shares of the Company s Class B common stock to the 401(k) Plan for fiscal
2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

revolving credit facility for another four-year term through October 28, 2028 and remove certain
provisions, including financial covenants, in respect of the Term Loan which was repaid in full in November 2023. 

F- 35 

. 

1/23/2025 

2/24/2025 

3/24/2025 

4/23/2025 

5/27/2025 

Total 
 
 14,478, 707 

1/23/2025 

2/24/2025 

3/24/2025 

4/23/2025 

5/27/2025 

Total 

Operating Lease 

On August 7, 2024, the Company renewed its lease for the office space
in Tel Avis for a two-year term. 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

DSUs with both service and market condition 

On September 7, 2024, DSUs with both service
and market condition expired because the market capitalization condition has not been met. 

Share Buyback Program 

On September 9, 2024, our Board approved a new
 million share buyback program after the completion of our prior million share buyback program on August 28, 2024. 

F-36 

<EX-10.10>
 2
 ea021859601ex10-10_zedge.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT MODIFICATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN ZEDGE, INC. AND WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, DATED OCTOBER 28, 2024

Exhibit 10.10 

AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS
AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT MODIFICATION AGREEMENT (this Modification is entered into as
of October 28, 2024 by and between ZEDGE, INC. (the Borrower and WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, AN ARIZONA CORPORATION Bank ). 

RECITALS 

A. 
 Bank and Borrower have previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of October
28, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), pursuant
to which Bank has made certain loans and financial accommodations available to Borrower. 

B.
Bank and Borrower now wish to modify the Loan Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

C. 
 Borrower is entering into this Modification with the understanding and agreement that, except as specifically provided herein,
none of Bank s rights or remedies as set forth in the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document is being waived or modified by the
terms of this Modification. 

AGREEMENT 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 MODIFICATIONS TO LOAN AGREEMENT . 

(a) 
 Additional Definition . Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new definition in the appropriate
alphabetical order: 

October Modification
Closing Date means October 28, 2024. 

(b) 
 Deletion of Certain Definitions . The following definitions set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement are hereby deleted
in their entirety: Applicable Term Advance Amortization Payment , Cash Management Reserve , Credit Card
Limit , Credit Card Services , Credit Card Services Agreements , Debt Service Coverage Ratio ,
 EBDA , EBITDA , Term Advance , Term Loan Amount , and Term Loan Maturity Date . 

(c) 
 Credit Extension . The definition of Credit Extension set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Credit
Extension means each Advance, use of the International Sublimit, or any other extension of credit by Bank for the benefit of
Borrower hereunder. 

(d) 
 Loan Documents . The definition of Loan Documents set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Loan
Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, any note or notes, documents or instruments executed by Borrower, and any other
document, instrument or agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement, all as amended or extended from time to time. 

(e) 
 Obligations . The definition of Obligations set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended
and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Obligations 
means all debt, principal, interest, Bank Expenses and other amounts owed to Bank by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, or any other
agreement, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, including any interest that accrues
after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding and including any debt, liability, or obligation owing from Borrower to others that
Bank may have obtained by assignment or otherwise. 

(f) 
 Prime Rate . The definition of Prime Rate set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended
and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Prime
Rate means the greater of (a) four percent (4.00 or (b) the rate of interest most recently quoted in The Wall Street Journal,
Money Rates Section, as the U.S. Prime Rate . Any change in the Prime Rate shall become effective as of the same date of
any such change. The Prime Rate is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by Bank on its loans and is set by Bank in its sole and absolute
discretion. If Bank determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that the Prime Rate ceases to exist or
is no longer available in the Money Rates Section of The Wall Street Journal, then commencing on the next reset date, the Prime
Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum announced by Bank as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in the State
of Arizona (such Bank announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by Bank on its loans and is set
by Bank in its sole and absolute discretion). 

(g) Revolving
Maturity Date . The definition of Revolving Maturity Date set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Revolving Maturity Date means October 28,
2028. 

(h) 
 Revolving Advances . Section 2.1(a)(i) of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(i) Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Borrower may request Advances in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed
the Revolving Line minus the aggregate amounts outstanding under the International Sublimit. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1(a) may be repaid and reborrowed at any time prior to the Revolving Maturity Date,
at which time all Advances under this Section 2.1(a) shall be immediately due and payable. Borrower may prepay any Advances without penalty
or premium. 

(i) 
 Term Advances . Clause (b) of Section 2.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(b)
[Reserved]. 

(j) 
 Credit Card Facility . Clause (c) of Section 2.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows: 

(c)
[Reserved]. 

(k) 
 Cash Management Reserve . Clause (d) of Section 2.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows: 

(d)
[Reserved]. 

2 

(l) 
 Overadvances . Section 2.2 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

2.2
Overadvances. If at any time the aggregate amount of the outstanding Advances plus the aggregate amounts outstanding under the International
Sublimit exceeds the Revolving Line, then Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank, in cash, the amount of such excess. 

(m) 
 Interest Rates . Clause (a) of Section 2.3 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(a)
Interest Rates. Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b), the Advances under the Revolving Facility shall bear interest, on the outstanding
Daily Balance thereof, at a floating rate equal to one half of one percent (0.50 above the Prime Rate. 

(n) 
 Facility Fee . Clause (a) of Section 2.6 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(a) Facility Fee. 
(i) On the October Modification Closing Date, a facility fee equal to 10,000 in respect of the Revolving Line, which shall be
deemed fully earned as of the October Modification Closing Date, and (ii) on each anniversary of the October Modification Closing
Date up to the Revolving Maturity Date, a facility fee equal to 10,000 in respect of the Revolving Line, each of which shall be
deemed fully earned as of each applicable anniversary date; and 

(o) 
 Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions . Section 3.2 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows: 

3.2 Conditions
Precedent to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of Bank to make each Credit Extension, including the initial Credit Extension,
is further subject to the following conditions: 

(a)
timely receipt by Bank of the Revolving Advance Request as provided in Section 2.1; and 

(b) the representations
and warranties contained in Section 5 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Revolving Request
Form, and on the effective date of each Credit Extension as though made at and as of each such date, and no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, or would exist after giving effect to such Credit Extension. The making of each Credit Extension shall be
deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date of such Credit Extension as to the accuracy of the facts referred
to in this Section 3.2. 

(p) 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio. Clause (a) of Section 6.9 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows: 

(a)
[Reserved]. 

(q) 
 Minimum Debt to EBITDA. Clause (b) of Section 6.9 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows: 

(b)
[Reserved]. 

(r) 
 Distributions . Section 7.6 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

7.6
Distributions. Pay any dividends or make any other distribution or payment on account of or in redemption, retirement or
purchase of any capital stock, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except that Borrower may (i) repurchase the stock of
former employees or of any parties pursuant to stock repurchase agreements, provided that (a) the aggregate amount of such
repurchases in connection with the Borrower s share repurchase plan delivered to Bank prior to the October Modification
Closing Date for the period following the October Modification Closing Date do not exceed 5,000,000 and (b) the aggregate amount of
any other such repurchases do not exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year, (ii) repurchases of shares necessary to pay withholding taxes
upon the vesting or exercise of options, restricted stock or deferred stock units granted by the Company to employees and other
service providers, and (iii) other repurchases of common stock approved by the Board provided that the aggregate amount of such
repurchases do not exceed 250,000 in any fiscal year, in each such case as long as an Event of Default does not exist prior to such
repurchase or would not exist after giving effect to such repurchase. 

3 

(s) 
 Notices . The notice information for Bank set forth in Section 10 is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read
as follows: 

If to Bank: 
 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK 

One East Washington Street 

Phoenix, AZ 85004 

Attn: Legal Department 

EMAIL: LegalDepartment@westernalliancebank.com 

and 

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK 

28 State Street, Suite 2301 

Boston, MA 02109 

Attn: Darren Gastrock 

EMAIL: darren.gastrock@bridgebank.com 

(t) 
 Revolving Advance Request Form . Exhibit B to the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
new Exhibit B attached hereto. 

(u) 
 Form of Compliance Certificate . Exhibit C to the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
new Exhibit C attached hereto. 

2. 
 NO DEFENSES OF BORROWER/GENERAL RELEASE . Borrower agrees that, as of this date, it has no defenses against the obligations
to pay any amounts under the Indebtedness. Borrower (the Releasing Party acknowledges that Bank would not enter
into this Modification without Releasing Party s assurance that it has no claims against Bank or any of Bank s officers, directors,
employees or agents. Except for the obligations arising hereafter under this Modification, each Releasing Party releases Bank, and each
of Bank s officers, directors and employees from any known or unknown claims that Releasing Party now has against Bank of any nature,
including any claims that Releasing Party, its successors, counsel, and advisors may in the future discover they would have now had if
they had known facts not now known to them, whether founded in contract, in tort or pursuant to any other theory of liability, including
but not limited to any claims arising out of or related to the Loan Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby. Each Releasing
Party acknowledges and agrees that they have been informed by their attorneys and advisors of, and are familiar with, and do hereby expressly
waive, the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, and any similar statute, code, law, or regulation of any state or
the United States, to the full extent that they may waive such rights and benefits. Civil Code section 1542 provides: 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND
TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE
AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 

The provisions, waivers and releases
set forth in this section are binding upon each Releasing Party and its shareholders, agents, employees, assigns and successors in interest.
The provisions, waivers and releases of this section shall inure to the benefit of Bank and its agents, employees, officers, directors,
assigns and successors in interest. The provisions of this section shall survive payment in full of the Obligations, full performance
of all the terms of this Modification and the Loan Agreement, and/or Bank s actions to exercise any remedy available under the Loan
Agreement or otherwise. 

4 

3. 
 CONTINUING VALIDITY . Borrower understands and agrees that in modifying the existing Indebtedness, Bank is relying upon
Borrower s representations, warranties, and agreements, as set forth in the Existing Documents. In addition, Borrower represents,
warrants and covenants that since the date of the Loan Agreement or the last modification, consent or waiver to the Loan Agreement, if
any, none of Borrower s officers authorized to sign this Modification have changed. Except as expressly modified pursuant to this
Modification, the terms of the Existing Documents remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Bank s agreement to modifications
to the existing Indebtedness pursuant to this Modification in no way shall obligate Bank to make any future modifications to the Indebtedness.
Nothing in this Modification shall constitute a satisfaction of the Indebtedness. It is the intention of Bank and Borrower to retain as
liable parties all makers and endorsers of Existing Documents, unless the party is expressly released by Bank in writing. No maker, endorser,
or guarantor will be released by virtue of this Modification. The terms of this paragraph apply not only to this Modification, but also
to any subsequent modification agreements. 

4. 
 EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS MODIFICATION . This Modification, and the waivers provided for herein, shall become effective upon
the satisfaction, as determined by Bank, of the following conditions. 

(a) 
 Modification . Bank shall have received this Modification fully executed in a sufficient number of counterparts for distribution
to all parties. 

(b) 
 Bank Expenses . Bank shall have received payment of all Bank Expenses incurred in connection herewith. 

(c) 
 Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties set forth herein and in the Loan Agreement must be true
and correct. 

(d) 
 Other Required Documentation. All other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Modification shall have been delivered or executed or recorded, as required by Bank. 

5. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . Borrower represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) 
 Authority . Borrower has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Modification, and to perform
its obligations hereunder, under the Loan Agreement (as amended or modified hereby) and under the other Loan Documents to which it is
a party. The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Modification have been duly approved by all necessary corporate action
and no other corporate proceedings are necessary to consummate such transactions. 

(b) 
 Enforceability . This Modification has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower. This Modification, the Loan Agreement
(as amended or modified hereby) and each other Loan Document is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable against
Borrower in accordance with its terms, and is in full force and effect. 

(c) 
 Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document
(other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, are specifically made as of a date other than the date hereof)
are correct on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of the date hereof. 

(d) 
 Due Execution . The execution, delivery and performance of this Modification are within the power of Borrower, have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, have received all necessary governmental approval, if any, and do not contravene any
law or any contractual restrictions binding on Borrower. 

(e) 
 No Default . After giving effect to the waivers contained in this Modification, no event has occurred and is continuing that
constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. 

5 

(f) 
 No Duress . This Modification has been entered into without force or duress, of the free will of Borrower. Borrower s
decision to enter into this Modification is a fully informed decision and Borrower is aware of all legal and other ramifications of such
decision. 

(g) Counsel .
Borrower has read and understands this Modification, has consulted with and been represented by legal counsel in connection
herewith, and has been advised by its counsel of its rights and obligations hereunder and thereunder. 

6. CHOICE OF
LAW AND VENUE; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; REFERENCE PROVISION . This Modification constitutes a Loan Document as defined
and set forth in the Loan Agreement, and is subject to Sections 11 and 12 of the Loan Agreement, which are incorporated by reference
herein. 

7. 
 Notice of Final Agreement . By signing this document each party represents and agrees that: (A) this written agreement represents
the final agreement between the parties, (B) there are no unwritten oral agreements between the parties, and (C) this written agreement
may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior, contemporaneous, or subsequent oral agreements or understandings of the parties. 

8. 
 COUNTERPARTS; FACSIMILE SIGNATURES . This Modification may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and
the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or other similar form of electronic transmission shall be deemed to
be an original signature hereto. 

9. 
 CONSISTENT CHANGES . The Loan Documents are each hereby amended wherever and to the extent necessary to reflect the changes
described above. 

10. RATIFICATION .
Borrower hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Loan Agreement, as amended
hereby, and the other Loan Documents effective as of the date hereof. 

11. INTEGRATION . This Modification, together with the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, incorporates all
negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

[Signature page follows] 

6 

BORROWER: 
 
 BANK: 

ZEDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Reich 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Darren Gastrock 
 
 Name: 
 Jonathan Reich 
 
 Name: 
 Darren Gastrock 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Title: 
 Director 

[Signature Page to A R Loan and Security Agreement Modification
Agreement] 

7 

EXHIBIT B 

REVOLVING ADVANCE REQUEST FORM 

 (To be submitted no later
than 3:00 PM to be considered for same day processing) 

To: 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK 

Fax: 
 (408) 282-1681 

Date: 

From: 
 ZEDGE, INC. 

Borrower s Name 

Authorized Signature 

Authorized Signer s Name (please print) 

Phone Number 

To Account # 

Borrower hereby requests funding
of a Revolving Advance in the amount of _____ in accordance with the Revolving Facility as defined in the Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement dated October 28, 2022. 

Borrower hereby authorizes Lender
to rely on facsimile stamp signatures and treat them as authorized by Borrower for the purpose of requesting the above advance. 

All representations and warranties
of Borrower stated in the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects as
of the date of this Revolving Advance Request; provided that those representations and warranties expressly referring to another
date shall be true, correct and complete in all material respects as of such date. 

Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement. 

8 

EXHIBIT C 

COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

TO : 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK, an Arizona corporation Bank 

FROM: 
 ZEDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation Borrower 

The
undersigned authorized officer of ______________________________ hereby certifies that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement between Borrower and Bank (the Agreement ), (i) Borrower is in complete compliance
for the period ending _______________with all required covenants except as noted below and (ii) except as noted below or on the attached, all
representations and warranties of Borrower stated in the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date
hereof (provided, however, that those representations and warranties expressly referring to another date shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such date). Attached herewith are the required documents supporting the above certification. The
Officer further certifies that these are prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and are
consistently applied from one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes (other than, with
respect to unaudited financial statements, for the absence of footnotes and subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 

Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No
under Complies column. 

Reporting Covenant 
 
 Required 
 
 Complies? 
 (Circle or select Yes or No from drop down menu) 
 
 Annual financial statements (CPA Audited) 
 
 FYE within 180 days 
 
 Y/N 

Monthly financial statements and Compliance Certificate 
 
 Monthly within 30 days of month end 
 
 Y/N 

Annual operating budget, sales projections and operating plans approved by board of directors 
 
 Annually no later than 90 days following the beginning of each fiscal year or board approval, whichever is earlier 
 
 Y/N 

A/R A/P Agings 
 
 Monthly within 30 days of month end 
 
 Y/N 

A/R and Collateral Audit 
 
 Initial and Annual 
 
 Y/N 

Deposit balances with Bank 
 
 __________________ 
 
 Y/N 
 
 Deposit balance outside Bank 
 
 __________________ 
 
 Y/N 
 
 Amounts Transferred to Subsidiaries in the prior month 
 
 __________________ 
 
 Y/N 

9 

Financial Covenant 
 
 Required 
 
 Actual 
 
 Complies? 

(Circle or select Yes 

or No from drop 

down menu) 

Cash at Bank 
 
 1.05: 1.00 
 
 ____:1.00 
 
 Y/N 

Other Matters: 

Response? 

Circle or select Yes or No from drop 

down menu) 

Have there been any amendments of or other changes to the capitalization table of Borrower or to the Operating Documents of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any such entity s formation documents or bylaws (if a corporation), limited liability company agreement (if a limited liability company), or partnership agreement or limited partnership agreement (if a partnership or limited partnership)? If yes, provide copies of any such amendments or changes with this Compliance Certificate. 
 
 Y/N 

Are there any exceptions with respect to the above? If yes, please attach comments regarding such exceptions to this Compliance Certificate. 
 
 Y/N 

Sincerely, 

SIGNATURE 

TITLE 

DATE:_________________________ 

10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 ea021859601ex21-01_zedge.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.01 

DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES 

None 

FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 Country of Formation 
 
 Emojipedia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 
 GuruShots Ltd 
 Israel 
 
 Zedge Europe AS 
 Norway 
 
 Zedge Lithuania UAB 
 Lithuania 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 ea021859601ex23-01_zedge.htm
 CONSENT OF UHY, LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.0 1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statement Nos. 333-212600, 333-214258, 333-221214, 333-235422, 333-254225 and 333-264248 on Form S-8, of our report dated
October 29, 2024, related to the consolidated financial statements of Zedge, Inc. as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the fiscal years
then ended, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

/s/ UHY LLP 

New York, New York 

October 29, 2024 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 ea021859601ex31-01_zedge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Jonathan Reich, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and
 procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 ea021859601ex31-02_zedge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Yi Tsai, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Yi Tsai 

Yi Tsai 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 ea021859601ex32-01_zedge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01 

Certification Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I,
Jonathan Reich, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained by Zedge,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 ea021859601ex32-02_zedge.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02 

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I,
Yi Tsai, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

/s/ Yi Tsai 

Yi Tsai 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained by Zedge,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-97.01>
 9
 ea021859601ex97-01_zedge.htm
 COMPENSATION CLAWBACK POLICY

Exhibit 97.01 

ZEDGE, INC. 

Compensation Clawback Policy 

Adopted on
November 9, 2023 

1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE 

Zedge, Inc. (the Company has adopted
this Compensation Clawback Policy (the Policy to comply with Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank ), as codified by Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ), and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which require the recovery of certain forms of executive compensation
in the case of accounting restatements resulting from a material error in an issuer s financial statements. This Policy shall be
administered by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee. 

2. EFFECTIVE DATE 

This Policy shall be effective as of the date
it is adopted by the Board and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is approved, awarded, or granted to Covered Executives
on or after that date. Subject to applicable law, recovery under this Policy may be effected from any amount of compensation approved,
awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive prior to, on or after the effective date. 

3. COVERED EXECUTIVES 

This Policy applies to all of the Company s
current and former executive officers, and such other employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board
(each, a Covered Executive ). For purposes of this Policy, an executive officer means an officer as defined in Rule 10D-1(d)
under the Exchange Act. 

4. INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION 

For purposes of this Policy, the term Incentive-Based
Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial
reporting measure. Financial reporting measures are measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting
principles used in preparing the issuer s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures,
including stock price and total stockholder return. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation does not include annual salary,
compensation awarded based on completion of a specified period of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective standards, strategic
measures, or operational measures. 

5. RECOVERY; ACCOUNTING RESTATEMENT 

In the event the Company is required to prepare
an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the
federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that
is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected
in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a Restatement ), the Company shall, as promptly as it reasonably
can, recover any Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding
the date on which the Company is required to prepare such Restatement (the Restatement Date ), so long as the Incentive-Based
Compensation received by such Covered Executive is in excess of what would have been awarded or vested after giving effect to the Restatement.
The Restatement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the date the Company s board of directors, a board committee, or officer(s) are
authorized to take such action if board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the issuer is required
to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the issuer with any financial reporting requirement under the
securities laws as described in Rule 10D-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized
body directs the issuer to prepare an accounting restatement. The amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive-Based Compensation
paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data in the original financial statements over the Incentive-Based Compensation that
would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, without respect to any taxes paid. 

Subsequent changes in a Covered Executive s
employment status, including retirement or termination of employment, do not affect the Company s rights to recover Incentive-Based
Compensation pursuant to this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed to have been received
during the fiscal period in which the financial reporting measure specified in the award is attained, even if such Incentive-Based Compensation
is paid or granted after the end of such fiscal period. 

No recovery shall be required in the case of a
Board determination that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered.
Such determination shall be made after a reasonable and documented attempt to recover the Incentive-Based Compensation, which documentation
shall be provided to the New York Stock Exchange. 

The Board or, if applicable, Compensation Committee
shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method of recovering any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. 

2 

6. NO INDEMNIFICATION 

The Company shall not indemnify any current or
former Covered Executive against the loss of erroneously awarded compensation, and shall not pay, or reimburse any Covered Executives
for premiums, for any insurance policy to fund such executive s potential recovery obligations. Further, the Company shall not enter
into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application
of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any erroneously awarded compensation, and this Policy shall supersede
any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this Policy). 

Any members of the Board who assist in the administration
of this Policy shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall
be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination
or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable
law or Company policy. 

7. AMENDMENT AND INTERPRETATION 

The Board may amend this Policy from time to time
in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect the regulations adopted by the SEC and to comply with
any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. It is intended
that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Section 303A.14
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and any national securities exchange on which
the Company s securities are then listed. 

8. OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS; COMPANY CLAIMS 

The Board intends that this Policy shall be applied
to the fullest extent of the law. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies
or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company under applicable law or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any
employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 

Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recoupment
or recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates
may have against a Covered Executive arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Executive. 

9. SUCCESSORS 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against
all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

10. EXHIBIT FILING REQUIREMENT 

A copy of this Policy and any amendments thereto
shall be posted on the Company s website and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Company s
annual report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Zedge, Inc. 

Compensation Clawback Policy Acknowledgment 

[ To
Be Signed by the Company s Executive Officers ] 

I, the undersigned, agree and acknowledge that
I am fully bound by, and subject to, all of the terms and conditions of Zedge, Inc s Compensation Clawback Policy (as may be amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Policy ). In the event of any inconsistency between the
Policy and the terms of any employment agreement to which I am a party, or the terms of any compensation plan, program or agreement under
which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the Policy shall govern. In the event it is determined
pursuant to the Policy that any amounts granted, awarded, earned or paid to me must be forfeited or reimbursed to the Company, I will
promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such forfeiture and/or reimbursement. Any capitalized terms used in this Acknowledgment
without definition shall have the meaning set forth in the Policy. 

By: _________________________________ 
 Date: ________________ 

Print Name: _______________________________ 

4 

</EX-97.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 zdge-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 zdge-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 zdge-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 zdge-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 zdge-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

