<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-K_edgar_data_32604_0000032604-24-000041.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20176399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>394306</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4422977</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7181570</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4085326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3624785</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000032604-24-000041.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112070157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000032604-24-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		155
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMERSON ELECTRIC CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000032604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC & OTHER ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT (NO COMPUTER EQUIP) [3600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				430259330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00278
		FILM NUMBER:		241443190

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 W FLORISSANT AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 4100
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63136
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3145532000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 W. FLORISSANT
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4100
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63136

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMERSON ELECTRIC MANUFACTUING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730710

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000032604-24-000041.txt : 20241112

10-K
 1
 emr-20240930.htm
 10-K

emr-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________________ to __________________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered NYSE Chicago 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of close of business on 
 March 31, 2024: billion. 
 
 Common stock outstanding at October 31, 2024 : million shares. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 1. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 - BUSINESS 
 
 Emerson the Company is a global technology and software company that provides innovative solutions for customers in a wide range of end markets around the world. Through its leading automation portfolio, Emerson helps process, hybrid and discrete manufacturers optimize operations, protect personnel, reduce emissions and achieve their sustainability goals. Sales by geographic destination in 2024 were: the Americas, 50 percent ; Asia, Middle East Africa, 30 percent (China, 11 percent ); and Europe, 20 percent . 
 
 Portfolio management is an integral component of Emerson's growth and value creation strategy. Over the past three years, the Company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through the completion of strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses. These actions were undertaken to create a cohesive, higher growth and higher margin industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets. The Company s recent portfolio actions include the following transactions (note that all d ollars in Item 1 are in millions, except where noted) : 
 
 On October 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation ("NI") at an equity value of 8.2 billion. NI, which provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, had revenues of approximately 1.7 billion and pretax earnings of approximately 170 for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company completed the sale of a majority stake in its Climate Technologies business (which constitutes the former Climate Technologies segment, excluding Therm-O-Disc which was divested earlier in 2022; the new standalone business is named Copeland) to private equity funds managed by Blackstone in a 14.0 billion transaction. Emerson received upfront, pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately 9.7 billion and a note receivable with a face value of 2.25 billion, while retaining a 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in a new standalone joint venture between Emerson and Blackstone. Subsequently, in August 2024, Emerson sold its 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for 1.5 billion and sold the note receivable to Copeland for 1.9 billion. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for 3.0 billion. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company completed the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, the Company completed the transactions contemplated by its definitive agreement with Aspen Technology, Inc. ("Heritage AspenTech") to contribute two of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business (collectively, the Emerson Industrial Software Business ), along with approximately 6.0 billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech", a diversified, high-performance industrial software leader with greater scale, capabilities and technologies (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson owned 55 percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis). AspenTech had 2023 net sales of 1.04 billion. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company announced a proposal to acquire all outstanding shares of common stock of AspenTech not already owned by Emerson for 240 per share in cash, which implies a fully diluted market capitalization for AspenTech of 15.3 billion and an enterprise value of 15.1 billion. The Company currently owns approximately 57 percent of AspenTech's outstanding shares of common stock. The proposal is not subject to any financing condition and would be financed from cash on hand, committed lines of credit and/or other available sources of financing. Also on November 5, 2024, the Company announced that it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a cash sale, for its Safety Productivity segment. No assurance can be given whether the proposal or the review will lead to one or more transactions or as to any of the terms or conditions of such transactions. See Item 1A - "Risk Factors" for additional information. 
 
 1 

Further information regarding acquisition and divestiture activity is set forth in Notes 4 and 5. 
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. This includes the equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, and have now been reclassified and reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented (see Note 5). Beginning in 2024, the Company reports NI (which is now referred to as Test Measurement) as a new segment in the Software and Control business group. As a result of its portfolio transformation discussed above, the Company now reports seven segments and two business groups, which are highlighted in the table below (see Note 20 for further details). 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES SOFTWARE AND CONTROL Final Control 
 Control Systems Software 
 Measurement Analytical 
 Test Measurement 
 Discrete Automation 
 AspenTech 
 Safety Productivity 
 
 The Company's comprehensive automation portfolio includes intelligent devices, control systems and design and optimization software solutions to support a diverse set of industries and infrastructure, including process industries (such as chemical, power renewables and energy), hybrid industries (life sciences, metals mining, food beverage, pulp paper, and others), discrete industries (including automotive, medical, packaging and semiconductor) and more. 
 Emerson was incorporated in Missouri in 1890 and has evolved through internal growth and strategic acquisitions. Management has a well-established set of operating mechanisms to manage its business performance and set strategy. The Company also has processes undertaken by management with oversight from the Board of Directors to specifically focus on risks in areas such as cybersecurity, compliance, legal, sustainability, financial and reputational, among others. The Company periodically updates, assesses, and monitors its risk exposures, provides timely updates to the Board, and takes actions to mitigate these risks. 
 All Note references in this document refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which notes are hereby incorporated by reference. See also Item 1A - Risk Factors and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 INTELLIGENT DEVICES 
 
 Final Control 
 
 The Final Control segment is a leading global provider of control valves, isolation valves, shutoff valves, pressure relief valves, pressure safety valves, actuators, and regulators for process and hybrid industries. These solutions respond to commands from a control system to continuously and precisely control and regulate the flow of liquids or gases to achieve safe operation along with reliability, sustainability and optimized performance. Products within our Final Control segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Anderson Greenwood, Bettis, Crosby, Fisher, Keystone, KTM and Vanessa. 
 
 Measurement Analytical 
 
 The Measurement Analytical segment is a leading supplier of intelligent instrumentation measuring the physical properties of liquids or gases, such as pressure, temperature, level, flow, acoustics, corrosion, pH, conductivity, water quality, toxic gases, and flame. These devices transfer data and asset management information to control systems and automation software, allowing process and hybrid industry operators to make educated decisions regarding production, reliability, sustainability and safety. Products within our Measurement Analytical segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Flexim, Micro Motion and Rosemount. 
 
 Discrete Automation 
 
 The Discrete Automation segment includes solenoid valves, pneumatic valves, valve position indicators, pneumatic cylinders and actuators, air preparation equipment, pressure and temperature switches, electric linear motion 
 2 

solutions, programmable automation control systems and software, electrical distribution equipment, and materials joining solutions used primarily in discrete industries. Products within our Discrete Automation segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Afag, Appleton, ASCO, Aventics, Branson, Movicon, PACSystems, SolaHD, TESCOM, and TopWorx. 
 
 Safety Productivity 
 
 The Safety Productivity segment delivers tools for professionals and homeowners that support infrastructure, promote safety and enhance productivity. Pipe-working tools include pipe wrenches and cutters, pipe threading and roll grooving equipment, battery hydraulic tools for press connections, drain cleaners and diagnostic systems, including sewer inspection cameras and locating equipment. Electrical tools include conduit benders and cable pulling equipment, battery hydraulic tools for cutting and crimping electrical cable, and hole-making equipment. Other professional tools include water jetters, wet-dry vacuums, commercial vacuums and hand tools. Products within our Safety Productivity segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: Greenlee, Klauke, ProTeam and RIDGID. 
 
 SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 
 
 Control Systems Software 
 
 The Control Systems Software segment provides control systems and software that control plant processes by collecting and analyzing information from measurement devices in the plant. These technologies determine optimal settings with software based on a customer's specific algorithms and use that information to adjust valves, pumps, motors, drives and other control hardware for maximum product quality, process efficiency, sustainability and safety. These solutions include distributed control systems, safety instrumented systems, SCADA systems, application software, digital twins, asset performance management and cybersecurity. Control Systems Software solutions are predominantly used by process and hybrid manufacturers. Products within our Control Systems Software segment are marketed under a variety of brands including: AMS, DeltaV and Ovation. 
 
 Test Measurement 
 
 As discussed above, Emerson completed the acquisition of NI on October 11, 2023. This business is now referred to as Test Measurement and is reported as a new segment in the Software and Control business group in 2024. Test Measurement provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost. The Test Measurement business spans the full range of customer needs including modular instrumentation, data acquisition and control solutions, and general-purpose development software. 
 
 AspenTech 
 
 AspenTech is a global leader in asset optimization software that enables industrial manufacturers to design, operate and maintain their operations for maximum performance. AspenTech combines decades of modeling, simulation and optimization capabilities with industrial operations expertise and applies advanced analytics to improve the profitability and sustainability of production assets. The purpose-built software drives value for customers by improving operational efficiency and maximizing productivity, reducing unplanned downtime and safety risks, and minimizing energy consumption and emissions. 
 
 RESEARCH DEVELOPMENT 
 
 Investing in innovation to accelerate organic growth is a critical component of Emerson's value creation strategy. The Company is focused on key growth initiatives across its software, control and intelligent devices portfolio. These initiatives include disruptive measurement technologies, software-defined automation systems, self-optimizing asset software and sustainability solutions. Total spending for R D, engineering expense and customer-funded engineering and development was 8.1 percent of sales in 2024 compared to 6.9 percent in 2023 and 6.3 percent in 2022. 
 3 

DISTRIBUTION 
 
 The principal worldwide distribution channel for a majority of the Company's product offerings is through a direct sales forc e, while a network of independent sales representatives, and to a lesser extent independent distributors purchasing products for resale, are also utilized. 
 
 RAW MATERIALS 
 
 The Company's major requirements for basic raw materials include steel, cast iron, electronics, rare earth metals, aluminum a nd brass; and to a lesser extent, plastics and petroleum-based chemicals. The Company seeks to have many sources of supply for each of its major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. However, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters or other events. Despite market price volatility for certain requirements, the raw materials and various purchased components needed for the Company s products have generally been available in sufficient quantities. See Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES 
 
 The Company maintains an intellectual property portfolio it has developed or acquired over a number of years, including patents, trademarks and licenses. The Company also continues to develop or acquire new intellectual propert y. New patent applications are continuously filed to protect the Company s ongoing research and development activities and the Company periodically reviews the continued utility of patent assets. The Company s trademark registrations may be renewed and their duration is dependent upon national laws and trademark use. While this proprietary intellectual property portfolio is important to the Company in the aggregate, management does not regard any of its segments as being dependent on any single patent, trademark registration or license. 
 
 BACKLOG 
 
 The Company s estimated consolidated order backlog was 8.4 billion and 7.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which approximately 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion related to AspenTech, while approximately 400 was attributable to Test Measurement. Approximately 75 percent of the Company s consolidated backlog is expected to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months, with the remainder substantially over the subsequent two years thereafter. Backlog by business group at September 30, 2024 and 2023 follows (dollars in millions): 
 2023 2024 Intelligent Devices 4,471 4,491 Software and Control 3,302 3,957 Total Backlog 7,773 8,448 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 The Company's businesses operate in highly competitive markets. The Company competes based on product performance, quality, branding, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of the Company's competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Although no single company competes directly with Emerson in all of the Company's product lines, various companies compete in one or more product lines with the number of competitors varying by product line. Some competitors have substantially greater sales, assets and financial resources than Emerson and the Company also competes with many smaller companies. Management believes Emerson has a market leadership position in many of its product lines. 
 
 REGULATIONS 
 
 The Company's operations, products and services are subject to various government regulations, including environmental regulations. Our manufacturing locations generate waste, of which treatment, storage, transportation and disposal are subject to U.S. federal, state, foreign and/or local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment. The Company continually works to minimize the environmental impact of its operations through safe 
 4 

technologies, facility design and operating procedures. Compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), earnings or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company and which could negatively impact our operating results. See Item 1A - "Risk Factors." 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Emerson is dedicated to modernizing our workplace culture to meet the needs and expectations of today's workers and attract talent that will help us thrive. In 2022, Emerson introduced Let's Go , the Company's first-ever employee value proposition (EVP), inviting our global workforce and potential hires to join in making the world healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable. Building on this momentum, Emerson in 2024 focused on activating its EVP among employees by further defining it across five key cultural areas: Legacy of Innovation; Challenging, Purposeful Work; Diverse People, Working Together; Limitless Growth; and Global and Local Impact. Collectively, these five areas form Emerson's differentiated employee experience. By substantiating progress and achievements in each of these areas, the Company is strengthening its culture and enabling its EVP to be considered at every touchpoint of the employee lifecycle and experience - from HR programs to the actions of leaders, behavioral norms and physical work environment. 
 
 The skills, experience and industry knowledge of key employees significantly benefit Emerson's operations and performance. The Company's Board of Directors and management oversee various employee initiatives. Emerson supports and develops its employees through global training and development programs that build and strengthen employees' leadership and professional skills. Leadership development programs include intensive learning programs for new leaders as well as more established leaders. The Company also partners with educational institutions and nonprofit organizations to help prepare current and future workers with the knowledge and skills they need to succeed. 
 
 To assess and improve employee retention and engagement, Emerson implemented a globally consistent, digital continuous listening strategy in 2023 through which all employees across the Company are surveyed annually and their feedback is used to drive actions that address areas of employee interest and concern. In 2024, 89 percent of employees participated (up from 85 percent in 2023) and Emerson's overall engagement score increased to 79 percent (up from 78 percent). In addition, Emerson's inclusion index score increased by 3.5 percentage points to 79 percent. 
 
 Employee health and safety in the workplace is also one of the Company s core values. The Corporate Safety Council is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer and oversees our safety efforts, supported by health and safety committees and leaders that operate at the local site level. Hazards in the workplace are actively identified and management tracks incidents so remedial actions can be taken to improve workplace safety. In 2024, the Company's total recordable rate of injuries was 0.30, and its lost or restricted workday case rate was 0.22 (both measured as the number of incidents per 100 employees). 
 
 We have identified other human capital priorities, including, among other things, providing competitive wages and benefits and promoting an inclusive culture. The Company is committed to efforts to build diverse teams and foster a work environment that supports our large global workforce and helps us innovate for our customers. Overall, women represent 33 percent of our global workforce and 24 percent of leadership positions are held by women. In the U.S., minorities represent 36 percent of our workforce and 23 percent of our leadership positions. Our global Employee Resource Groups support our diverse workforce and have grown to over 13,000 members. We are proud to have been named to Fortune Magazine's "America's Most Innovative Companies" list for 2023 and as a "Best Employer for Diversity" by Forbes in 2022. 
 
 Employee levels are managed to align with the pace of busin ess and management believes it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. The Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 73,000 employees at September 30, 2024. Management believes that the Company's employee relations are favorable. 
 
 A small portion of the Company s U.S. employees are unionized, while outside the U.S., we have employees in certain countries, particularly in Europe, that are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. 
 5 

ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 
 
 Emerson s global purpose is to drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable. Our environmental sustainability strategy is focused on driving progress within our facilities and helping our customers achieve their ESG objectives. In 2021, we appointed Mike Train as Chief Sustainability Officer. This role, part of our Office of the Chief Executive, reflects our focus on sustainability across our company. Under his leadership, Emerson has made significant strides, and we are strengthening our leadership position as our customers and suppliers work to deliver their environmental targets. 
 
 In 2022, we set an ambitious target to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value chain by 2045 compared to a 2021 baseline. To set us on the right pathway, we will target net zero operations and a 25 percent reduction of our value chain emissions by 2030, also compared to a 2021 baseline. In 2023, we established a goal to achieve zero waste to landfill in our manufacturing facilities by 2032, from a 2022 fiscal year baseline, wherever this is compatible with local conditions and regulations. We also introduced a new Technology and Environmental Sustainability Board committee, which is tasked with overseeing strategy related to technology and R D, the Company s product cybersecurity practices and Emerson s environmental sustainability goals and programs. 
 
 Our environmental sustainability strategy is summarized by our Greening Of, Greening By, Greening With framework. Greening Of Emerson demonstrates our efforts to improve our internal environmental sustainability performance, including reducing our GHG emissions and energy and water consumption as well as engaging suppliers and other value chain partners. Greening By Emerson is our approach to delivering hardware and software technology, solutions and expertise that support and enable our customers decarbonization and environmental sustainability efforts. Greening With Emerson reflects how we foster collaboration among stakeholders by participating in environmental sustainability industry forums, partnering to develop innovative solutions, and engaging with governments globally to support sustainability-related policies and regulations. 
 
 Emerson s environmental sustainability initiatives and strategy are discussed further in our 2023 Sustainability Report, which can be found on our website at www.Emerson.com; this report is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 INTERNET ACCESS 
 
 Emerson's reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, are available without charge through the Company s website on the internet as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They may be accessed as follows: www.Emerson.com, Investors, SEC Filings. Information on the Company s website does not constitute part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The information set forth under Item 1A - Risk Factors is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider, among other matters, the factors set forth below and the other information in this report. The Company s risk factors set forth below are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to management or that management currently deems immaterial also may materially, adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition or operating results. We may amend or supplement the risk factors set forth below from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 We Operate in Businesses That Are Subject to Competitive Pressures That Could Affect Prices or Demand for Our Products 
 
 Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. Our businesses are 
 6 

largely dependent on the current and future business environment, including capital and consumer spending. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Various companies compete with us in one or more product lines and the number of competitors varies by product line. Some of our competitors have substantially greater sales, assets and financial resources than our Company and we also compete with many smaller companies. Competitive pressures could adversely affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our sales or profit margins, and/or resulting in a loss of market share. In addition, certain of our businesses rely, in part, on independent sales representatives and distributors. Any disruption or adverse change in our relationships with these independent sales representatives could weaken our competitive position and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. A disruption or adverse change could result from the sale or financial instability of an independent sales representative or distributor, changes to our relationship including favoring competing products for any reason, or other events. 
 
 Our Operating Results Depend in Part on Continued Successful Research, Development and Marketing of New and/or Improved Products and Services, and There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue to Successfully Introduce New Products and Services 
 
 The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected by varying degrees of technological change, such as, among others, artificial intelligences and machine learning, and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of bein g first to market with new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to continue to bring new products and services to market. 
 
 We must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. Market growth from the use of cleaner energy sources, as well as emissions management, energy efficiency and decarbonization efforts are likely to depend in part on technologies not yet deployed or widely adopted today. We may not adequately innovate or position our businesses for the adoption of technologies such as battery storage solutions, hydrogen use cases in industry, mobility, and power generation, enhanced electrical grid demand management, carbon capture and sequestration or advanced nuclear power. 
 
 These trends and the relative competitiveness of our product and service offerings will continue to be impacted by uncertain factors such as the pace of technological developments and related cost considerations, the levels of economic growth in different markets around the world and the adoption of climate change-related policies such as carbon taxes, greenhouse gas emission reductions, incentives or mandates for particular types of energy, or policies that impact the availability of financing for certain types of projects. 
 
 If We Are Unable to Defend or Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights, the Company's Competitive Position Could Be Adversely Affected 
 
 The Company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other confidential information. This intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation or circumvention by third parties. Despite extensive security measures, our intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of our information technology systems, employee theft, or other acts of industrial espionage. Should the Company be unable to adequately defend or protect its intellectual property, it may suffer competitive harm. 
 
 We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, Which Are Subject to Domestic and Foreign Regulatory Requirements, and May Encounter Difficulties in Integrating and Separating These Businesses and Therefore We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits 
 
 We regularly seek growth through strategic acquisitions as well as evaluate our portfolio for potential divestitures. These activities require favorable environments to execute these transactions, and we may encounter difficulties in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions. In 2024 and in past years, we have made various acquisitions and divestitures, including our acquisition of National Instruments, our divestiture of the Climate Technologies business (now renamed Copeland), and our majority stake in Aspen 
 7 

Technology, Inc., and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand our business, and may continue to do so in the future. As a result of these transactions, the Company has a narrower business which is focused on higher growth markets including software, innovation and disruptive technologies, and may encounter more volatility and be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to achieve higher rates of growth, integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations as well as separating divested businesses, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of anticipated benefits including, among others, increasing rates of profitability and growth. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our Portfolio Actions Including the Proposed Acquisition of the Remaining Interest in AspenTech Not Already Owned by the Company and the Process to Explore Strategic Alternatives for the Company's Safety Productivity Segment May Not Be Completed or Completed on the Terms and Conditions Contemplated, or With the Expected Benefits 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company announced a proposal to acquire all outstanding shares of common stock of AspenTech not already owned by Emerson for 240 per share in cash, which implies a fully diluted market capitalization for AspenTech of 15.3 billion and an enterprise value of 15.1 billion, and would be financed from cash on hand, committed lines of credit and/or other available sources of financing. Also on November 5, 2024, the Company announced that it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a cash sale, for its Safety Productivity segment. No assurance can be given whether the proposal or the review will lead to one or more transactions. We can make no assurance as to the completion, terms, timing, costs or benefits anticipated from any such transactions. Unforeseen developments, including delays in obtaining various tax, regulatory and other approvals, could delay any such transactions, or cause one or more of them to occur on terms and conditions that are less favorable, or at a higher cost, than expected. 
 
 We Use a Variety of Raw Materials and Components in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our P roducts 
 
 Our major requirements for raw materials include steel, cast iron, electronics, rare earth metals, aluminum, brass and, to a lesser extent, plastics and petroleum-based chemicals. The Company seeks multiple sources of supply for each of its major requirements in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. However, the supply of materials or other items could be disrupted by natural disasters, a health epidemic or pandemic, or other events. Significant shortages or price increases could impact the prices our affected businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. While we monitor market prices of the commodities we require and attempt to mitigate price exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Our Operations Depend on Production Facilities Throughout the World, a Majority of Which Are Located Outside the United States and Subject to Increased Risks of Disrupted Production, Causing Delays in Shipments and Loss of Customers and Revenue 
 
 We manage businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, a majority of which are located outside the United States, and also source certain materials globally. Emerging market sales represent over one-third of total sales and serving a global customer base requires that we p lace more materials sourcing and production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain a best-cost position. Our and our suppliers non-U.S. production facilities and operations could be disrupted by weather and natural disaster (including the potential effects of climate change), labor strife, war (including the Russia-Ukraine and other global conflicts), political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns such as an epidemic or pandemic, particularly in emerging countries that are not well-equip ped to handle such occurrences. 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies and regulations in host countries, as well as economic and political upheaval, than our domestic facilities. These facilities face increased risks of nationalization as well as operational disruptions which could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate us. 
 
 8 

Access to Funding Through the Capital Markets is Essential to the Execution of Our Business Plan, and if We Are Unable to Maintain Such Access We Could Experience a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business and Financial Results 
 
 Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments, or affect the Company s ability to access those markets. If we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, if our customers, suppliers or financial institutions are unable to access the capital markets to meet their commitments to the Company, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our Business Success Depends on the Ability to Attract, Develop and Retain Key Personnel 
 
 Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management and key employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our ability to succeed in our human capital goals and priorities as well as negatively impact our business and operating results. 
 
 Security and/or Data Privacy Breaches, or Disruptions of Our Information Technology Systems Could Adversely Affect Our Business 
 
 The Company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures (including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring, and maintenance of backup and protective systems), the Company s information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. We anticipate that the risk of cybersecurity attacks will increase as artificial intelligence capabilities improve and are increasingly used to identify vulnerabilities and construct increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, with the possibility of additional vulnerabilities being introduced through our own use of artificial intelligence and its use by our stakeholders, including vendors and customers, among others. Should the Company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to our information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations, as well as expose the Company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and elsewhere. Compliance with privacy and localization laws and regulations increases operational complexity. Failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to fines and penalties, as well as legal and reputational risks, including proceedings against the Company by governmental entities or others. 
 
 Our Products and Services are Highly Sophisticated and Specialized, and a Major Product Failure or Similar Event Caused by Defects, Cybersecurity Incidents or Other Failures Could Adversely Affect Our Business, Reputation, Financial Position and Results of Operations 
 
 We produce highly sophisticated products and provide specialized services that incorporate or use complex or leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Many of our products and services, including measurement and analytical instrumentation, industrial valves and equipment, and process control systems, are integrated and used in complex process, hybrid and discrete manufacturing environments. As a result, the impact of a catastrophic product failure or similar event could be significant. While we have built operational processes to ensure that our product design, manufacture, performance and servicing meet rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we or our customers or other third parties will not experience operational process or product 
 9 

failures and other problems, including through manufacturing or design defects, process or other failures of contractors or third-party suppliers, cybersecurity incidents or other intentional acts, that could result in potential product, safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Cybersecurity incidents aimed at the software embedded in our products could lead to third-party claims resulting from damages caused by our product failures, and this risk is enhanced by the increasingly connected nature of our products. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. 
 
 Industry and General Economic Risks 
 
 Our Substantial Sales Both in the U.S. and Abroad Subject Us to Economic Risk as Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Government Regulations and Policies and Currency Fluctuations 
 
 We sell, manufacture, engineer and purchase products globally, with significant sales in both mature and emerging markets. We expect sales in non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales. Our U.S. and international operations subject the Company to changes in government regulations and policies in a large number of jurisdictions around the world, including those related to trade, investments, taxation, exchange controls and repatriation of earnings. Changes in laws or policies (including their interpretations) governing the terms of foreign trade, trade restrictions or barriers, tariffs or taxes, trade protection measures, and retaliatory countermeasures, including on imports from countries where we manufacture products, could adversely impact our business and financial results. In addition, changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and have affected our operating results and could do so in the future. While we monitor our exchange rate exposures and attempt to mitigate this exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Recessions, Adverse Market Conditions or Downturns in End Markets We Serve May Negatively Affect Our Operations 
 
 In th e past, our operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions or consumer preferences, recessions or adverse conditions in the end markets we serve. In the future, similar changes could adversely impact overall sales, operating results (including potential impairment charges for goodwill or other long-lived assets) and cash flows. Moreover, during economic downturns we may undertake more extensive restructuring actions, including workforce reductions, global facility consolidations, centralization of certain business support activities, and other cost reduction initiatives, and incur higher costs. As these plans and actions can be complex, the anticipated operational improvements, efficiencies and other benefits might be delayed or not realized. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Changes in Tax Rates, Laws or Regulations and the Resolution of Tax Disputes Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Results 
 
 As a global company, we are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine ou r consolidated income tax provision and related liabilities. The Company s effective tax rate, cash flows and operating results could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, as well as by changes in the local tax laws and regulations, or the interpretations thereof, including multiple, overlapping tax regimes enacted as part of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development proposals that implement a global minimum tax. In addition, the Company s tax returns are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities. While we believe our tax provisions are appropriate, the final outcome of tax audits or disputes could result in adju stments to the Company s tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Our Reputation, Ability To Do Business and Results of Operations Could Be Impaired By Improper Conduct By Any of Our Employees, Agents or Business Partners 
 
 We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including laws related to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, export and import compliance, anti-trust and money 
 10 

laundering, due to our global operations. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree. We cannot provide assurance our internal controls will always protect us from the improper conduct of our employees, agents and business partners. Any such violation of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance and could damage our reputation, our business and results of operations. 
 
 We Are Subject to Litigation and Environmental Regulations That Could Adversely Impact Our Operating Results 
 
 We are, and may in the future be, a party to a number of legal proceedings and claims, including those involving intellectual property, commercial transactions, government contracts, the integration of emerging technologies (for example, artificial intelligence and machine learning, among others), M A, employment, employee benefit plans, antitrust, anti-corruption, accounting, import and export, health and safety matters, product liability (including asbestos) and environmental matters, several of which claim, or may in the future claim, si gnificant damages. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse impact. We also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment, and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental laws. In addition, increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more international, federal, and/or state or other stakeholder requirements or expectations that could result in more restrictive or expansive standards, such as stricter limits on greenhouse gas emissions or more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social, and governance metrics. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate change legislation and standards, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. While the Company has adopted certain voluntary targets, environmental laws, regulations or standards may be changed, accelerated or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company, its products or customers, which could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 Increasing Interest and Expectations with Respect to Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Matters by Our Various Stakeholders Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Operating Results 
 
 In response to growing customer, investor, employee, governmental, and other stakeholder interest in our ESG practices, we have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance and have established and announced our aspirational purpose, causes, values, and related commitments, goals or targets, including those regarding sustainability, greenhouse gas emissions, our net zero ambition, and diversity, equity and inclusion. Our ability to achieve such goals and aspirations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which rely on the collective efforts of others or may be outside of our control. Such risks include, among others, the availability and adoption of new or additional technologies that reduce carbon or eliminate energy sources on a commercially reasonable basis, competing and evolving economic, policy and regulatory factors, the ability of suppliers and others to meet our sustainability, diversity and other goals, the availability of qualified candidates in our labor markets and our ability to recruit and retain diverse talent, and customer engagement in our goals. There may be times where actual outcomes vary from those aimed for or expected and sometimes challenges may delay or block progress. As a result, we cannot offer assurances that the results reflected or implied by any such statements will be realized or achieved. Moreover, standards and expectations for ESG matters continue to evolve and may be subject to varying interpretations, which may result in significant revisions to our goals or progress. In addition, certain of our product offerings may become less attractive as standards evolve. A failure or perceived failure to meet our aspirational purpose, causes, values, and related commitments, goals or targets within the timelines we announce, or at all, or a failure or perceived failure to meet evolving stakeholders expectations and standards, could damage our reputation, adversely affect employee retention or engagement or support from our various stakeholders and could subject us to government enforcement actions or penalties and private litigation. Such outcomes could negatively impact the Company s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 11 

ITEM 1C - CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Emerson has a cybersecurity risk management program that is designed to assess, identify, manage, and govern material risks from cybersecurity threats. Emerson maintains oversight of its cybersecurity risk management program through a governance structure that includes senior management, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors (the Board ). Emerson s cybersecurity risk management program leverages multiple layers of security controls across the Company s systems designed to establish risk treatment plans and regularly monitor risks. Emerson maintains cybersecurity policies and standards aligned with industry standard control frameworks and applicable regulations, laws and standards, and a global incident response plan. 
 
 Emerson s Board directly, or through its appropriate committees, provides oversight of management s efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risk and response to cyber incidents. The Board and/or its appropriate committees receive regular updates on cybersecurity from management and engage in discussions throughout the year, including with subject-matter experts as appropriate, on the function of the Company s overall cybersecurity program, cybersecurity risks, strategies for addressing these risks and the implementation thereof. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility for the Company s enterprise cybersecurity risks. The Board also receives reports on cyber events, as appropriate, including response efforts, legal obligations and outreach and notification to regulators and/or customers when needed, as well as provide guidance to management as appropriate. 
 
 Emerson s Chief Information Security Officer, who has over twenty-five years experience in information technology within the engineering and technology industries, with the last fourteen years dedicated to cybersecurity, oversees the Company s enterprise cybersecurity risk management program. The Chief Information Security Officer leads the global enterprise security team responsible for leading enterprise-wide information security strategy, architecture, processes, as well as assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks, which is an integrated aspect of our overall enterprise risk management program. The Chief Information Security Officer provides regular updates to senior management on key security performance indicators of our enterprise cybersecurity program. The Chief Information Security Officer also provides quarterly briefings on cybersecurity to the Audit Committee. 
 
 Emerson maintains a centralized 24x7x365 global incident response operation, managed by the global enterprise security team, supported by leading cybersecurity tools that detect and respond to threats as they occur. Every detected cyber incident is reviewed and assessed by Emerson s Computer Incident Response Team in accordance with our incident response plan, which contains documented escalation paths and is regularly tested. 
 
 Emerson engages independent third-party cybersecurity experts to evaluate our cybersecurity maturity and test effectiveness of overall cybersecurity controls. To test and reinforce Emerson s internal cybersecurity processes, the Company utilizes an accredited and independent third party to audit and certify key elements of our primary data centers, cloud environments and our enterprise IT organization. The audits are conducted according to International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 Framework, although this is not meant to imply that we meet all technical standards, specifications or requirements under ISO 27001. In addition to performing periodic, internal security reviews, the Company also conducts cybersecurity tabletop exercises led by third party cybersecurity consulting firms from time to time, with the last such engagement occurring in 2023. 
 
 Emerson relies on third-party service providers for certain critical or key infrastructure, solutions, and services across our operations. Emerson has an internal vendor management team that assesses risks from vendors and suppliers that provide, amongst other things, key information and supply chain services to Emerson. 
 
 Emerson maintains a Cybersecurity Awareness Team, within the global enterprise security team, responsible for driving a global information security culture through awareness and education programs. It has created company-wide information security policies and procedures, reviews these regularly and makes them electronically available to our employees. The team works closely with subject matter experts to create educational material and communicate best practices to the company through online training, custom video content, simulated phishing attacks and a variety of other targeted touchpoints. 
 
 To date, no risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business, our business strategy, our results of operations or financial condition. In the event an attack or other intrusion were to be successful, we have a response team of internal and external resources engaged and prepared to respond. See Item 1A - "Risk Factors" for additional information. 
 12 

ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 130 manufacturing locations worldwide, of which approximately 40 were located in the United States and 90 were located outside the United States, primarily in Europe and Asia, and to a lesser extent in Canada and Latin America. Manufacturing locations by business are: Intelligent Devices, 120 , including 40 in the Final Control segment, 30 in the Measurement Analytical segment, 40 in the Discrete Automation segment, and 10 in the Safety Productivity segment; and Software and Control, 5, including 2 in the Test Measurement segment with the remaining in the Control Systems Software segment. Additionally, there are 5 locations that support multiple segments. The majority of the locations are owned, with the remainder occupied under lease. The Company considers its facilities suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used. The Company also maintains a smaller number of administrative, sales, research and development, and distribution facilities. 
 
 ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are party to various legal proceedings, some of which claim substantial amounts of damages. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, but historically the Company has been largely successful in both prosecuting and defending claims and lawsuits. 
 
 Given the uncertainties of litigation, a remote possibility exists that litigation could have a material adverse impact on the Company; however, the Company believes a material adverse impact of any pending litigation is unlikely. 
 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Note 15. 
 
 ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following sets forth certain information as of November 12, 2024, with respect to the Company's executive officers. T hese officers have been elected or appointed to terms which expire February 4, 2025: 
 
 Name Position Age Year First Appointed an Executive Officer S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer 55 2018 R. R. Krishnan 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 53 2021 M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 59 2018 M. H. Train Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer 62 2016 L. A. Flavin Senior Vice President, Chief Transformation and Chief Compliance Officer 59 2021 P. Zornio Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
 61 2022 V. Ramnath Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 57 2023 N. Piazza Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer 
 46 2023 M. Tang Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer 50 2024 

There are no family relationships among any of the executive officers and directors. 
 
 13 

Lal Karsanbhai has been Chief Executive Officer since February 2021 and President since March 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Karsanbhai was Executive President - Automation Solutions from October 2018 through January 2021, President - Measurement Analytical from 2016 through September 2018, and President Emerson Network Power Europe, Middle East Africa from 2014 through 2016. 
 
 Ram R. Krishnan was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in February 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Krishnan was President Final Control from November 2017 to February 2021, Chief Operating Officer Final Control from January 2017 to November 2017, and President Flow Solutions from 2016 through January 2017. 
 
 Michael J. Baughman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2023, and Chief Accounting Officer in February 2018. Prior to his current position, Mr. Baughman was named Vice President and Controller in October 2017. Prior to that Mr. Baughman was Vice President, Finance, Global Operations, Quality, and Research and Development of Baxter International Inc., a global healthcare products company, from 2015 through September 2017, and Vice President, Finance, Medical Products of Baxter from 2013 to 2015. 
 
 Michael H. Train was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer in March 2021. Prior to his current position, Mr. Train was President from October 2018 to March 2021 and Executive President - Automation Solutions from October 2016 through October 2018, Executive Vice President - Automation Solutions from May 2016 through October 2016 and President of Global Sales for Emerson Process Management from 2010 through May 2016. 
 
 Lisa A. Flavin was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer in March 2021, and assumed the additional role of Chief Transformation Officer in 2023. Prior to her current position, Ms. Flavin was Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer from February 2019 through March 2021 and Vice President, Audit and Chief Compliance Officer from February 2015 through February 2019. 
 
 Peter Zornio was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in December 2022. Prior to his current position, Mr. Zornio was the Chief Technology Officer for the Automation Solutions Group from June 2017 to December 2022 and Chief Strategy Officer for Automation Solutions Systems and Solutions from June 2006 to June 2017. 
 
 Vidya Ramnath was appointed to Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Office r in June 2023. Prio r to her current position, Ms. Ramnath was President of Middle East Africa from 2019 through June 2023 and Vice President of Asia Pacific for Measurement Analytical from 2017 through 2019. 
 
 Nick Piazza was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer in August 2023. Prior to his current position, Mr. Piazza was Vice President of Global Talent and Human Resource Operations from August 2021 through July 2023, and Vice President of Human Resources in Asia-Pacific for the company s Automation Solutions business from July 2017 through July 2021. 
 
 Michael Tang was appointed Senior Vice President, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer in January 2024. Prior to his current position, Mr. Tang was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Agilent Technologies, Inc. Mr. Tang had been with Agilent Technologies since 2006, holding numerous roles of increasing responsibility. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR DIRECTORS 
 The following sets forth certain information about the Company's Board of Directors as of November 12, 2024. 
 
 14 

Name Current or Former Position Company James S. Turley Chair of the Emerson Board, and Retired Chairman and CEO Ernst Young Mark A. Blinn 
 Former CEO, President and Director Flowserve Corporation Joshua B. Bolten CEO Business Roundtable Calvin G. Butler President and CEO Exelon Martin S. Craighead Former Chairman, President and CEO Baker Hughes William H. Easter III Former Chairman, President and CEO DCM Midstream LLC Gloria A. Flach Retired Corporate Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Northrop Grumman Lal Karsanbhai President and CEO 
 Emerson Lori M. Lee CEO, AT T Latin America and Global Marketing Officer AT T Inc. Matthew S. Levatich Retired President and CEO Harley-Davidson, Inc. Leticia Goncalves Lourenco President, Precision Fermentation and ADM Ventures Archer Daniels Midland Company James M. McKelvey Co-Founder, Block (formerly Square), Founder, Invisibly, Inc., and General Partner, Fintop Capital 
 Fintop Capital 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Information regarding the market for the Company's common stock and dividend payments is set forth in Note 22 and is hereby incorporated by reference. There were approximately 14,500 stockholders of record at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (000s) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (000s) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (000s) July 2024 31,415 August 2024 1,964 103.75 1,964 29,451 September 2024 559 100.54 559 28,892 Total 2,523 103.04 2,523 28,892 
 
 In March 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of 60 million shares and a total of approximately 28.9 million shares remain available under the authorization. 

15 

Shareholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the total return on a cumulative basis through September 30, 2024, assuming reinvestment of dividends, of 100 invested in Company common stock as of market close on September 30, 2019 to the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Capital Goods Index. This graph is not deemed to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), and should not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our prior or subsequent filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 
 
 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 CAGR Emerson 100 101 149 118 159 184 13.0 S P 500 100 115 150 127 154 210 16.0 S P 500 Capital Goods 100 95 128 108 139 200 14.9 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 16 

Safe Harbor Statement 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning Emerson's operations, future results and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Emerson undertakes no obligation to update any such statements to reflect later developments. In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Emerson provides the cautionary statements set forth under Item 1A - Risk Factors, which are hereby incorporated by reference and identify important economic, political and technological factors, among others, changes in which could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement the Company s financial information presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), management periodically uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, as such term is defined in Regulation G under SEC rules, to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s operating performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are included in or excluded from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For exa mple, non-GAAP measures may exclude the impact of certain items such as acquisitions or divestitures, amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs, discrete taxes, ch anges in reporting segments, gains, losses and impairments, or items outside of management s control, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into the Company s financial position and operating performance. Any non-GAAP measure provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to, the most directly comparable measure determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as identified in italics below. Further, the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies. 
 Underlying sales, which exclude the impact of significant acquisitions, divestitures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the periods presented, are provided to facilitate relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability (U.S. GAAP measure: net sales ). 
 
 Operating profit (defined as net sales less cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses) and operating profit margin (defined as operating profit divided by net sales) are indicative of short-term operational performance and ongoing profitability. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. EBIT (defined as earnings before deductions for interest expense, net, related party interest income, and income taxes) and total segment EBIT, and EBIT margin (defined as EBIT divided by net sales) and total segment EBIT margin, are financial measures that exclude the impact of financing on the capital structure and income taxes . Adjusted EBITA and adjusted segment EBITA (defined as earnings excluding interest expense, net, related party interest income, income taxes, intangibles amortization expense, restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction fees, and certain gains, losses or impairments) and adjusted EBITA margin and adjusted segment EBITA margin (defined as adjusted EBITA divided by net sales) are measures used by management to evaluate the Company's operational performance, as they exclude the impact of acquisition-related investments and non-operational items. EBITDA (defined as EBIT excluding depreciation and amortization) and EBITDA margin (defined as EBITDA divided by net sales) are also used as measures of the Company's current operating performance, as they exclude the impact of capital and acquisition-related investments. Adjusted EBITDA (defined as EBITDA excluding restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction fees, and certain gains, losses or impairments) and adjusted EBITDA margin (defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales) are also used to exclude the impact of non-operational items. All of these are commonly used financial measures utilized by management to evaluate performance (U.S. GAAP measures: pretax earnings or pretax profit margin, segment earnings or segment margin ). 
 Earnings and earnings per share excluding certain gains and losses, impairments, restructuring costs, impacts of acquisitions or divestitures, amortization of intangibles, discrete taxes, or other items provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the Company and facilitate period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact of these items. Management believes that presenting earnings and earnings per 
 17 

share excluding these items is more representative of the Company s operational performance and may be more useful for investors (U.S. GAAP measures: earnings, earnings per share ). 
 Free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) and free cash flow as a percent of net sales are indicators of the Company s cash generating capabilities, and dividends as a percent of free cash flow is an indicator of the Company's ability to support its divid end, after considering investments in capital assets which are necessary to maintain and enhance existing operations. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Managemen t believes that free cash flow, free cash flow as a percent of net sales and dividends as a percent of free cash flow are useful to both management and investors as measures of the Company s ability to generate cash and support its dividend (U.S. GAAP measures: operating cash flow, operating cash flow as a percent of net sales, dividends as a percent of operating cash flow ). 
 18 

FINANCIAL REVIEW 
 Report of Management 
 The Company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements. Management believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024 have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. In preparing the financial statements, management makes informed judgments and estimates where necessary to reflect the expected effects of events and transactions that have not been completed. The Company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. 
 In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, management relies on a system of internal accounting controls. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Although the design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur, management believes that the Company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, is responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee meets with management and the Company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The Audit Committee also meets periodically with the independent auditors, who have free access to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, to discuss the quality and acceptability of the Company's financial reporting and internal controls, as well as nonaudit-related services. 
 The independent auditors are engaged to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Their opinions are based on procedures that they believe to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the Company's internal controls are effective. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the frame work and the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company's auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ S. L. Karsanbhai /s/ Michael J. Baughman 
 S. L. Karsanbhai Michael J. Baughman 
 President Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 19 

Results of Operations 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in Item 7 are in millions, except per share amounts or where noted) 

2022 2023 2024 23 vs. 22 24 vs. 23 Net sales 13,804 15,165 17,492 10 15 Gross profit 6,306 7,427 8,885 18 20 Percent of sales 45.7 49.0 50.8 3.3 pts 1.8 pts SG A 3,614 4,186 5,142 Percent of sales 26.2 27.6 29.4 1.4 pts 1.8 pts Loss on Copeland note receivable 279 Gain on subordinated interest (453) (161) (79) Other deductions, net 519 506 1,434 Amortization of intangibles 336 482 1,077 Restructuring costs 75 72 228 Interest expense, net 194 34 175 Interest income from related party (41) (86) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 2,432 2,903 2,020 19 (30) Percent of sales 17.6 19.1 11.5 1.5 pts (7.6) pts Earnings from continuing operations common stockholders 1,886 2,286 1,618 21 (29) Percent of sales 13.7 15.1 9.2 1.4 pts (5.9) pts Net earnings common stockholders 3,231 13,219 1,968 309 (85) Percent of sales 23.4 87.2 11.2 63.8 pts (76.0) pts Diluted EPS Earnings from continuing operations 3.16 3.96 2.82 25 (29) Diluted EPS Net earnings 5.41 22.88 3.43 323 (85) Adjusted Diluted EPS Earnings from continuing operations 3.64 4.44 5.49 22 24 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 On October 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation ("NI"), which is now referred to as Test Measurement and reported as a new segment in the Software and Control business group. NI provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, and had revenues of approximately 1.7 billion for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 4. 
 
 On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell its 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for 1.5 billion and its note receivable to Copeland for 1.9 billion, and the transactions were subsequently completed in August 2024. Upon entering into the note agreement, the Company recorded a pretax loss in continuing operations of 279 217 after-tax, 0.38 per share) to adjust the carrying value of the note to 1.9 billion to reflect the transaction price, while the Company recognized a gain of 539 435 after-tax) in discontinued operations upon the sale of the common equity interest. In addition, the equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, have been reclassified and are now reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. See Notes 5 and 8 for further detail. 
 
 20 

Overall, in 2024 sales were 17.5 billion, up 15 percent compared with the prior year. Underlying sales, which exclude foreign currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures, were up 6 percent. The Test Measurement acquisition added 9.5 percent and the divestiture of Metran, Emerson's Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary, deducted 0.5 percent. 
 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders were 1,618 in 2024, down 29 percent compared with prior year earnings of 2,286, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 2.82, down 29 percent versus 3.96 in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to purchase accounting related impacts from the NI acquisition and higher associated restructuring charges, and the loss on the sale of the Copeland note receivable. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 5.49 compared with 4.44 in the prior year, reflecting sales growth and strong operating performance, as well as a 0.45 contribution from Test Measurement. 
 
 The Company generated operating cash flow from continuing operations of 3.3 billion in 2024, an increase of 607, or 22 percent, reflecting higher earnings (excluding the impact of non-cash items related to the NI acquisition and the loss on the Copeland note receivable). 
 
 The table below presents the Company's diluted earnings per share from continuing operations on an adjusted basis to facilitate period-to-period comparisons and provide additional insight into the underlying, ongoing operating performance of the Company. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excludes intangibles amortization expense, restructuring expense, first year purchase accounting related items and transaction-related costs, interest income on undeployed proceeds related to the Copeland transaction, gains or losses on the Copeland equity method investment, and certain gains, losses or impairments. 
 
 2022 2023 2024 Diluted earnings from continuing operations per share 3.16 3.96 2.82 Amortization of intangibles 0.45 0.62 1.43 Restructuring and related costs 0.14 0.14 0.33 Amortization of acquisition-related inventory step-up 0.38 Acquisition/divestiture costs and pre-acquisition interest on AspenTech debt (in 2022) 0.15 0.13 0.26 Loss on divestiture of businesses 0.09 Loss on Copeland note receivable 0.38 Discrete taxes (0.10) Gain on subordinated interest (0.60) (0.21) (0.10) National Instruments investment gain (0.07) Other investment-related gains (0.02) AspenTech Micromine purchase price hedge 0.04 (0.02) Interest income on undeployed proceeds from Copeland transaction (0.19) Russia business exit charge 0.32 0.08 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share 3.64 4.44 5.49 
 The table below summarizes the changes in adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. The items identified below are discussed throughout MD A, see further discussion above and in the Business Segments and Financial Position sections below. 
 21 

2023 2024 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share - prior year 3.64 4.44 Operations 0.77 1.06 Corporate and other 0.07 (0.02) Stock compensation (0.16) 0.05 Foreign currency (0.12) (0.07) Pensions 0.07 Gains on sales of capital assets in 2022 (0.02) Effective tax rate 0.01 (0.06) Interest income on Copeland note receivable 0.05 0.06 Other (0.01) Share repurchases 0.14 0.03 Adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations per share - current year 4.44 5.49 
 NET SALES 
 Net sales for 2024 were 17.5 billion, an increase of 2.3 billion, or 15 percent compared with 2023. Intelligent Devices sales increased 5 percent, while Software and Control sales increased 48 percent, which included the impact of the Test Measurement acquisition. Underlying sales were up 6 percent on 4 percent higher volume and 2 percent higher price. The Test Measurement acquisition added 9.5 percent and the divestiture of Metran deducted 0.5 percent. Underlying sales were up 2 percent in the U.S. and up 9 percent internationally. 
 
 Net sales for 2023 were 15.2 billion, an increase of 1.4 billion, or 10 percent compared with 2022 . Intelligent Devices sales increased 7 percent, while Software and Control sales increased 20 percent, which included the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. Underlying sales increased 10 percent on 6 percent higher volume and 4 percent higher price. Foreign currency translation subtracted 2 percent , the Heritage AspenTech acquisition added 3 percent and the divestiture of Metran deducted 1 percent . Underlying sales were up 11 percent in the U.S. and up 9 percent internationally. 
 
 INTERNATIONAL SALES 
 Emerson is a global business with international sales representing 60 percent of total sales in 2024, including U.S. exports . The Company generally expects faster economic growth in emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Middle East/Africa. 
 
 International destination sales, including U.S. exports, increased 18 percent, to 10.5 billion in 2024, reflecting the Company's overall increase in sales and the impact of the Test Measurement acquisition. U.S. expo rts of 1.3 billion were up 26 percent compared with 2023. Underlying international destination sales were up 9 percent and t he Test Measurement acquisition added 9 percent. Underlying sales increased 7 percent in Europe, 8 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China down 3 percent), 21 percent in Latin America and 5 percent in Canada. Origin sales by international subsidiaries, including shipments to the U.S., totaled 9.3 billion in 2024, up 20 percent compared with 2023. 
 
 International destination sales, including U.S. exports, increased 9 percent, to 8.9 billion in 2023, reflecting the Company's overall increase in sales and the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. U.S . exports of 1.0 billion were up 6 percent compared with 2022 . Underlying international destination sales were up 9 percent, as foreign currency translation had a 3 percent unfavorable impact on the comparison, the Heritage AspenTech acquisition added 3 percent and the divestiture of Metran deducted 1 percent. Underlying sales increased 10 percent in Europe, 9 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 4 percent), 14 percent in Latin Americ a and 1 percent in Canada. Origin sales by international subsidiaries, including shipments to the U.S., totaled 7.7 billion in 2023, up 5 percent compared with 2022. 
 
 22 

ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 
 Portfolio management is an integral component of Emerson's growth and value creation strategy. Over the past three years, the Company has taken significant actions to accelerate the transformation of its portfolio through the completion of strategic acquisitions and divestitures of non-core businesses. These actions were undertaken to create a cohesive, higher growth and higher margin industrial technology portfolio as a global automation leader serving a diversified set of end markets. The Company s recent portfolio actions include the following transactions: 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company announced a proposal to acquire all outstanding shares of common stock of AspenTech not already owned by Emerson for 240 per share in cash, which implies a fully diluted market capitalization for AspenTech of 15.3 billion and an enterprise value of 15.1 billion. The Company currently owns approximately 57 percent of AspenTech's outstanding shares of common stock. The proposal is not subject to any financing condition and would be financed from cash on hand, committed lines of credit and/or other available sources of financing. Also on November 5, 2024, the Company announced that it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a cash sale, for its Safety Productivity segment. No assurance can be given whether the proposal or the review will lead to one or more transactions or as to any of the terms or conditions of such transactions. See Item 1A - "Risk Factors" for additional information. 
 
 On October 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation ("NI") at an equity value of 8.2 billion. NI, which provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems that enable enterprises to bring products to market faster and at a lower cost, had revenues of approximately 1.7 billion and pretax earnings of approximately 170 for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In 2023, the Company acquired two businesses, Flexim, which is reported in the Measurement Analytical segment, and Afag, which is reported in the Discrete Automation segment, for 715, net of cash acquired. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Emerson completed the divestiture of Metran, its Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary. In 2023, the Company recognized a pretax loss of 47 in Other deductions 47 after-tax, in total 0.08 per share) related to its exit of business operations in Russia. The Company had previously announced its intention to exit business operations in 2022 and recognized a pretax loss of 181 190 after-tax, in total 0.32 per share). This charge included a loss of 36 in operations and 145 reported in Other deductions 10 of which is reported in restructuring costs) and was primarily non-cash. Emerson's historical net sales in Russia represented approximately 2.0 percent of consolidated annual sales. 
 
 On May 31, 2023, the Company completed the sale of a majority stake in its Climate Technologies business (which constitutes the former Climate Technologies segment, excluding Therm-O-Disc which was divested earlier in 2022) to private equity funds managed by Blackstone in a 14.0 billion transaction. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately 10.6 billion (approximately 8.4 billion after-tax including tax expense recognized in prior quarters related to subsidiary restructurings). The standalone business is named Copeland. 
 
 Subsequently, on June 6, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell its 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for 1.5 billion and its note receivable to Copeland for 1.9 billion and the transactions were completed in August 2024. See Notes 5 and 8 and the discussion below for further details. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for 3.0 billion, and the Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately 2.8 billion (approximately 2.1 billion after-tax) in 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company completed the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. The Company recognized a pretax gain of 486 429 after-tax) in 2022. 
 
 Climate Technologies (including equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland), Therm-O-Disc and InSinkErator are reported within discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, the Company completed the transactions contemplated by its definitive agreement with Aspen Technology, Inc. ("Heritage AspenTech") to contribute two of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business (collectively, the Emerson 
 23 

Industrial Software Business ), along with approximately 6.0 billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech" (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson owned 55 percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis). AspenTech and its subsidiaries now operate under Heritage AspenTech s previous name Aspen Technology, Inc. and AspenTech common stock is traded on NASDAQ under AspenTech s previous stock ticker symbol AZPN. Due to the timing of the acquisition, the results for the first half of fiscal 2022 do not include the results of Heritage AspenTech. 
 
 See Notes 4, 5 and 8 and Item 1A - "Risk Factors" for further information on acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 COST OF SALES 
 Cost of sales for 2024 were 8,607, an increase of 869 compared with 7,738 in 2023, reflecting the impact of higher volume and the Test Measurement acquisition. Gross profit was 8,885 in 2024 compared to 7,427 in 2023, while gross margin increased 1.8 percentage poi nts to 50.8 percent, reflecting the Test Measurement acquisition and higher price partially offset by the impact from acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization of 231, which negatively impacted margins by approximately 1.3 percentage points. 
 
 Cost of sales for 2023 were 7,738 , an increase of 240 compared with 7,498 in 2022. G ross profit was 7,427 in 2023 compared to 6,306 in 2022 , while gross margin increased 3.3 percentage points to 49.0 percent due to favorable price less net material inflation, the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition which benefited margins by 0.6 percentage points, and favorable mix. 
 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 SG A expenses of 5,142 in 2024 increased 956 compared with 2023 and SG A as a percent of sales increased 1.8 percentage points to 29.4 percent, reflecting the impact of the Test Measurement acquisition, partially offset by strong operating leverage on higher sales. 
 
 SG A expenses of 4,186 in 2023 increased 572 compared with 2022 and SG A as a percent of sales increased 1.4 percentage points to 27.6 percent, reflecting the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and higher stock compensation expense of 125, of which 75 related to Emerson stock plans due to a higher share price and 50 was attributable to AspenTech stock plans. These items were partially offset by strong operating leverage on higher sales. 
 
 SALE OF COPELAND NOTE RECEIVABLE AND EQUITY INTEREST 
 On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell its 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for 1.5 billion and its note receivable to Copeland for 1.9 billion, and the transactions were subsequently completed in August 2024. Upon entering into the note agreement, the Company recorded a pretax loss in continuing operations of 279 217 after-tax, 0.38 per share) to adjust the carrying value of the note to 1.9 billion to reflect the transaction price, while the Company recognized a gain of 539 435 after-tax) in discontinued operations upon the sale of the common equity interest. In addition, the equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, have been reclassified and are now reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 GAIN ON SUBORDINATED INTEREST 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company received a distribution of 438 related to its subordinated interest in Vertiv (in total, a pretax gain of 453 was recognized in the first quarter of 2022, 358 after-tax, 0.60 per share) and received the remaining 15 related to the pretax gain in the first quarter of 2023. In 2023, the Company received additional distributions totaling 161 122 after-tax, 0.21 per share) and in 2024, received its final distribution of 79 60 after-tax, 0.10 per share). 
 
 OTHER DEDUCTIONS, NET 
 Other deductions, net were 1,434 in 2024, an increase of 928 compared with 2023. The current year included intangibles amortization related to the Test Measurement acquisition of 560, while restructuring costs increased by 156 and acquisition/divestiture costs increased by 27. The Company also incurred divestiture losses of 48 50 after-tax, 0.09 per share). 
 
 Other deductions, net were 506 in 2023, a decrease of 13 compared with 2022 , and included higher intangibles amortization of 146 primarily related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency transactions of 112 reflecting losses in the current year compared to gains in the prior year. The prior year included a charge of 145 related to the Company exiting its business in Russia compared to a charge of 47 in 
 24 

2023. In 2023, the Company recognized a mark-to-market gain of 56 on its equity investment in NI, and a mark-to-market gain of 24 r elated to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange associated with the Micromine purchase price compared to a loss of 50 in 2022. On June 21, 2023, AspenTech terminated all outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. See Notes 6 and 7. 
 
 INTEREST EXPENSE, NET 
 Interest expense, net was 175 , 34 and 194 in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Results in 2023 included interest income on undeployed proceeds from the Copeland transaction of 141 108 after-tax, 0.19 per share). 
 
 Interest income from related party was 86 and 41 in 2024 and 2023, respectively and reflects n on-cash interest income on the Copeland note receivable, which was capitalized to the carrying value of the note through the date of the sale agreement. 
 
 EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 Pretax earnings from conti nuing operations of 2,020 decreased 883 in 2024, down 30 percent compared with 2023, which included the impact of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization, higher amortization due to the Test Measurement acquisition, and the loss on the Copeland note receivable discussed above. Earnings increased 191 in Intelligent Devices and decreased 140 in Software and Control. 
 
 Pretax earnings from continuing operations of 2,903 increased 471 in 2023, up 19 percent compared with 2022. Earnings increased 447 in Intelligent Devices and decreased 27 in Software and Contr ol. See the Business Segments discussion that follows and Note 20. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 In come taxes were 415, 642 and 549 for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 21 percent, 22 percent and 23 percent in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The current year rate included a 57 0.10 per share) benefit related to discrete tax items and a benefit related to the filing of the prior year U.S. tax return, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from inventory step-up amortization and the divestiture losses (see Note 4), which were non-deductible for tax purposes. In total, the net impact of these items benefited the rate by approximately 1 percentage point. See Note 16. 
 
 NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders in 2024 were 1,618, down 29 percent compared with 2023, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 2.82, down 29 percent compared with 3.96 in 2023, reflecting the impact of acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization, higher amortization due to the Test Measurement acquisition, and the loss on the Copeland note receivable discussed above. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 5.49 compared with 4.44 in the prior year. See the analysis of adjusted earnings per share in the Overview section for further detai ls. Earnings from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders in 2024 were 350 0.61 per share) and included the gain on the sale of the Company's 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland of 539 435 after-tax). Earnings from discontinued operations in 2023 were 10,933 18.92 per share), which included the 8.4 billion after-tax gain on the Copeland transaction and the 2.1 billion after-tax gain on the divestiture of InSinkErator. See Note 5. Net earni ngs attributable to common stockholders were 1,968 3.43 per share) compared with 13,219 22.88 per share) in 2023 . 
 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders in 2023 were 2,286 , up 21 percent compared with 2022 , and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 3.96, up 25 percent compared with 3.16 in 2022, reflecting strong operating results. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were 4.44 compared with 3.64 in the prior year. See the analysis of adjusted earnings per share in the Overview section for further details. Earnin gs from discontinued operations attributable to common stockholders in 2023 wer e 10,933 18.92 per share) compared to 1,345 2.25 per share) in 2022. See Note 5. Net earnings common stockholders w ere 13,219 22.88 per share) in 2022 compared with 3,231 5.41 per share) in 2022 . 
 
 25 

The table below, which shows results on an adjusted EBITA basis, is intended to supplement the Company's 
 discussion of its results of operations herein. 
 
 2022 2023 2024 23 vs. 22 24 vs. 23 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 2,432 2,903 2,020 19 (30) Percent of sales 17.6 19.1 11.5 1.5 pts (7.6) pts Interest expense, net 194 34 175 Interest income from related party (41) (86) Amortization of intangibles 430 678 1,274 Restructuring and related costs 105 92 244 Amortization of acquisition-related inventory step-up 231 Acquisition/divestiture and related costs 91 84 220 Loss on divestitures of businesses 48 Loss on Copeland note receivable 279 Gain on subordinated interest (453) (161) (79) National Instruments investment gain (56) Other investment-related gains (14) AspenTech Micromine purchase price hedge 50 (24) Russia business exit charge 181 47 Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 3,016 3,556 4,326 18 22 Percent of sales 21.8 23.4 24.7 1.6 pts 1.3 pts 

Business Segments 
 Following is an analysis of segment results for 2024 compared with 2023, and 2023 compared with 2022. The Company defines segment earnings as earnings before interest and income taxes. 
 26 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES 2023 2024 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Final Control 3,970 4,204 6 6 Measurement Analytical 3,595 4,061 13 1 14 Discrete Automation 2,635 2,506 (5) (5) Safety Productivity 1,388 1,390 Total 11,588 12,161 5 5 Earnings: Final Control 865 977 13 Measurement Analytical 936 1,056 13 Discrete Automation 509 466 (9) Safety Productivity 306 308 1 Total 2,616 2,807 7 Margin 22.6 23.1 0.5 pts Amortization of intangibles: Final Control 88 87 Measurement Analytical 27 55 Discrete Automation 29 34 Safety Productivity 26 26 Total 170 202 Restructuring and related costs: Final Control 28 17 Measurement Analytical 13 26 Discrete Automation 27 35 Safety Productivity 7 Total 68 85 Adjusted EBITA 2,854 3,094 8 Adjusted EBITA Margin 24.6 25.4 0.8 pts 
 
 2024 vs. 2023 - Intelligent Devices sales were 12.2 billion in 2024, an increase of 573, or 5 percent. Underlying sales increased 5 percent on 3 percent higher volume and 2 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 3 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 1 percent), increased 5 percent in Europe and increased 9 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China down 2 percent). Sales for Final Control increased 234, or 6 percent, reflecting strength in energy and power end markets. Sa les for Measurement Analytical increased 466, or 13 percent, reflecting robust growth in all geographies and strong backlog conversion. D iscrete Automation sales decreased 129, or 5 percent, reflecting softness in all geographies. Safety Productivity sales increased 2, essentially flat, reflecting moderate results across all geographies. Earnings for Intellig ent Devices were 2,807 , an increase of 191 , or 7 percent , and margin increased 0.5 percentage points to 23.1 percent, reflecting leverage on higher sales and favorable price less net material inflation, partially offset by increases in other costs. Adj usted EBITA margin was 25.4 percent , an increase of 0.8 percentage points. 
 
 27 

INTELLIGENT DEVICES 2022 2023 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Final Control 3,607 3,970 10 2 1 13 Measurement Analytical 3,215 3,595 12 2 2 16 Discrete Automation 2,612 2,635 1 2 3 Safety Productivity 1,402 1,388 (1) (1) Total 10,836 11,588 7 2 10 Earnings: Final Control 592 865 46 Measurement Analytical 785 936 19 Discrete Automation 542 509 (6) Safety Productivity 250 306 22 Total 2,169 2,616 21 Margin 20.0 22.6 2.6 pts Amortization of intangibles: Final Control 94 88 Measurement Analytical 21 27 Discrete Automation 30 29 Safety Productivity 26 26 Total 171 170 Restructuring and related costs: Final Control 75 28 Measurement Analytical 3 13 Discrete Automation 27 Safety Productivity 10 Total 88 68 Adjusted EBITA 2,428 2,854 18 Adjusted EBITA Margin 22.4 24.6 2.2 pts 
 
 2023 vs. 2022 - Intelligent Devices sales were 11.6 billion in 2023, an increase of 752, or 7 percent. Underlying sales increased 10 percent on 5 percent higher volume and 5 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 11 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 12 percent), increased 9 percent in Europe and increased 8 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 2 percent). Sales for Final Control increased 363, or 10 percent. Underlying sales increased 13 percent, reflecting strength in chemical and energy end markets and across all geographies, particularly in the U.S. Sales for Measurement Analytical increased 380, or 12 percent. Underlying sales increased 16 percent, reflecting robust growth in the Americas and Europe due to strong demand, while Asia, Middle East Africa was up moderately due to softness in China. Discrete Automation sales increased 23, or 1 percent, while underlying sales increased 3 percent, reflecting softening demand in the second half of the year, with all geographies up low-to-mid single digits for the full year. Safety Productivity sales decreased 14, or 1 percent, and underlying sales decreased 1 percent, reflecting softness in the Americas and Europe, while Asia, Middle East Africa was up slightly. Earnings for Intelligent Devices were 2,616, an increase of 447, or 21 percent, and margin increased 2.6 percentage points to 22.6 percent, reflecting favorable price less net material inflation, leverage on higher sales and favorable mix, partially offset by wage and other inflation. Adjusted EBITA margin was 24.6 percent, an increase of 2.2 percentage points. 
 28 

SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 2023 2024 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Control Systems Software 2,606 2,842 9 1 10 Test Measurement 1,464 AspenTech 1,042 1,093 5 5 Total 3,648 5,399 48 (40) 8 Earnings: Control Systems Software 529 645 22 Test Measurement (290) AspenTech (107) (73) 32 Total 422 282 (33) Margin 11.6 5.2 (6.4) pts Amortization of intangibles: Control Systems Software 22 26 Test Measurement 560 AspenTech 486 486 Total 508 1,072 Restructuring and related costs: Control Systems Software 9 15 Test Measurement 81 AspenTech 1 8 Total 10 104 Adjusted EBITA 940 1,458 55 Adjusted EBITA Margin 25.8 27.0 1.2 pts 
 2024 vs. 2023 - Software and Control sales were 5.4 billion in 2024, an increase of 1,751, or 48 percent compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of the Test Measurement acquisition. Underlying sales increased 8 percent on 5 percent higher volume and 3 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 8 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 7 percent), increased 9 percent in Europe and increased 8 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China down 5 percent). Sales for Control Systems Software increased 236, or 9 percent, reflecting strong international demand in process and hybrid end markets while power end markets were strong globally. Test Measurement sales were 1,464. Sales for AspenTech increased 51, or 5 percent, reflecting higher maintenance and services revenue. Earnings for Software and Control were 282, a decrease of 140, or 33 percent, and margin decreased 6.4 percentage points to 5.2 percent, reflecting the impact from 560 of incremental intangibles amortization related to the Test Measurement acquisition. Adjusted EBITA margin was 27.0 percent, an increase of 1.2 percentage points, reflecting leverage on higher sales and higher price, partially offset by the impact of the Test Measurement acquisition. 
 29 

SOFTWARE AND CONTROL 2022 2023 Change FX Acq/Div U/L Sales: Control Systems Software 2,398 2,606 9 1 1 11 Test Measurement AspenTech 656 1,042 59 (60) (1) Total 3,054 3,648 20 1 (11) 10 Earnings: Control Systems Software 437 529 21 Test Measurement AspenTech 12 (107) (967) Total 449 422 (6) Margin 14.7 11.6 (3.1) pts Amortization of intangibles: Control Systems Software 22 22 Test Measurement AspenTech 237 486 Total 259 508 Restructuring and related costs: Control Systems Software 11 9 Test Measurement AspenTech 1 Total 11 10 Adjusted EBITA 719 940 31 Adjusted EBITA Margin 23.5 25.8 2.3 pts 
 2023 vs. 2022 - Software and Control sales were 3.6 billion in 2023, an increase of 594, or 20 percent compared to 2022, reflecting the impact of the Heritage AspenTech acquisition and strong growth in Control Systems Software. Underlying sales increased 10 percent on 8 percent higher volume and 2 percent higher price. Underlying sales increased 7 percent in the Americas (U.S. up 6 percent), increased 11 percent in Europe and increased 13 percent in Asia, Middle East Africa (China up 16 percent). Sales for Control Systems Software increased 208, or 9 percent, and underlying sales increased 11 percent, reflecting global strength in process end markets while power end markets were up modestly. Sales for AspenTech increased 386, or 59 percent, due to the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech. Earnings for Software and Control were 422, a decrease of 27, or 6 percent, and margin decreased 3.1 percentage points to 11.6 percent, reflecting the impact from 249 of incremental intangibles amortization related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. Adjusted EBITA margin was 25.8 percent, an increase of 2.3 percentage points, reflecting leverage on higher sales, higher price and favorable mix, partially offset by inflation and unfavorable foreign currency transactions. 

Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Emerson maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve our strategic objectives and efficiently deploy cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions and sustain long-term growth. Emerson is in a strong financial position, with total assets of 44 billion and stockholders' equity of 22 billion, and has the resources available for reinvestment in existing businesses, strategic acquisitions and managing its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. 
 
 The Company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, including over 3.3 billion from continuing operations in 2024. Cash flows have been and are expected to be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet 
 30 

the Company s operating requirements, including those related to salaries and wages, working capital, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements associated with operations. Th e Company also has certain contractual obligations, primarily long-term debt and operating leases (see Notes 9, 12 and 13). The Company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its 3.5 billion revolving backup credit facility under which it has not incurred any borrowings. 
 CASH FLOW 2022 2023 2024 Operating Cash Flow 2,048 2,710 3,317 Percent of sales 14.8 17.9 19.0 Capital Expenditures 299 363 419 Percent of sales 2.2 2.4 2.4 Free Cash Flow (Operating Cash Flow less Capital Expenditures) 
 1,749 2,347 2,898 Percent of sales 12.7 15.5 16.6 Operating Working Capital 990 1,283 1,394 Percent of sales 7.2 8.5 8.0 
 
 Operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2024 was 3.3 billion, an increase of 607, or 22 percent compared with 2023, reflecting higher earnings (excluding the impact of non-cash items related to the NI acquisition and the loss on the Copeland note receivable). Acquisition-related costs and integration activities negatively impacted operating cash flow in the current year by approximately 235. AspenTech generated operating cash flow of approximately 320 compared to approximately 310 in the prior year. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for 2023 was 2.7 billion, an increase of 32 percent compared to 2.0 billion in 2022, reflecting higher earnings (excluding the impacts in both years from the Vertiv subordinated interest gains and higher Heritage AspenTech intangibles amortization in 2023). 
 
 At September 30, 2024, operating working capital as a percent of sales was 8.0 percent compared with 8.5 percent in 2023 and 7.2 percent in 2022. Total operating working capital increased in 2024 due to the NI acquisition, but improved as a percent of sales compared to 2023 due improvements in inventory levels. Operating working capital was elevated in 2023 due to higher inventory levels to support sales growth and higher receivables. 
 
 Free cash flow from continuing operations (operating cash flow less capital expenditures) was 2,898 in 2024, up 23 percent, reflecting the increase in operating cash flow. Free cash flow from continuing operations was 2,347 in 2023, compared with 1,749 in 2022. Net cash paid in connection with acquisitions was 8,342, 705 and 5,702 in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Total cash provided by operating activities including the impact of discontinued operations was 3,332, 637 and 2,922 in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in 2023 was due to approximately 2.3 billion of income taxes paid related to the gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. Investing cash flow from discontinued operations was 3.4 billion in 2024, reflecting the proceeds of approximately 1.5 billion related to the sale of the Company's 40 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland and 1.9 billion related to the sale of the note receivable, while 2023 was 12.5 billion, reflecting the proceeds from the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and among other things, provides tax relief to businesses. Tax provisions of the CARES Act included the deferral of certain payroll taxes, relief for retaining employees, and other provisions. The Company deferred 73 of certain payroll taxes through the end of calendar year 2020, of which approximately 37 was paid in December 2021 and the remainder paid in December 2022. 
 
 Dividends were 1,201 2.10 per share) in 2024, compared with 1,198 2.08 per share) in 2023 and 1,223 2.06 per share) in 2022. In November 2024, the Board of Directors voted to increase the quarterly cash dividend to an annualized rate of 2.11 per share. 
 
 31 

Purchases of Emerson common stock totaled 435, 2,000 and 500 in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, at average per share prices of 99.04, 94.09 and 87.64. AspenTech repurchases were 208 in 2024 and 214 in 2023, and the Company's current common ownership percentage is approximately 57 percent. In November 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to 70 million shares, and during 2022, the remaining shares available under this authorization were purchased. In March 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of an additional 60 million shares and a total of approximately 28.9 million shares remain available. The Company purchased 4.4 million shares in 2024, 21.3 million shares in 2023 and 5.7 million shares in 2022 under the authorizations. 
 LEVERAGE/CAPITALIZATION 2022 2023 2024 Total Assets 35,672 42,746 44,246 Long-term Debt 8,259 7,610 7,155 Common Stockholders' Equity 10,364 20,689 21,636 Total Debt-to-Total Capital Ratio 50.0 28.3 26.2 Net Debt-to-Net Capital Ratio 45.3 0.5 15.9 Operating Cash Flow-to-Debt Ratio 19.7 33.2 43.2 Interest Coverage Ratio 11.7X 12.1X 7.2X 
 
 Total debt, which includes long-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings, was 7,687, 8,157 and 10,374 as of September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in 2024 reflected the repayment of 500 of 0.375 euro notes that matured in May 2024. The decrease in 2023 included a net reduction in short-term borrowings of approximately 1.6 billion and repayments of long-term debt of 741 (including 264 related to AspenTech's repayment of the outstanding balance on its existing term loan facility plus accrued interest). Activity in 2022 included the issuance of 3 billion of long-term debt and increased commercial paper borrowings of approximately 1.3 billion. The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the notes and the increased commercial paper borrowings to fund the majority of its contribution of approximately 6.0 billion to existing stockholders of Heritage AspenTech as part of the transaction. Long-term debt was issued in December 2021 as follows: 1 billion of 2.0 notes due December 2028, 1 billion of 2.2 notes due December 2031, and 1 billion of 2.8 notes due December 2051. Additionally, the Company repaid 500 of 2.625 notes that matured in 2022. See Note 4 and Note 13. 
 
 The total debt-to-total capital ratio decreased slightly in 2024, reflecting repayments of long-term debt, while the net debt-to-net capital ratio increased reflecting the use of cash held on the balance sheet at September 30, 2023 that was used to complete the NI acquisition. These ratios decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to the proceeds and after-tax gains (which increased common stockholder's equity) on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture. The interest coverage ratio is computed as earnings before income taxes plus interest expense, divided by interest expense. The decrease in 2024 reflects lower GAAP pretax earnings largely due to the NI acquisition. Excluding the impact from acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization of 231, higher intangibles amortization of 595, acquisition/divestiture fees and related costs of 220, higher restructuring and related costs of 152, the loss of 279 on the Copeland note receivable and the gain on the subordinated interest of 79, the interest coverage ratio was 11.6X. The Company's earnings increased in 2023 which offset higher interest expense due to the increased long-term debt and commercial paper borrowings to fund the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a 3.5 billion five-year revolving backup credit facility with various banks, which replaced the May 2018 3.5 billion facility. The credit facility is maintained to support general corporate purposes, including commercial paper borrowings. The Company has not incurred any borrowings under this or previous facilities. The credit facility contains no financial covenants and is not subject to termination based on a change of credit rating or material adverse changes. The facility is unsecured and may be accessed under various interest rate alternatives at the Company s option. Fees to maintain the facility are immaterial. The Company also maintains a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which it can issue debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, share purchase contracts or share purchase units without a predetermined limit. Securities can be sold in one or more separate offerings with the size, price and terms to be determined at the time of sale. 
 32 

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates due to its worldwide presence and diverse business pr ofile and selectively uses derivative financial instruments, including forwards, swaps and purchased options to manage these risks. The Company does not hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The value of derivatives and other financial instruments is subject to change as a result of market movements in rates and prices. Sensitivity analysis is one technique used to fo recast the impact of these movements. Based on a hypothetical 10 percent increase in interest rates or a 10 percent weakening in the U.S. dollar across all currencies, the potential losses in future earnings, fair value or cash flows are not material. Sensitivity analysis has limitations; for example, a weaker U.S. dollar would benefit future earnings through favorable translation of non-U.S. operating results. See Notes 1, and 11 through 13. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 Preparation of the Company's financial statements requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates regarding uncertainties that could affect reported revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities and equity. Note 1 describes the significant accounting policies used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The most significant areas where management judgments and estimates impact the primary financial statements are described below. Actual results in these areas could differ materially from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 The Company evaluates its contracts with customers to identify the promised goods or services and recognizes revenue for the identified performance obligations at the amount the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied and control has transferred to the customer, typically when products are shipped or delivered, title and risk of loss pass to the customer, and the Company has a present right to payment. The majority of the Company's revenues relate to a broad offering of manufactured products and software which are recognized at the point in time when control transfers, generally in accordance with shipping terms, or the first day of the contractual term for software. A portion of the Company's revenues relate to the sale of post-contract customer support, parts and labor for repairs, and engineering services. 
 
 In some circumstances, contracts include multiple performance obligations, where revenue is recognized separately for each good or service, as well as contracts where revenue is recognized over time as control transfers to the customer. Tangible products represent a large majority of the delivered items in contracts with multiple performance obligations or where revenue is recognized over time, while a smaller portion is attributable to installation, service and maintenance. In sales arrangements that involve multiple performance obligations, revenue is allocated based on the relative standalone selling price for each performance obligation. Observable selling prices from actual transactions are used whenever possible. In other instances, the Company determines the standalone selling price based on thi rd-party pricing or management's best estimate. For projects where revenue is recognized over time, the Company typically uses an input method to determine progress and recognize revenue, based on costs incurred. The Company believes costs incurred closely correspond with its performance under the contract and the transfer of control to the customer. The Company also has software maintenance contracts where revenue is recognized ratably over the maintenance term. 
 
 VALUATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 Assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, including intangible assets, are accounted for using the acquisition method and recorded at their respective fair values. In 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation and in 2022 completed the acquisition of Aspen Technology, Inc. and engaged independent third-party valuation specialists to assist in the determination of the fair value of intangible assets. This included the use of certain assumptions and estimates, including projected revenue for customer relationship and developed technology intangible assets, the attrition rate for customer relationship intangible assets, and the obsolescence rate for developed technology intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates to be reasonable and appropriate, they require judgement and are based on experience and historical information obtained from National Instruments Corporation and Aspen Technology, Inc. 
 
 LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
 Long-lived assets, which include property, plant and equipment, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate impairment may exist. If 
 33 

the Company determines that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable, a permanent impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its estimated fair value. Reporting units are also reviewed for possible goodwill impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter. If an initial assessment indicates it is more likely than not an impairment may exist, it is evaluated by comparing the reporting unit's estimated fair value to its carrying value. Fair value is generally estimated using an income approach that discounts estimated future cash flows using discount rates judged by management to be commensurate with the applicable risk. Estimates of future sales, operating results, cash flows and discount rates are subject to changes in the economic environment, including such factors as the general level of market interest rates, expected equity market returns and the volatility of markets served, particularly when recessionary economic circumstances continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 RETIREMENT PLANS 
 The Company maintains a prudent long-term investment strategy consistent with the duration of pension obligations. The determination of defined benefit plan expense and liabilities is dependent on various assumptions, including the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate and the rate of annual compensation increases. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, actual results that differ from the Compa ny's assumptions are accumulated as deferred actuarial gains or losses and amortized to expense in future periods. The Company's principal U.S. defined benefit plan is closed to employees hired after January 1, 2016 while shorter-tenured employees ceased accruing benefits effective October 1, 2016. Effective January 1, 2025, the Company is implementing a new profit sharing retirement program for all U.S. non-union employees. Eligible employees will receive a base contribution to a cash balance account administered within the principal U.S. defined benefit plan, to be funded by surplus pension assets, as well as a potential profit sharing contribution to their defined contribution account. After December 31, 2024, future service for employees that had continued to accrue benefits in the principal U.S. defined benefit plan will be frozen. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the U.S. pension plans were overfunded by 800 in total (approximately 22 percent in excess of the projected benefit obligation), including unfunded plans totaling 161. The non-U.S. plans were underfunded by 38, including unfunded plans totaling 230. The Company contributed a total of 38 to defined benefit plans in 2024 and expects to contribute approximately 40 in 2025. At year-end 2024, the discount rate for U.S. plans was 4.97 percent, and was 6.03 percent in 2023. The assumed investment return on plan assets was 6.50 percent in 2024, 6.00 percent in 2023 and 6.00 percent in 2022, and will be 6.50 percent for 2025. While management believes its assumptions used are appropriate, actual experience may differ. A 0.25 percentage point decrease in the U.S. and non-U.S. discount rates would have increased the total projected benefit obligation at September 30, 2024 by 100 and increased 2025 pension expense by 15. A 0.25 percentage point decrease in the expected return on plan assets would increase 2025 pension expense by 15. See Note 1 4. 
 
 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
 The Company is a party to a number of pending legal proceedings and claims, including those involving general and product liability (including asbestos) and other matters, several of which claim substantial amounts of damages. The Company accrues for such liabilities when it is probable that future costs (including legal fees and expenses) will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. Accruals are based on developments to date; management's estimates of the outcomes of these matters; and the Company's experience in contesting, litigating and settling similar matters. T he Company engages an outside expert to develop an actuarial estimate of its expected costs to resolve all pending and future asbestos claims, including defense costs, as well as its related insurance receivables. The reserve for asbestos litigation, which is recorded on an undiscounted basis, is based on projected claims through 2065. 
 
 Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company historically has been largely successful in defending itself against claims and suits that have been brought against it, and will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters. While the Company believes a material adverse impact is unlikely, given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, a remote possibility exists that a future development could have a material adverse impact on the Company. See Note 15. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 Income tax expense and tax assets and liabilities reflect management's assessment of taxes paid or expected to be paid (received) on items included in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and consideration of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income taxes are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be 
 34 

recovered or settled. The impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. This requires management to make judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, and the impact of tax planning strategies. 
 
 Uncertainty exists regarding tax positions taken in previously filed tax returns which remain subject to examination, along with positions expected to be taken in future returns. The Company provides for unrecognized tax benefits, based on the technical merits, when it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. Adjustments are made to the uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit; changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance; or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. 
 
 Cash repatriated to the U.S. is generally not subject to U.S. federal income taxes. No provision is made for withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries where these earnings are considered indefinitely invested or otherwise retained for continuing international operations. Determination of the amount of taxes that might be paid on these undistributed earnings if eventually remitted is not practicable. See Notes 1 and 16. 
 
 Other Items 
 
 LEGAL MATTERS 
 At September 30, 2024, there were no known contingent liabilities (including guarantees, pending litigation, taxes and other claims) that management believes will be material in relation to the Company's financial statements, nor were there any material commit ments outside the normal course of business. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 In 2024, the Company adopted ASU No. 2022-04 (Subtopic 405-50), Liabilities - Supplier Finance Programs, which requires disclosures about the use of supplier finance programs. This standard has no impact on the accounting for supplier finance programs and did not materially impact the Company's disclosures. 
 
 In 2023, the Company adopted ASU No. 2021-10 (Topic 832), Government Assistance, which requires annual disclosures about certain types of government assistance received. This standard has no impact on the accounting for government assistance and did not materially impact the Company's disclosures. 
 
 In 2022, the Company adopted three accounting standard updates, each of which had an immaterial or no impact on the Company's financial statements. These included: 
 
 Updates to Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805, Business Combinations , which clarify the accounting for contract assets and liabilities assumed in a business combination. In general, this will result in contract liabilities being recognized at their historical amounts under ASC 606, rather than at fair value in accordance with the general requirements of ASC 805. 
 
 Updates to ASC 740, Income Taxes , which require the recognition of a franchise tax that is partially based on income as an income-based tax with any incremental amount as a non-income based tax. These updates also make certain changes to intra-period tax allocation principles and interim tax calculations. 
 
 Updates to ASC 321, Equity Securities , ASC 323 Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , which clarify how to account for the transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when evaluating observable transactions. 

35 

FISCAL 2025 OUTLOOK 
 For fiscal year 2025, consolidated net sales from continuing operations are expected to be up 3.5 to 5.5 percent, with underlying sales up 3 to 5 percent, excluding a 0.5 percent favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Earnings per share are expected to be 4.42 to 4.62, while adjusted earnings per share are expected to be 5.85 to 6.05 (see the following reconciliation). 
 Outlook for Fiscal 2025 Earnings Per Share 2025 Diluted earnings per share 4.42 - 4.62 Amortization of intangibles ~ 1.23 Restructuring and related costs ~ 0.16 Acquisition/divestiture fees and related costs ~ 0.04 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 5.85 - 6.05 
 Operating cash flow is expected to be 3.6 to 3.7 billion and free cash flow, which excludes projected capital spending of approximately 0.4 billion, is expected to be 3.2 to 3.3 billion. The fiscal 2025 outlook assumes approximately 2.0 billion returned to shareholders through share repurchases (including approximately 1.0 billion expected to be completed in the first fiscal quarter) and approximately 1.2 billion of dividend payments. 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The information from this Annual Report on Form 10-K set forth in Item 7 under "Financial Instruments" is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See the Company's consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the report thereon of KPMG LLP (PCAOB ID that follow. 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2023 2024 Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Gain on subordinated interest ) ) ) Loss on Copeland note receivable Other deductions, net Interest expense, net of interest income of: 2022, ; 
 2023, ; 2024, 
 Interest income from related party ) ) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes Income taxes Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 Net earnings Less: Noncontrolling interests in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Net earnings common stockholders Earnings common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Net earnings common stockholders Basic earnings per share common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share common stockholders: Earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average outstanding shares: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 2023 2024 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation ) Pension and postretirement ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Less: Noncontrolling interests in comprehensive income of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income common stockholders 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Years ended September 30 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 2023 2024 ASSETS Current assets Cash and equivalents Receivables, less allowances of in 2023 and in 2024 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Copeland note receivable and equity investment held-for-sale Other Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Equity Common stock, par value; authorized, shares; issued, shares; outstanding, shares in 2023; shares in 2024 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Cost of common stock in treasury, shares in 2023; shares in 2024 
 ) ) Common stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2023 2024 Common stock Additional paid-in-capital Beginning balance Stock plans AspenTech purchases of common stock ) ) AspenTech acquisition ) Ending balance Retained earnings Beginning balance Net earnings common stockholders Dividends paid (per share: 2022, ; 2023, ; 2024, 
 ) ) ) Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Pension and postretirement ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Treasury stock Beginning balance ) ) ) Purchases ) ) ) Issued under Emerson stock plans Ending balance ) ) ) Common stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Beginning balance Net earnings ) ) ) Stock plans AspenTech purchases of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Dividends paid ) ) ) AspenTech acquisition Purchase of noncontrolling interests Climate Technologies divestiture ) Ending balance Total equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Years ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 2023 2024 Operating activities Net earnings Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock compensation Amortization of acquisition-related inventory step-up Pension expense (income) ) ) Pension funding ) ) ) Gain on subordinated interest ) ) ) Loss on Copeland note receivable Changes in operating working capital ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Cash from continuing operations Cash from discontinued operations ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of businesses, net of cash and equivalents acquired ) ) ) Divestitures of businesses Proceeds from subordinated interest Proceeds from related party note receivable Other, net ) ) ) Cash from continuing operations ) ) ) Cash from discontinued operations Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings greater than three months Payments of short-term borrowings greater than three months ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) ) AspenTech purchases of common stock ) ) Payment of related party note payable ) Other, net ) ) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) Increase (Decrease) in cash and equivalents ) ) Beginning cash and equivalents Ending cash and equivalents Changes in operating working capital Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) Total changes in operating working capital ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Years ended September 30 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts or where noted) 

(1) 
 
 percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for billion and its note receivable to Copeland for billion, and the transactions were subsequently completed in August 2024. As a result of these transactions, the equity interest and note receivable are reported as held-for-sale in the prior year, the equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, have been reclassified and are now reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented, and cash flows related to U.S. tax distributions have been reclassified to operating cash flows from discontinued operations (see Notes 5 and 8). 
 
 In 2024, the Company adopted ASU No. 2022-04 (Subtopic 405-50), Liabilities - Supplier Finance Programs, which requires disclosures about the use of supplier finance programs. This standard has no impact on the accounting for supplier finance programs and did not materially impact the Company's disclosures. 
 
 In 2023, the Company adopted ASU No. 2021-10 (Topic 832), Government Assistance, which requires annual disclosures about certain types of government assistance received. This standard has no impact on the accounting for government assistance and did not materially impact the Company's disclosures. 
 
 In 2022, the Company adopted three accounting standard updates, each of which had an immaterial or no impact on the Company's financial statements. These included: 
 
 Updates to Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805, Business Combinations , which clarify the accounting for contract assets and liabilities assumed in a business combination. In general, this will result in contract liabilities being recognized at their historical amounts under ASC 606, rather than at fair value in accordance with the general requirements of ASC 805. 
 
 Updates to ASC 740, Income Taxes , which require the recognition of a franchise tax that is partially based on income as an income-based tax with any incremental amount as a non-income based tax. These updates also make certain changes to intra-period tax allocation principles and interim tax calculations. 
 
 Updates to ASC 321, Equity Securities , ASC 323 Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , which clarify how to account for the transition into and out of the equity method of accounting when evaluating observable transactions. 

42 

Raw materials and work in process Total inventories 

to years for buildings and to years for machinery and equipment. Long-lived tangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized based on estimated fair values if the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the related assets is less than the carrying values. 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 43 

See Note 10. 

from the date of sale or installation. Provisions for warranty expense are estimated at the time of sale based on historical experience and adjusted quarterly for any known issues that may arise. Product warranty expense is less than one-half of one percent of sales. 
 
 percent of the Company's revenues. These revenues primarily relate to projects in the Control Systems Software segment where revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method to reflect the transfer of control over time, and software maintenance contracts in the Software and Control business group where revenue is typically recognized on a straight-line basis. Approximately percent of revenues relate to sales arrangements with multiple performance obligations, principally in the Software and Control business group. T angible products represent a large majority of the delivered 
 44 

See Notes 2 and 20 for additional information about the Company's revenues. 
 
 or less, except for the Company's net investment hedges. 
 
 All derivatives are accounted for under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and recognized at fair value. For derivatives hedging variability in future cash flows, any gain or loss is deferred in stockholders' equity and recognized when the underlying hedged transaction impacts earnings. The majority of the Company's derivatives that are designated as hedges and qualify for hedge accounting are cash flow hedges. For derivatives hedging the fair value of existing assets or liabilities, both the gain or loss on the derivative and the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item are recognized in earnings each period. Currency fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar obligations that have been designated as hedges of net investments in foreign operations are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to income in the same period when a foreign operation is sold or substantially liquidated and the gain or loss related to the sale is included in income. To the extent that any hedge is not fully effective at offsetting changes in the underlying hedged item, there could be a net earnings impact. 
 The Company also uses derivatives to he dge economic exposures that do not receive hedge accounting under ASC 815. The underlying exposures for these hedges relate primarily to the revaluation of certain foreign-currency-denominated assets and liabilities. In addition, in 2022 AspenTech entered into foreign currency forward contracts to 
 45 

collateral was posted with counterparties and was held by the Company at year end. Risk from credit loss when derivatives are in asset positions is not considered material. The Company has master netting arrangements in place with its counterparties that allow the offsetting of certain derivative-related amounts receivable and payable when settlement occurs in the same period. Accordingly, counterparty balances are netted in the consolidated balance sheet and are reported in other current assets or accrued expenses as appropriate, depending on positions with counterparties as of the balance sheet date. See Note 11. 
 billion o See Note 16. 

(2) 
 Customer advances (contract liabilities) ) ) Net contract assets 
 The majority of the Company's contract balances relate to (1) arrangements where revenue is recognized over time and payments from customers are made according to a contractual billing schedule, and (2) revenue from term software lice nse arrangements sold by AspenTech where the license revenue is recognized upfront upon delivery. The decrease in net contract assets was primarily due to the acquisition of National Instruments, which increased contract liabilities by approximately , while customer billings slightly exceeded revenue recognized for performance completed during the period. Revenue recognized for 2024 included approximately that was included in the beginning contract liability balanc e. Other factors that impacted the change in net contract liabilities were immaterial. 
 Revenue recognized for 2024 for performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods, including cumulative catchup adjustments on the Company's long-term contracts, was not material. Capitalized amounts related to incremental costs to obtain customer contracts and costs to fulfill contracts are immaterial. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's backlog relating to unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations in contracts with its customers was approximately billion (of which approximately billion was attributable to AspenTech and approximately was attributable to National Instruments). The Company expects 
 46 

percent of its remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next months, with the remainder substantially over the subsequent thereafter. 
 See Note 20 for additional information about the Company's revenues. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Dilutive shares Diluted shares outstanding 

(4) 
 
 billion and pretax earnings of approximately for the 12 months ended September 30, 2023. NI is now referred to as Test Measurement and reported as a new segment in the Software and Control business group, see Note 20. 
 
 Payoff of NI debt at closing Total consideration paid in cash at closing Fair value of NI shares already owned by Emerson prior to acquisition Value of stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination service Total purchase consideration 

47 

Receivables Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill expected to be tax-deductible) 
 Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred taxes and other liabilities Total purchase consideration 

Customer relationships Trade names Backlog Total 
 
 Results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 attributable to the NI acquisition include sales of and a net loss of . The net loss included the impact of inventory step-up amortization, intangibles amortization, retention bonuses, stock compensation expense and restructuring. 
 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The following unaudited proforma consolidated condensed financial results of operations are presented as if the acquisition of NI occurred on October 1, 2022. 
 Net earnings from continuing operations common stockholders Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 
 
 Pro forma Net sales for the year ended September 30, 2023 include attributable to NI. 
 
 The pro forma results for the year ended September 30, 2023 include transaction costs of which were assumed to be incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. These transaction costs include incurred by NI prior to the completion of the transaction and incurred by Emerson in periods subsequent to the first quarter of fiscal 2023. The pro forma results for the year ended September 30, 2023 also include of ongoing intangibles amortization, backlog amortization of , inventory step-up amortization of , and retention bonuses of , and exclude the mark-to-market gain of recognized on the equity investment in National Instruments Corporation (see Note 6). 
 48 

of Emerson's stand-alone industrial software businesses, Open Systems International, Inc. and the Geological Simulation Software business collectively, the Emerson Industrial Software Business , along with approximately billion in cash to Heritage AspenTech stockholders, to create "New AspenTech", a diversified, high-performance industrial software leader with greater scale, capabilities and technologies (defined as "AspenTech" herein). Upon closing of the transaction, Emerson beneficially owned percent of the outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock (on a fully diluted basis) and former Heritage AspenTech stockholders owned the remaining outstanding shares of AspenTech common stock. AspenTech and its subsidiaries now operate under Heritage AspenTech s previous name Aspen Technology, Inc. and AspenTech common stock is traded on NASDAQ under AspenTech s previous stock ticker symbol AZPN. 
 
 The business combination has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting with Emerson considered the accounting acquirer of Heritage AspenTech. The net assets of Heritage AspenTech were recorded at their estimated fair value and the Emerson Industrial Software Business continues at its historical basis. The Company recorded a noncontrolling interest of billion for the percent ownership interest of former Heritage AspenTech stockholders in AspenTech. The noncontrolling interest associated with the Heritage AspenTech acquired net assets was recorded at fair value determined using the closing market price per share of Heritage AspenTech as of May 16, 2022, while the portion attributable to the Emerson Industrial Software business was recorded at its historical carrying amount. The impact of recognizing the noncontrolling interest in the Emerson Industrial Software Business resulted in a decrease to additional paid-in-capital of . 
 
 Heritage AspenTech share price Purchase price Value of stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination service Total purchase consideration 
 
 Receivables Other current assets Property, plant equipment Goodwill expected to be tax-deductible) 
 Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued expenses Long-term debt Deferred taxes and other liabilities Total purchase consideration 
 
 49 

billion was paid out at approximately per share (on a fully diluted basis) to holders of issued and outstanding shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock as of the closing of the transactions, with of cash remaining on AspenTech's balance sheet as of the closing which is not included in the allocation of purchase consideration above. 
 
 Customer relationships Trade names Indefinite-lived Backlog Total 
 
 Results of operations for 2023 attributable to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition include sales of compared to for 2022, while the impact to GAAP net earnings was not material in both years. 
 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The following unaudited proforma consolidated condensed financial results of operations are presented as if the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech occurred on Oct ober 1, 2020. 
 Net earnings from continuing operations common stockholders Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 
 
 The pro forma results for 2022 exclude of transaction costs which were included in the Company's reported results for 2022, but were assumed to be incurred in the first quarter of 2021. The pro forma results for 2022 include additional interest expense of related to the issuance of billion of term debt and increased commercial paper borrowings to fund the acquisition, which assumes such borrowings were outstanding for the entire year. 
 
 Other Transactions 
 
 In 2024, the Company divested small businesses, both in the Final Control segment, and recognized a pretax loss of in total after-tax, per share). 
 
 In 2023, the Company acquired businesses, Flexim, which is reported in the Measurement Analytical segment, and Afag, which is reported in the Discrete Automation segment, for , net of cash acquired. The Company recognized goodwill of of which is expected to be tax deductible) and other identifiable intangible assets of , primarily customer relationships and intellectual property with a weighted-average useful life of approximately years. 
 
 On July 27, 2022, AspenTech entered into an agreement to acquire Micromine, a global leader in design and operational solutions for the mining industry, for AU (approximately USD based on exchange rates when the transaction was announced). On August 1, 2023, AspenTech announced the termination of the agreement to purchase Micromine. AspenTech, along with the sellers of Micromine, had been waiting to secure a final Russian regulatory approval as a condition to the closing of the transaction. As this process continued, the timing and requirements necessary to get this approval became increasingly unclear. This lack of clarity on the potential for, and timing of, a successful review led AspenTech and the sellers of Micromine to this mutual course of action. AspenTech did not pay any termination fee as part of this arrangement. 
 
 On March 31, 2023, Emerson completed the divestiture of Metran, its Russia-based manufacturing subsidiary. In 2023, the Company recognized a pretax loss of in Other deductions after-tax, in total per share) 
 50 

after-tax, in total per share). This charge included a loss of in operations and reported in Other deductions of which is reported in restructuring costs) and was primarily non-cash. Emerson's historical net sales in Russia represented approximately percent of consolidated annual sales. 
 
 In 2022, the Company acquired other businesses, in the Control Systems Software segment and in the AspenTech segment, for , net of cash acquired. The businesses had combined annual sales of approximately . 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company received a distribution of related to its subordinated interest in Vertiv (in total, a pretax gain of was recognized in the first quarter of 2022, after-tax, per share) and received the remaining related to the pretax gain in the first quarter of 2023. In 2023, the Company received additional distributions totaling after-tax, per share) and in 2024, received its final distribution of after-tax, per share). 

(5) 
 
 billion transaction. Emerson received upfront, pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately billion and a note receivable with a face value of billion (which accrues percent interest payable in kind by capitalizing interest), while retaining a percent non-controlling common equity interest in a new standalone joint venture between Emerson and Blackstone. The Climate Technologies business, which includes the Copeland compressor business and the entire portfolio of products and services across all residential and commercial HVAC and refrigeration end-markets, had 2022 net sales of approximately billion and pretax earnings of billion. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately billion (approximately billion after-tax including tax expense recognized in prior quarters related to subsidiary restructurings). The new standalone business is named Copeland. 
 
 On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for billion. The transaction closed on August 13, 2024 and the Company recognized a gain of after-tax) in discontinued operations. In addition, the equity method losses related to the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, have been reclassified and are now reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented and are included within Climate Technologies in Other deductions, net in the table below. See Note 8 for further details. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, the Company completed the divestiture of its InSinkErator business, which manufactures food waste disposers, to Whirlpool Corporation for billion. This business had net sales of and pretax earnings of in 2022. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately billion (approximately billion after-tax) in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 On May 31, 2022 the Company com pleted the divestiture of its Therm-O-Disc sensing and protection technologies business to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC. The Company recognized a pretax gain of after-tax) in the third quarter of 2022. 

51 

Cost of sales SG A Gain on sale of business ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other deductions, net Earnings before income taxes 
 Income taxes Earnings, net of tax 
 
 Climate Technologies' results for 2024 included a gain on the sale of the Company's percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland of after-tax), while 2023 include lower expense of due to ceasing depreciation and amortization upon the held-for-sale classification and of transaction-related costs reported in Other deductions, net. Equity method losses related to the Company's percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland were and for 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income taxes for 2023 included approximately billion for the gain on the Copeland transaction and subsidiary restructurings, and approximately related to the gain on the InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 ) ) ) ) Cash from investing activities ) 
 
 Cash from operating activities for 2023 reflects approximately billion of income taxes paid related to the gains on the Copeland transaction and InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. Cash from investing activities for 2024 reflects the proceeds of approximately billion related to the sale of the Company's percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland and billion related to the sale of the note receivable, while 2023 reflects the proceeds of approximately billion related to the Copeland transaction and approximately billion related to the InSinkErator divestiture. 
 
 52 

(6) 
 Restructuring costs Acquisition/divestiture costs Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses Investment-related gains gains from sales of capital assets ) ) Russia business exit Other ) ) ) Total 
 
 Intangibles amortization for 2024 included related to the NI acquisition, while 2023 included related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition compared to in 2022. Foreign currency transaction losses included a mark-to-market gain of in 2023 related to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange associated with the Micromine purchase price compared to a mark-to-market loss of in 2022. On June 21, 2023, AspenTech terminated all outstanding foreign currency forward contracts. The Company recognized a mark-to-market gain of in 2023 related to its equity investment in National Instruments Corporation (see Note 11 for further information). In 2024, Other includes a loss of related to the divestiture of small businesses (see Note 4). Other is also composed of several other items, including pension expense, litigation costs, provision for bad debt and other items, none of which is individually significant. 

(7) 
 , and for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company expects fiscal year 2025 restructuring and related costs to be approximately . 
 Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software Test Measurement AspenTech Software and Control Corporate Total 
 
 53 

, and positions and the exit of , and production facilities and sales offices worldwide, respectively. Corporate restructuring for 2024 includes of integration-related stock compensation expense attributable to NI. 
 
 Other Total 
 
 2022 Expense Utilized/Paid 2023 Severance and benefits Other Total 
 
 The tables above do not include , and of costs related to restructuring actions incurred in 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively, that are required to be reported in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

(8) 
 
 billion and a note receivable with a face value of billion, while retaining a percent non-controlling common equity intere st in Copeland. As a result of the transaction, the Company deconsolidated Copeland from its financial statements, as it no longer had a controlling interest, and initially recognized its common equity investment and note receivable at fair values of and , respectively. 
 
 On June 6, 2024, the Company entered into definitive agreements to sell its percent non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland to private equity funds managed by Blackstone for billion and its note receivable to Copeland for billion, and the transactions were subsequently completed in August 2024. As a result of these transactions, the equity interest and note receivable are reported as held-for-sale in the prior year, and the gain on the sale of the Company's non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland and the historical equity method losses, which were reported since May 2023 in Other deductions, net, have been reclassified and are now reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented (see Note 5). 
 
 The Company recognized non-cash interest income on the note receivable (through the date of the agreement) of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is reported in Interest income from related party within continuing operations and capitalized to the carrying value of the note. Upon entering into the note agreement, the Company recorded a pretax loss of after-tax, per share) to adjust the carrying value of the note to billion to reflect the transaction price. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company settled a note receivable and note payable with Copeland of , which is reported in Investing and Financing cash flows, respectively. 
 
 percent non-controlling common equity interest. 

54 

Gross profit Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders ) ) 

(9) 
 
 Variable lease expense 
 
 Short-term lease expense and sublease income were immaterial for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Cash paid for operating leases is classified within operating cash flows from continuing operations and was , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Operating lease right-of-use asset additions were , and for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Current lease liabilities (Accrued expenses) Noncurrent lease liabilities (Other liabilities) 
 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and years, and the weighted-average discount rate was percent and percent as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 Lease commitments that have not yet commenced were immaterial as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 55 

(10) 
 
 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other Balance, September 30, 2023 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other Balance, September 30, 2024 
 Less: Accumulated amortization Net carrying amount 
 
 , and , respectively. Based on intangible asset balances as of September 30, 2024, amortization expense is expected to approximate in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in 2029. The increase in goodwill and intangible assets in 2024 reflects the National Instruments acquisition. 
 
 56 

(11) 
 billion. All derivatives receiving hedge accounting are cash flow hedges. The majority of hedging gains and losses deferred as of September 30, 2024 are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months as the underlying forecasted transactions occur. Gains and losses on foreign currency derivatives reported in Other deductions, net reflect hedges of balance sheet exposures that do not receive hedge accounting. Cash flows related to foreign currency hedges are classified within operating cash flows. 
 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 In 2019, the Company issued euro-denominated debt of billion, of which was repaid in 2024. The outstanding euro notes reduce foreign currency risk associated with the Company's international subsidiaries that use the euro as their functional currency and have been designated as a hedge of a portion of the investment in these operations. Foreign currency gains or losses associated with the euro-denominated debt are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and will remain until the hedged investment is sold or substantially liquidated. Cash flows related to the euro-denominated debt are classified within financing cash flows. 
 
 ) ) Foreign currency Sales ) ) ) Foreign currency Cost of sales ) Foreign currency Other deductions, net ) Net Investment Hedge Euro denominated debt ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Regardless of whether derivatives and non-derivative financial instruments receive hedge accounting, the Company expects hedging gains or losses to be offset by losses or gains on the related underlying exposures. The amounts ultimately recognized will differ from those presented above for open positions, which remain subject to ongoing market price fluctuations until settlement. Derivatives receiving hedge accounting are highly effective and no amounts were excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 Equity Investment 
 The Company had an equity investment in National Instruments Corporation ("NI"), valued at as of September 30, 2023 (reported in Other noncurrent assets), and recognized a mark-to-market gain of in 2023. On April 12, 2023, Emerson announced an agreement to acquire NI for per share in cash for the remaining shares not already owned by Emerson and the transaction closed on October 11, 2023. See Note 4. 
 
 Fair Value Measurement 
 Valuations for all derivatives and the Company's long-term debt fall within Level 2 of the GAAP valuation hierarchy. The fair value of long-term debt was billion and billion, respec tively, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, which was lower than the carrying value by and , respectively. 
 
 57 

(12) 
 
 Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings Total Interest rate for weighted-average short-term borrowings at year end 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a billion revolving backup credit facility with various banks, which replaced the May 2018 billion facility. The credit facility is maintained to support general corporate purposes, including commercial paper borrowings. The Company has not incurred any borrowings under this or previous facilities. The credit facility contains no financial covenants and is not subject to termination based on a change of credit rating or material adverse changes. The facility is unsecured and may be accessed under various interest rate alternatives at the Company s option. Fees to maintain the facility are immaterial. 

(13) 
 euro notes due May 2024 
 notes due June 2025 
 euro notes due October 2025 
 notes due October 2026 
 notes due October 2027 
 notes due December 2028 
 euro notes due October 2029 
 notes due October 2030 
 notes due December 2031 
 notes due August 2032 
 notes due April 2039 
 notes due November 2039 
 notes due October 2050 
 notes due December 2051 
 Other Long-term debt Less: Current maturities Total, net 
 
 Long-term debt maturing during each of the four years after 2025 is , , and , respectively. Total interest paid on long-term debt was approximately , and in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 During the year, the Company repaid of euro notes that matured in May 2024. In 2023, the Company repaid of notes that matured in February 2023 and AspenTech repaid to pay off the outstanding balance on its existing term loan facility plus accrued interest. 
 The Company maintains a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which it can issue debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, share purchase contracts or share purchase units without a 
 58 

(14) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amortization and other ) ) Net periodic pension expense (income) ) ) ) Defined contribution plans Total retirement plans expense (income) ) 
 
 Total net periodic pension (income) increased in 2024 primarily due to higher return on plan assets, partially offset by higher interest costs. Net periodic pension expense (income) includes and and defined contribution expense includes and for 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to discontinued operations. For defined contribution plans, the Company makes cash contributions based on plan requirements, which are expensed as incurred. 
 
 The Company's principal U.S. defined benefit plan is closed to employees hired after January 1, 2016 while shorter-tenured employees ceased accruing b enefits effective October 1, 2016. Effective January 1, 2025, the Company is implementing a new profit sharing retirement program for all U.S. non-union employees. Eligible employees will receive a base contribution to a cash balance account administered within the principal U.S. defined benefit plan, to be funded by surplus pension assets, as well as a potential profit sharing contribution to their defined contribution account. After December 31, 2024, future service for employees that had continued to accrue benefits in the principal U.S. defined benefit plan will be frozen. 

59 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Curtailments ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Acquisitions (Divestitures), net ) ) Foreign currency translation and other Projected benefit obligation, ending Fair value of plan assets, beginning Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Acquisitions (Divestitures), net ) ) Foreign currency translation and other Fair value of plan assets, ending Net amount recognized in the balance sheet ) ) Location of net amount recognized in the balance sheet: Noncurrent asset Current liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized in the balance sheet ) ) Pretax accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial losses in 2024 were largely due to a decrease in the discount rates used to estimate the benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. plans, which were and at September 30, 2024 compared to and at September 30, 2023, respectively. A ctuarial gains in 2023 were largely due to an increase in the discount rates used to estimate the benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. p lans, which were and at September 30, 2023 compared to and at September 30, 2022, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, U.S. pension plans were overfunded by in total, including unfunded plans totaling . The non-U.S. plans were underfunded by , including unfunded plans totaling . 
 
 As of the September 30, 2024 and 2023 measurement dates, the plans' total accumulated benefit obligation was and , respectively. The total projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for individual plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were , and , respectively, for 2024, and , and , respectively, for 2023. The total projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for individual plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were , and , respectively, for 2024, and , and , respectively, for 2023. 
 60 

in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028, in 2029 and in total over the five years 2030 through 2034. Based on foreign currency exchange rates as of September 30, 2024, future benefit payments by non-U.S. plans are estimated to be in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028, in 2029 and in total over the five years 2030 through 2034. The Company expects to contribute approximately to its retirement plans in 2025. 
 
 Discount rate used to determine interest cost Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Benefit obligations Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The discount rate for the U.S. retirement plans was percent as of September 30, 2024. An actuarially developed, company-specific yield curve is used to determine the discount rate. To determine the service and interest cost components of pension expense for its U.S. retirement plans, the Company applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve, rather than the single weighted-average rate, to the projected cash flows to provide more precise measurement of these costs. The expected return on plan assets assumption is determined by reviewing the investment returns of the plans for the past 10 years plus longer-term historical returns of an asset mix approximating the Company's asset allocation targets, and periodically comparing these returns to expectations of investment advisors and actuaries to determine whether long-term future returns are expected to differ significantly from the past. 
 
 - 
 - 
 Debt securities - 
 - 
 Other - 
 - 
 Total 
 
 The primary objective for the investment of pension assets is to secure participant retirement benefits by earning a reasonable rate of return. Plan assets are invested consistent with the provisions of the prudence and diversification rules of ERISA and with a long-term investment horizon. The Company continuously monitors the value of assets by class and routinely rebalances to remain within target allocations. The equity strategy is to minimize concentrations of risk by investing primarily in a mix of companies that are diversified across geographies, market capitalization, style, sectors and industries worldwide. The approach for bonds emphasizes investment-grade corporate and government debt with maturities matching the duration of pension liabilities. The bonds strategy also includes a high-yield element which is generally shorter in duration. For diversification, a small portion of U.S. plan assets is allocated to private equity partnerships and real asset fund investments, providing opportunities for above market returns. Leveraging techniques are not used and the use of derivatives in any fund is limited and inconsequential. 
 61 

International equities Emerging market equities Corporate bonds Government bonds Other Total 2023 U.S. equities International equities Emerging market equities Corporate bonds Government bonds Other Total 
 
 Asset Classes 
 U.S. equities reflect companies domiciled in the U.S., including multinational companies. International equities are comprised of companies domiciled in developed nations outside the U.S. Emerging market equities are comprised of companies domiciled in portions of Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Corporate bonds represent investment-grade debt of issuers primarily from the U.S. Government bonds include investment-grade instruments issued by federal, state and local governments, primarily in the U.S. Other includes cash, interests in mixed asset funds investing in commodities, natural resources, agriculture, real estate and infrastructure funds, life insurance contracts (U.S.), and shares in certain general investment funds of financial institutions or insurance arrangements (non-U.S.) that typically ensure no market losses or provide for a small minimum return guarantee. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy Categories 
 Valuations of Level 1 assets for all classes are based on quoted closing market prices from the principal exchanges where the individual securities are traded. Cash is valued at cost, which approximates fair value. Debt securities categorized as Level 2 assets are generally valued based on independent broker/dealer bids or by comparison to other debt securities having similar durations, yields and credit ratings. Valuation techniques and inputs for these assets include discounted cash flow analysis, earnings multiple approaches, recent transactions, transfer restrictions, prevailing discount rates, volatilities, credit ratings and other factors. In the Other class, interests in mixed asset funds are Level 2, and U.S. life insurance contracts and non-U.S. general fund investments and insurance arrangements are Level 3. Investments measured at NAV are primarily nonexchange-traded commingled or collective funds where the underlying securities have observable prices available from active markets and typically provide liquidity daily or within a few days. The NAV category also includes fund investments in private equities, real estate and infrastructure where the fair value of the underlying assets is determined by the investment manager. Total unfunded commitments for the private equity funds were approximately at September 30, 2024. These investments cannot be redeemed, but instead the funds will make distributions through liquidation of the underlying assets, which is expected to occur over approximately the next years. The real estate and infrastructure funds typically offer quarterly redemption. 
 
 Postretirement Plans 
 The Company also sponsors unfunded postretirement benefit plans (primarily health care) for certain U.S. retirees and their dependents. The Company s principal U.S. postretirement plan has been frozen to new employees since 1993. The postretirement benefit liability for all plans was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and included deferred actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income of and , respectively. Service and interest costs are negligible and more than offset by the amortization of deferred actuarial gains, which resulted in net postretirement income of for 2024, for 2023 and for 2022. Benefits paid 
 62 

and for 2024 and 2023, respectively, and the Company estimates that future health care benefit payments will be approximately per year for 2025 through 2029, and in total over the five years 2030 through 2034. 

(15) 
 
 known c ontingent liabilities (including guarantees, pending litigation, taxes and other claims) that management believes will be material in relation to the Company's financial statements, nor were there any material commitments outside the normal course of business. 

(16) 
 Non-U.S. Total pretax earnings 
 63 

State and local Non-U.S. Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Non-U.S. rate differential Non-U.S. tax holidays ) ) ) Research and development credits ) ) ) Foreign derived intangible income ) ) ) U.S. taxation of Non-U.S. Earnings Subsidiary restructuring ) Test Measurement purchase accounting Russia business exit Other Effective income tax rate 
 
 Test Measurement purchase accounting reflects a lower tax benefit on inventory step-up amortization. The increase in Other in 2024 includes the losses on small divestitures, which were non-deductible for tax purposes. See Note 4 for further details. The increase in Other in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven by a percentage point impact due to an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 The Company has elected to recognize the tax on global intangible low-taxed income earned by certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries as a period expense when it is incurred. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and among other things, provides tax relief to businesses. Tax provisions of the CARES Act included the deferral of certain payroll taxes, relief for retaining employees, and other provisions. The Company deferred of certain payroll taxes through the end of calendar year 2020, of which approximately was paid in December 2021 and the remainder paid in December 2022. 
 
 Non-U.S. tax holidays reduce tax rates in certain jurisdictions. Approximately percent of the tax holidays expire over the next , with the remainder expiring by 2037. 
 
 64 

Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) Acquisitions and divestitures Reductions for settlements with tax authorities ) ) Reductions for expiration of statutes of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, ending 
 
 If none of the unrecognized tax benefits shown is ultimately paid, the tax provision and the calculation of the effective tax rate would be favorably impacted by , which is net of cross-jurisdictional tax credits and temporary differences. The Company accrues interest and penalties related to income taxes in income tax expense. Total expense (income) recognized was , and ) in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, total accrued interest and penalties were and , respectively. 
 
 The U.S. is the major jurisdiction for which the Company files income tax returns. Examinations for U.S. federal are complete through 2017, except for 2014. The status of state and non-U.S. tax examinations varies due to the numerous legal entities and jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 
 Accrued liabilities Postretirement and postemployment benefits Employee compensation and benefits Other Total Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Pensions ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Undistributed non-U.S. earnings ) ) Deferred gains ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) 
 
 Total income taxes paid were appro ximately , and in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Taxes paid in 2023 included approximately billion related to the gains on the sale of the majority stake in Copeland and the InSinkErator divestiture and subsidiary restructurings related to the Copeland transaction. Taxes related to the Company's sale of its non-controlling common equity interest in Copeland will be paid in 2025. Approximately 
 65 

of net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely, while most of the remainder expire over the next years. 

(17) 
 
 performance period. 
 
 AspenTech also has stock-based compensation plans that are settled in its own stock. These plans consist of performance shares, restricted stock units and stock options. 
 
 As a result of the Company's acquisition of NI, outstanding NI restricted stock units and performance stock units were assumed by Emerson and converted at the time of the acquisition into Emerson time-based restricted stock units, but otherwise subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting and payment schedule) as the awards originally issued by NI. 
 
 Restricted stock and restricted stock units AspenTech stock-based compensation plans Total stock compensation expense Less: discontinued operations Stock compensation expense from continuing operations Income tax benefits recognized 
 
 Stock compensation expense for 2024 includes related to NI restricted stock units, which includes of integration-related stock compensation expense (of which was reported as restructuring costs). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested shares awarded under Emerson plans was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years, while the total future unrecognized compensation cost related to AspenTech stock options, RSUs and performance stock un its was , and respectively, which is expected to be recorded over a weighted average period of 2.2 years, years and years, respectively. 
 
 Emerson Performance Shares, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company's incentive shares plans include performance shares awards which distribute the value of common stock to key management employees at the conclusion of a period subject to certain operating performance conditions and other terms and restrictions. Dividend equivalents are only paid on earned awards after the performance period has concluded. Compensation expense for performance shares is recognized over the service period based on the number of shares ultimately expected to be earned. 
 66 

Total shares earned Shares distributed in cash, primarily for tax withholding 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately shares awarded primarily in 2022 were outstanding, contingent on the Company achieving its performance objectives through 2024. The objectives for these shares were met at t he percent level and the shares will be distributed in early fiscal 2025. 
 
 Additionally, the rights to receive approximately and shares awarded in 2024 and 2023, respectively, are outstanding and contingent upon the Company achieving its performance objectives through 2026 and 2025, respectively. 
 
 Incentive shares plans also include restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. Restricted stock awards involve distribution of common stock to key management employees subject to cliff vesting at the end of service periods ranging from three to while restricted stock units granted to employees vest over a period. The fair value of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units is determined based on the average of the high and low market prices of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, with compensation expense recognized ratably over the applicable vesting period. In 2024, approximately shares of restricted stock and approximately restricted stock units vested as a result of participants fulfilling the applicable service requirements. Consequently, approximately shares and units were issued while shares and units were withheld for income taxes in accordance with minimum withholding requirements. As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately shares of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units outstanding. 
 
 In addition to the employee stock option and incentive share plans, in 2024 the Company awarded approximately restricted stock units under the restricted stock plan for non-management directors. As of September 30, 2024, approximately shares were available for issuance under this plan. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, million shares remained available for award under incentive shares plans. 
 
 Granted Assumed Earned/vested ) Canceled ) End of year 
 
 Share awards distributed in cash, primarily for tax withholding 
 
 Emerson Stock Options 
 There were stock option grants in 2024, 2023 and 2022. The Company's stock option plans expired in 2021. Previously awarded stock options allow key officers and employees to purchase common stock at specified prices, which are equal to percent of the closing market price of the Company's stock on the date of grant. Options generally vest in each of the subsequent to grant and expire years from the date of grant. 
 
 67 

Options exercised ) Options canceled ) End of year Exercisable at end of year 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised Tax benefits related to option exercises 
 AspenTech Stock-Based Compensation 
 As discussed in Note 4, Emerson completed the acquisition of Heritage AspenTech in the third quarter of 2022. AspenTech, as defined in Note 4, operates as a separate publicly traded company and has various stock-based compensation plans, including stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units, which are settled in their own common stock and are accounted for as equity awards. Restricted stock units and performance stock units generally vest over . In fiscal 2023 and 2024, the Company granted performance stock units with both a performance and service condition. The performance condition relates to the attainment of predefined goals based on annual contract value and free cash flows. On a quarterly basis, management evaluates the probability that the threshold performance goals will be achieved, if at all, and the anticipated level of attainment to determine the amount of compensation expense to record in the condensed consolidated financial statements. Option awards have been granted with an exercise price equal to the market closing price of AspenTech's stock on the trading day prior to the grant date. These options generally vest over and expire within or of grant. AspenTech's policy is to issue new shares upon the exercise of vested stock awards. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the transaction agreement between Emerson and Heritage AspenTech, each outstanding option to purchase shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock, whether vested or unvested, that was unexercised as of immediately prior to the closing date was converted into an option to acquire shares of AspenTech. Each converted option is subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the original option. In addition, each outstanding award of restricted stock units with respect to shares of Heritage AspenTech common stock that were unvested as of immediately prior to the closing date was converted into an award of restricted stock units with respect to shares of AspenTech. Each converted restricted stock unit is also subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the original restricted stock unit. 
 
 ASC 805 required the Company to determine the fair value of the AspenTech share-based payment awards related to the replacement of the Heritage AspenTech share-based payment awards, and allocate the total fair value based on the services that are attributable to the pre- and post-combination service periods, respectively. The portion that is attributable to the pre-combination service period was considered part of the consideration transferred for Heritage AspenTech and included as part of the purchase price. The portion that is attributable to the post-combination service period is recognized as stock-based compensation expense in the post-combination consolidated financial statements over the remaining requisite service period. 
 
 AspenTech Stock Options 
 AspenTech utilizes the Black-Scholes option valuation model for estimating the fair value of options granted. The Black-Scholes option valuation model incorporates assumptions regarding expected stock price volatility, the expected life of the option, the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield and the market value of AspenTech's common stock. The expected stock price volatility is determined based on AspenTech's stock s historic prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the award. The expected life of an option represents the period for which options are expected to be outstanding as determined by historic option exercises and cancellations. The risk-free 
 68 

, based on AspenTech's history and expectation of not paying dividends on common shares. Stoc k-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of forfeitures as they occur, over the requisite service period for time-vested awards. There were stock option grants in 2024. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Canceled / Forfeited ) End of year Exercisable at end of year Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2024 was . Cash proceeds of from issuances of shares of AspenTech common stock were received during 2024. 
 
 AspenTech Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 Granted Settled ) Canceled / Forfeited ) End of year Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 

In 2024 , AspenTech granted additional performance stock units with a performance condition and service 
 condition. The 2024 performance stock units vest on a cliff basis in three years based upon the achievement of predefined performance goals, with no ability for the awards to vest on an accelerated basis. The performance goal relates to (i) growth in annual contract value over the performance period and (ii) cumulative free cash flow over the performance period. Up to percent of the performance stock units could vest upon achievement of the performance goals. Conversely, if a minimum performance goal is not met, none of the performance stock units will vest. During 2024, the total fair value of vested shares from AspenTech RSU grants amounted to . Withholding taxes of were paid on vested RSUs during 2024. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, management evaluates the probability that the threshold performance goals will be achieved, if at all, and the anticipated level of attainment to determine the amount of compensation expense to record in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In 2023, AspenTech granted performance stock units with a performance condition and service condition. These performance stock units vest on a cliff basis in based upon the achievement of predefined performance goals, with the ability for percent of granted awards to vest on an accelerated basis in each of the first two years. The performance goal relates to the sum of (i) annual contract value growth and (ii) free cash flow margin over the 
 69 

percent of the performance stock units could vest upon achievement of the performance goals. Conversely, if a minimum performance goal is not met, none of the performance stock units will vest. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, common stock reserved for future issuance under all AspenTech equity compensation plans was million shares. 

(18) 
 
 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Company's stock-based compensation plans. During 2024, million common shares were purchased and million treasury shares were reissued. In 2023, million common shares were purchased and million treasury shares were reissued. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had million shares of par value preferred stock authorized, with issued. 

(19)) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 ) Reclassification to loss on divestiture of business Reclassification to gain on sale of equity interest Ending balance ) ) ) Pension and postretirement Beginning balance ) ) ) Actuarial gains (losses) deferred during the period, net of taxes of , and ), respectively 
 ) Amortization of deferred actuarial losses into earnings, net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 ) ) Reclassified to gain on sale of business Ending balance ) ) ) Cash flow hedges Beginning balance Gains deferred during the period, net of taxes of ), ) and , 
 respectively 
 ) Reclassifications of realized (gains) losses to sales and cost of sales, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 ) ) ) Reclassified to gain on sale of business ) Ending balance ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 

(20) 
 
 segments and business groups, which are highlighted in the table below. 
 70 

71 

Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software Test Measurement ) AspenTech ) ) Software and Control Corporate items: Stock compensation ) ) ) Unallocated pension and postretirement costs Corporate and other (includes assets held-for-sale) ) ) ) Loss on Copeland note receivable ) Gain on subordinated interest Eliminations/Interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest income from related party Total 
 
 In 2024 , stock compensation included of integration-related stock compensation expense attributable to NI (of which was reported as restructuring costs). Corporate and other includes acquisition/divestiture fees and related costs of of which is reported in operating profit) , of which is reported in operating profit) and for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Additionally, in 2024, Corporate and other includes acquisition-related inventory step-up amortization of and divestiture losses totaling , while 2023 includes a loss of r elated to the Company's exit of business operations in Russia compared to a loss of in 2022. Corporate and other in 2023 also included a mark-to-market gain of related to foreign currency forward contracts entered into by AspenTech and a mark-to-market gain of related to the Company's equity investment in National Instruments Corporation (see Note 6). 
 
 72 

Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software Test Measurement AspenTech Software and Control Corporate and other Total 
 Depreciation and amortization includes intellectual property, customer relationships and capitalized software. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software Test Measurement AspenTech Software and Control Total 
 
 2024 Americas AMEA Europe Total Final Control Measurement Analytical Discrete Automation Safety Productivity Intelligent Devices Control Systems Software Test Measurement AspenTech Software and Control Total 
 73 

, and for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, while Asia, Middle East Africa includes sales in China of , and in those years. 
 
 Asia, Middle East Africa Europe Total 
 
 Property, plant and equipment located in the U.S. w as in 2024, in 2023 and in 2022. 

(21) 
 
 Rent expense 
 
 Amortization of intangibles (includes , and reported in Cost of Sales in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively) (a) 
 Amortization of capitalized software Total 
 
 related to the NI acquisition in 2024, while 2024, 2023 and 2022 includes , and of which is reported as a restructuring related cost), respectively, related to the Heritage AspenTech acquisition. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Unbilled receivables (contract assets) Deferred income taxes Asbestos-related insurance receivables 
 
 Employee compensation Operating lease liabilities (current) Product warranty 
 
 74 

Pension and postretirement liabilities Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) Asbestos litigation Other Total 

(22) 
 Gross profit Earnings from continuing operations common stockholders Net earnings common stockholders Earnings per common share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Dividends per common share 
 Earnings per share are computed independently each period; as a result, the quarterly amounts may not sum to the calculated annual figure. 
 
 Emerson Electric Co. common stock (symbol EMR) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and NYSE Chicago. 

(23) 
 
 per share in cash. The Company currently owns approximately percent of AspenTech's outstanding shares of common stock. Also on November 5, 2024, the Company announced that it is exploring strategic alternatives, including a cash sale, for its Safety Productivity segment. 

75 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Emerson Electric Co.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Emerson Electric Co. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
 76 

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate beca use of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicat ed or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Sufficiency of Audit Evidence over Net Sales 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2 and 20 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, and disclosed in the consolidated statement of earnings, the Company recorded 17.5 billion of net sales in 2024. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over net sales as a critical audit matter. Net sales are recognized primarily from the sale of tangible products from hundreds of Company locations around the world. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required especially subjective auditor judgment because of the geographical dispersion of the Company s net sales generating activities. This included determining the Company locations at which procedures were performed and the supervision and review of procedures performed at those locations. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over net sales, including the determination of the Company locations at which those procedures were to be performed. At each Company location where procedures were performed, we: 
 
 Evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s net sales processes, including the Company s controls over the accurate recording of amounts. 
 
 Assessed the recorded net sales by selecting a sample of transactions and compared the amounts recognized for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts with customers and shipping documentation. 
 
 Evaluation of the Acquisition Date Fair Value of Certain Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 As discussed in Notes 4 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, on October 11, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation for a total purchase consideration of 8.7 billion. The estimated intangible assets attributable to the transactions included customer relationships and developed technology intangible assets with acquisition date fair values of 3.36 billion and 1.57 billion, respectively. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the acquisition date fair value of the customer relationships and developed technology intangible assets as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective and complex auditor judgment was required to evaluate key assumptions used to value these acquired intangible assets. Specifically, key assumptions included projected revenue and customer attrition for the customer relationships intangible asset and projected revenue and obsolescence rates for the developed technology intangible asset. Changes to these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the fair value of such assets. In addition, 
 77 

valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge were needed to assist in the evaluation of the customer attrition and obsolescence rates assumptions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s business combination process, including controls related to the development of the projected revenue, customer attrition, and obsolescence rate assumptions used in the Company s valuations of intangible assets. We evaluated the projected revenue used by the Company by (1) comparing to historical results of the acquired entity and publicly available information for peer companies and (2) inquiring of individuals outside of the accounting function about projected revenue and the process used to develop it. In addition, we compared the Company s projected revenue for the acquired entity to their actual revenue subsequent to the acquisition to evaluate the C ompany s ability to forecast. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company's customer attrition rate by comparing it to historical attrition experienced by the acquired company 
 
 evaluating the obsolescence rates by comparing them to companies within the same industry as well as comparable historical transactions 
 
 /s/ 
 We or our predecessor firms have served as the Company s auditor since 1938. 
 
 November 12, 2024 
 
 78 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures which is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s certifying officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on an evaluation performed, the Company's certifying officers have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance of achieving these objectives. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to report material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company's reports. There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial rep orting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting, and the related report of the Company s auditor, KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, set forth in Item 7 and Item 8, respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information regarding nominees and directors appearing under "Proxy Item No. 1: Election of Directors" in the Emerson Electric Co. Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement for the February 2025 annual shareholders' meeting (the "2025 Proxy Statement") is hereby incorporated by reference. Information regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I of this report. Information regarding the Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert appearing under "Board and Committee Operations Board and Corporate Governance Committees of Our Board of Directors," "Board and Committee Operations Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Nomination Process" and " Proxy Access" in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer; has posted such Code of Ethics on its website; and intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting such information on its website. The Company has adopted Charters for its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and a Code of Business Ethics for directors, officers and employees, which are available on its website and in print to any stockholder who requests them. The Company has also adopted Corporate Governance Principles and Practices, which are available on its website and in print to any stockholder who requests them. The Corporate Governance section of the Company's website may be accessed as follows: www.Emerson.com, Investors, Corporate Governance. Information appearing under "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Policies Supporting Our Fundamental Principles in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 79 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information appearing under Executive Compensation" (including the information set forth under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis"), "Compensation Tables" (other than "Pay vs. Performance"), "Board and Committee Operations Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Director Compensation," "Board and Committee Operations Compensation Committee" (including, but not limited to, the information set forth under "Role of Executive Officers and the Compensation Consultant," "Compensation Committee Report" and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation") in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The information contained in the "Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information regarding beneficial ownership of shares by nominees and continuing directors, named executive officers, five percent beneficial owners, and by all directors and executive officers as a group appearing under "Ownership of Emerson Equity Securities" in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 The following table sets forth aggregate information regarding the Company s equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2024: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 5,782,000 51.71 17,504,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 5,782,000 51.71 17,504,000 
 
 (1) Includes the Stock Option and Incentive Shares Plans previously approved by the Company's security holders. Shares included in column (a) assume the maximum payouts, where applicable, and are as follows: (i) 288,000 shares reserved for outstanding stock option awards, (ii) 1,037,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2024, (iii) 1,345,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2023, (iv) 1,332,000 shares reserved for performance share awards granted in 2022 and (v) 1,780,000 shares reserved for outstanding restricted stock unit awards. As provided by the Company s Incentive Shares Plans, performance shares awards represent a commitment to issue such shares without cash payment by the employee, contingent upon achievement of the performance objectives and continued service by the employee. 
 
 The table above includes awards of 793,000 shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 relating to restricted stock units and performance stock units which were originally issued by National Instruments Corporation and assumed by Emerson and converted into Emerson time-based restricted stock units in connection with the acquisition of National Instruments Corporation in early fiscal 2024. 
 
 The price in column (b) represents the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding options. Included in column (c) are shares remaining available for award under previously approved plans as follows: (i) 16,000,000 under the 2024 Incentive Shares Plan, (ii) 963,000 under the 2015 Incentive Shares Plan, (iii) 503,000 under the 2006 Incentive Shares Plan,and (iv) 38,000 under the Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors. 
 
 Information regarding stock option plans and incentive shares plans is set forth in Note 17. 
 
 80 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information appearing under Board and Committee Operations Board and Corporate Governance Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons," " Certain Business Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and " Director Independence" in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information appearing under "Board and Committee Operations Audit Committee Fees Paid to KPMG LLP" in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 A) Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 
 1. The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the Company and subsidiaries and the report thereon of KPMG LLP set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules - All schedules are omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the required information is provided in the financial statements or notes thereto contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Exhibits (Listed by numbers corresponding to the Exhibit Table of Item 601 in Regulation S-K). 
 
 2(a) Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 10, 2021 , among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide, Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(b) Amendment No. 1 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of March 23, 2022, among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed on May 4, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2(b). 
 
 2(c) Amendment No. 2 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of May 3, 2022, among Emerson Electric Co., Aspen Technology, Inc., EMR Worldwide Inc., Emersub CX, Inc. and Emersub CXI, Inc., incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed on May 4, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2(c). 
 
 2(d) Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2022 , among Emerson Electric Co., BCP Emerald Aggregator L.P., Emerald Debt Merger Sub L.L.C and Emerald JV Holdings L.P, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on October 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(e) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 12, 2023, among Emerson Electric Co., Emersub CXIV, Inc., and National Instruments Corporation , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 12, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(f) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2024, among Emerson Electric Co., EMR Holdings, Inc., Emerald JV Holdings L.P., and EMRLD Seller Notes Issuer LP , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2024, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.1. 
 
 2(g) Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2024, among Emersub 21 LLC, Emersub 22 LLC, Humboldt Hermetic Motor Corp., Emersub XLVI, Inc., BCP Emerald Aggregator L.P., Emerald JV Holdings L.P., and Emerald JV Holdings G.P. LLC , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2024, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 2.2. 
 
 81 

3(a) Restated Articles of Incorporation of Emerson Electric Co. , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3(a); Termination of Designated Shares of Stock and Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 1998 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3(a). 
 
 3(b) Bylaws of Emerson Electric Co ., as amended through May 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K dated May 4, 2021, filed on May 4, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 3.1. 
 
 4(a) Indenture dated as of December 10, 1998, between Emerson Electric Co. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (successor to The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as the Bank of New York)), as trustee , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 1998 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4(b), Form of 2.000 Notes due 2028 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.2, Form of 2.200 Notes due 2031 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.3, Form of 2.800 Notes due 2051 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.4. 
 
 4(b) Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of April 26, 2019 by and among Emerson Electric Co., Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as resigning trustee , incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K dated May 15, 2019, filed on May 17, 2019, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4.4. 
 
 4(c) Description of Capital Stock inc orporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., 2020 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 4(c). 
 
 4(d) Description of 1.250 Notes due 2025 and 2.000 Notes due 2029 , filed herewith. 
 
 No other long-term debt instruments are filed since the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of Emerson Electric Co. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Emerson Electric Co. agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 
 10(a) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Continuing Compensation Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(c). 
 
 10(b) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Forms of Payment Election Form, Initial Notice of Election and Notice of Election Change , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(d). 
 
 10(c) First Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 1999 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(h), and Form of Change of Control Election , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K dated October 1, 2004, Exhibit 10.9 (applicable only with respect to benefits vested as of December 31, 2004). 
 
 10(d) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Pension Restoration Plan dated October 6, 2015 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(e); Forms of Participation Award Letter, Acceptance of Award and Benefit Election Forms (applicable only with respect to benefits after January 1, 2005) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(f); and Lump Sum Distribution Election Forms. 
 
 10(e) Fifth Amendment to the Supplemental Executive Savings Investment Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1999, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(j), and Form of Participation Agreement and Form of Annual Election , incorporated by 
 82 

reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed October 1, 2004, Exhibit 10.8 (applicable only with respect to benefits vested as of December 31, 2004). 
 
 10(f) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan and Forms of Participation Agreement, Annual Election Form and Payment Election Form (applicable only with respect to benefits after January 1, 2005) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(h), First Amendment to Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1 and Second Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2. 
 
 10(g) Amended and Restated Emerson Electric Co. Annual Incentive Plan and Form of Acceptance of Award , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(i). 
 
 10(h) Emerson Electric Co. Description of Split Dollar Life Insurance Program Transition , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed September 2, 2005, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(i) Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Form of Restricted Stock Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 8-K filed February 1, 2005, Exhibit 10.2, and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(j) Description of Non-Management Director Compensation , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-K filed November 20, 2017, Exhibit 10(n). 
 
 10(k) Description of Named Executive Officer Compensation , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-K filed November 20, 2017, Exhibit 10(o). 
 
 10(l) Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Proxy Statement dated December 16, 2005, Appendix C, Amendment for 409A Compliance , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(q), Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award (used on or prior to September 30, 2009) and Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used on or prior to September 30, 2011) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2007 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(q), Amendment to Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate, Acceptance of Award and 2010 Performance Shares Program Award Summary , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009 (used after September 30, 2009 and on or prior to September 30, 2011), File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.3 (used after September 30, 2011), and Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.4 (used after September 30, 2011). Second Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. 2006 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2 
 
 10(m) Credit Agreement dated as of February 17, 2023., incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(n) 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2011 Proxy Statement dated December 10, 2010, File No. 1-278, Appendix B, 2011 Stock Option Plan as Amended and Restated effective October 1, 2012 , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2012 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(r), Forms of Notice of Grant of Stock Options, Option Agreement 
 83 

and Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1 and Forms of Notice of Grant of Stock Options, Option Agreement and Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Option Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2. 
 
 10(o) Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Proxy Statement dated December 12, 2014, Appendix B, Forms of Performance Shares Award Certificate and Acceptance of Award (used on or prior to November 5, 2018), Performance Shares Program Award Summary (used on or prior to November 5, 2018) and Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used on or prior to November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(u), Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.1, Form of Restricted Stock Un its Program Acceptance of Award (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.2 and F orm of Performance Share Program Acceptance of Award (used after November 5, 2018) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2018, Exhibit 10.3., Form of Emerson Electric Co. Performance Shares Program Award Agreement (used after November 1, 2021) , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2 First Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. 2015 Incentive Shares Plan , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.3 F orm of Performance Shares Program Acceptance Award Agreement (used after November 6, 2023) , filed herewith, Form of Performance Shares Program Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (used after November 6, 2023) , filed herewith. 
 
 10(p) Transaction Agreement dated as of July 29, 2016 among Emerson Electric Co., Cortes NP Holdings, LLC, Cortes NP Acquisition Corporation, ASCO Power Grp, LLC and Cortes NP JV Holdings, LLC , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2016 Form 10-K, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(w). 
 
 10(q) Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan II , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1, Second Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.2 and First Amendment to the Emerson Electric Co. Savings Investment Restoration Plan II , incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co., Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(r) Letter Agreement dated November 16, 2022 between Emerson Electric Co. and Mark J. Bulanda, signed November 22, 2022. , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on November 28, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(s) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors and Forms of Payment Election Forms , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(a). 
 
 10(t) Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors and Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter under the Emerson Electric Co. Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Management Directors , incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(b). 
 
 10(u) Emerson Electric Co. Annual Cash Incentive Plan and Form of Acceptance of Award, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed on February 8, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10(c). 
 
 10(v) Letter Agreement dated May 2, 2023 between Emerson Electric Co. and Frank J. Dellaquila. , incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 10(w) Letter Agreement dated November 28, 2023 between Emerson Electric Co. and Sara Y. Bosco, incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2023, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1. 
 
 84 

10(x) Emerson Electric Co. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Emerson Electric Co. 2024 Proxy Statement dated December 8, 2023, File No. 1-278, Appendix C. Form of Performance Shares Program Acceptance Award Agreement (used after November 4, 2024) , filed herewith, Form of Performance Shares Program Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (used after November 4, 2024), filed herewith, Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (used after November 4, 2024), filed herewith 
 
 10(y) Defined Contribution Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan , incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 8-K, filed on November 5, 2024, File No. 1-278, Exhibit 10.1 
 
 19 Insider Trading Policies and Procedure s, 
 
 21 Subsidiaries of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 24 Power of Attorney 
 
 31 Certifications pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 32 Certifications pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 97 Incentive Compensation Recovery (Clawback) Polic y, incorporated by reference to Emerson Electric Co. 2023 Form 10-K Fi le No. 1 -278, Exhibit 97 
 
 101 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2023 and 2024, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2023, and 2024 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2023 and 2024, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2023 and 2024, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022, 2023 and 2024, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Emerson agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Portions of these exhibits have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). 
 
 The Company entered into two global notes for each series of notes (Notes A-1 and A-2), which are identical other than with respect to the note number 
 
 ITEM 16 - FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 85 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. By /s/ M. J. Baughman 
 M. J. Baughman 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer November 12, 2024 
 
 86 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on November 12, 2024, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer S. L. Karsanbhai /s/ M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer M. J. Baughman Chair of the Board J. S. Turley Director M. A. Blinn Director J. B. Bolten Director C. G. Butler Director M. S. Craighead Director W. H. Easter III Director G. A. Flach Director L. Goncalves 
 Director L. M. Lee Director M. S. Levatich Director J. M. McKelvey 
 By /s/ M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Attorney-in-Fact 
 87 

<EX-4.D>
 2
 exhibit4dfy24.htm
 EX-4.D

Document 

Exhibit 4(d) 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S DEBT SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description of Emerson Electric Co s 1.250 notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes and 2.000 notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes, and together with the 2025 Notes, the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture, dated as of December 10, 1998 (the Base Indenture between Emerson Electric Co. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor to The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of January 15, 2019 among Emerson Electric Co., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Base Indenture, as supplemented, the Indenture ). References to Emerson, we, us and our in this section are only to Emerson Electric Co. and not its consolidated subsidiaries. The 2025 Notes and the 2029 Notes are each traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the bond trading symbols EMR 25A and EMR 29, respectively. 
 The Trustee for each series of Notes is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., (the Trustee ). 
 Pursuant to an Agency Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2019 (the Agency Agreement ), we appointed Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch to act as paying agent, and U.S. Bank National Association to act as registrar and transfer agent for the Notes. 
 These summaries are not complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the actual provisions of the Indenture and the Notes. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the Notes, refer to the Indenture, and to the forms of Notes and Agency Agreements, all of which are filed as exhibits to the Form 8-As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2019. 
 We have issued a significant amount of other debt securities under the Indenture that have neither been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 nor listed on the NYSE. You should refer to our description of the amount of debt outstanding as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue under the Indenture. 
 
 General 
 Each of the 2025 Note and the 2029 Notes were initially issued in a 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount. We may, without the consent of the holders of a series of Notes, create and issue additional Notes ranking equally with 2025 Notes or the 2029 Notes, as applicable, in all respects, including having the same ISIN and CUSIP numbers, so that such additional Notes shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 2025 Notes or the 2029 Notes, as applicable, and shall have the same terms as to status, 

redemption or otherwise as to the applicable series of Notes provided that if any such additional 2025 Notes are not fungible with the 2025 Notes initially issued, or additional 2029 Notes are not fungible with the 2029 Notes initially issued, in any case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such additional series of Notes will have one or more separate ISIN and CUSIP numbers from those of the 2025 Notes or 2029 Notes, as applicable. No additional series of Notes may be issued if an Event of Default (as defined in the Base Indenture) has occurred and is continuing with respect to the applicable series of Notes. As of November 18, 2019, no such additional Notes have been issued. 
 The 2025 Notes will mature on October 15, 2025, and the interest rate on the 2025 Notes is 1.250 per annum. The 2029 Notes will mature on October 15, 2029, and the interest rate on the 2029 Notes is 2.000 per annum. 
 The Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
 The Notes were issued in a form of one or more registered global securities in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. 
 
 Payment of Principal and Interest 
 The Notes will bear interest from January 15, 2019. We will pay interest on annually in arrears on October 15 of each year, beginning in 2019, and on the applicable maturity date for each such series of Notes, to the record holders at the close of business on the preceding September 30 (whether or not such record date is a business day). 
 For the purposes of the Notes, business day means any day that is not a Saturday or Sunday and that is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close in the City of New York or London and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, operates. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the Notes (or January 15, 2019 if no interest have been paid on the 2025 Notes and 2029 Notes), to but excluding the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association. 
 Principal, premium, if any, and interest payments on the Notes, including any payments made upon any redemption of the Notes, will be paid in euros provided , that if the euro is unavailable to us due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond our control (including the dissolution of the European Monetary Union) or if the euro is no longer used by the then member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the international banking community, then in such circumstances, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the euro is again available to us or so used. The amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the then most recent euro U.S. dollar exchange rate available on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Notes or 

the indenture governing the Notes. Neither the Trustee nor the paying agent has any responsibility for any calculation or conversion in connection with the foregoing. 
 The Notes were initially issued as global notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. The rights of holders of beneficial interests of Notes to receive the payments of interest on such Notes, the rights transfer the Notes and rights to receive, in certain conditions, definitive notes, are subject to the terms of the Notes and the applicable procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
 We will not make any sinking fund payments in connection with the Notes. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 Each series of the Notes will be redeemable, in whole or from time to time in party, at our option at any time. 
 We may redeem the 2025 Notes on any date prior to July 15, 2025 at a redemption price in euro equal to the greater of (1) 100 percent of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2025 Notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of these payments of interest accrued as of the date of which such Notes are to be redeemed, discounted to the date on which such Notes are to be redeemed on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 25 basis points. 
 We may redeem the 2029 Notes on any date prior to July 15, 2029 at a redemption price in euro equal to the greater of (1) 100 percent of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2029 Notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of these payments of interest accrued as of the date of which such Notes are to be redeemed, discounted to the date on which such Notes are to be redeemed on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 30 basis points. 
 In every such case, the redemption price will also include interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption on the principal balance of the series of Notes being redeemed. 
 At any time on or after July 15, 2025, we may redeem some or all of the 2025 Notes at our option at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the series of Notes to be redeemed 
 
 At any time on or after July 15, 2029, we may redeem some or all of the 2029 Notes at our option at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the series of Notes to be redeemed. 
 In every such case, the redemption price will also include interest accrued to, but excluding, the date of redemption on the principal balance of the series of Notes being redeemed. 
 The principal amount of a Note remaining outstanding after a redemption in part shall be 100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof. 
 For purposes of the optional redemption provisions of the Notes, the following terms will be applicable 

Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a German federal government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the series of Notes to be redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German federal government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and or market makers in, German federal government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 
 Comparable Government Bond Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the series of Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the redemption date, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond (as defined above) on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11 00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by us. 
 
 General Information Regarding Optional Redemption 
 Notice of any redemption will be mailed or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the holders of the Notes being redeemed not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days before the redemption date of the series of Notes being redeemed, as well as in accordance with the indenture. Unless we default on payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, the series of Notes or any portion of the series of Notes called for redemption will stop accruing interest. On or before any redemption date, we will deposit with the paying agent or the Trustee money sufficient to pay the accrued interest on the series of Notes to be redeemed and their redemption price. If less than all of a series of Notes are to be redeemed, then the Notes in that series shall be selected by the paying agent by a method the paying agent deems to be fair and appropriate or, in the event that the Notes are represented by one or more global notes, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor. If the Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will select the Notes for redemption in compliance with their respective procedures and those of the principal national securities exchange on which the Notes are listed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, no Notes of a principal amount of 100,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 
 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 We will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by each beneficial owner of a Note that is not a United States person (as defined below) of such amounts, after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by the United States or a taxing authority in the United States (including any withholding or deduction with respect to the payment of such additional amounts) as would have been received had no such withholding or deduction been required provided, however , that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply 

(1) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed by reason of the holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such holder holds such note), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder or other equity owner of, or possessor of a power over, the holder or beneficial owner if the holder or beneficial owner is an estate, trust, partnership, corporation or other entity, being considered as 
 (a) 
 being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having been present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States 
 (b) 
 having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of the Notes, the receipt of any payment thereon or the enforcement of any rights thereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States 
 (c) 
 being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation or a foreign tax exempt organization for United States federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax 
 (d) 
 being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the Company as defined in Section 871(h)(3) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or any successor provision or 
 (e) 
 being or having been a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business 
 
 (2) 
 to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the Notes, or a portion of the Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of such additional amounts had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment 
 (3) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of such holder or other person, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in, such tax, assessment or other governmental charge 

(4) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding or deducting from payments on the Notes 
 (5) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a change in law, treaty, regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
 
 (6) 
 to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 (7) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent 
 (8) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of any note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
 (9) 
 to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code or 
 (10) 
 in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8) and (9). 
 
 The Notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to the Notes. Except as specifically provided under this heading - Payment of Additional Amounts, we will not be required to make any payment for any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. 
 As used under this heading - Payment of Additional Amounts and under the heading - Redemption for Tax Reasons, the term United States means the United States of America (including the states of the United States and the District of Columbia and any political subdivision thereof) and the term United States person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person under any applicable Treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
 Any reference to amounts payable in respect of the Notes herein or in the indenture shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable as described above. 

Redemption for Tax Reasons 
 If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) or treaties of the United States (or any taxing authority in the United States), or any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations, rulings or treaties, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective after the date of the applicable prospectus supplement, we become or will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described herein under the heading - Payment of Additional Amounts with respect to a series of Notes, then we may at any time at our option redeem, in whole, but not in part, such outstanding series of Notes on not less than 15 nor more than 60 days prior notice, at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest on those Notes to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption provided such obligation cannot be avoided by our taking reasonable measures available to us, not including substitution of the obligor under such Notes. 
 
 Defeasance 
 We may defease our obligations with respect to a series of Notes. For additional information regarding conditions and requirements for defeasance of a series of Notes, see Base Indenture Provisions-Defeasance. 
 
 Governing Law Jury Trial Waiver 
 The Notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The supplemental indenture provides that the parties thereto, and each holder of a Note by its acceptance thereof, irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the indenture, the supplemental indenture, the Notes or any transaction contemplated thereby. 
 
 Information Concerning the Trustee 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is the Trustee under the Indenture for the Notes. The Trustee s affiliate is the registrar and transfer agent for our common stock. . The Trustee s Corporate Trust Office is currently located at 1505 Energy Park Drive, St. Paul, Minnesota 55415, Attention Emerson Electric Co. Administrator. 
 
 Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Pursuant to an agency agreement entered between us, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the transfer agent and registrar, we appointed Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, to act as paying agent in connection with the Notes, and we appointed U.S. Bank National Association to act as transfer agent and registrar for the Notes. 

At the time of the original issuance of the Notes, the paying agent for the Notes, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, maintained its corporate trust paying agent office at 125 Old Broad Street, Fifth Floor, London EC2N 1 AR, United Kingdom, Attention MBS Relationship Management. At the time of the original issuance of the Notes, U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as transfer agent and registrar, maintained its office 100 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005. 
 
 Base Indenture Provisions 
 When we use capitalized terms that we do not define in this section, Base Indenture Provisions, those terms have the meanings given in the Base Indenture. Section references included in this section, Base Indenture Provision, refer to Sections in the Base Indenture. 

Limitations on Liens 
 Under the Indenture, we and our Restricted Subsidiaries (defined below) may not issue any debt for money borrowed, or assume or guarantee any such debt, which is secured by a mortgage on a Principal Property (defined below) or shares of stock or indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary, unless such mortgage similarly secures the debt securities. A Principal Property is any manufacturing plant or manufacturing facility that we or any Restricted Subsidiary owns, located within the continental United States and, in the opinion of our board of directors, is of material importance to our total business that we and our Restricted Subsidiaries conduct, taken as a whole. The above restriction will not apply to debt that is secured by 
 
 mortgages on property, shares of stock or indebtedness of any corporation that exists when it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 mortgages on property that exist when we acquire the property and mortgages that secure payment of the purchase price of and improvements to the mortgaged property 
 
 mortgages that secure debt which a Restricted Subsidiary owes to us or to another Restricted Subsidiary 
 
 mortgages that existed at the date of the Indenture 
 
 mortgages on property of a company that exist when we acquire the company 
 
 mortgages in favor of a government to secure debt that we incur to finance the purchase price or cost of construction of the property that we mortgage or 
 
 extensions, renewals or replacement of any of the mortgages described above. 
 
 A Restricted Subsidiary is a direct or indirect subsidiary of ours if substantially all of its property is located in the continental United States and if it owns any Principal Property (except a subsidiary principally engaged in leasing or in financing installment receivables or overseas operations). 

The Indenture also excepts from this limitation on liens secured debt in an amount up to 10 of our Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. (Section 3.6) 
 
 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 We and our Restricted Subsidiaries may not enter into sale and leaseback transactions involving any Principal Property (except for leases of up to three years, and except for leases between us and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries) unless 
 
 we could issue debt secured by the property involved (under the limitations on liens described above) in an amount equal to the Attributable Debt which would be calculated under the Indenture based on the rental payments to be received, or 

we pay other debt within 90 days in an amount not less than such Attributable Debt amount. (Section 3.7) 
 
 Restrictions on Consolidation, Merger or Sale 
 We may not consolidate or merge or sell or convey all or substantially all of our assets unless (1) we are the surviving corporation, or the surviving corporation (if it is not Emerson) is a domestic (U.S.) corporation and assumes our obligations on your debt securities and under the Indenture and (2) immediately after any such transaction, there is no default. (Section 9.1) 
 
 Defeasance 
 The Indenture includes provisions allowing defeasance that we may choose to apply to debt securities of any series. If we do so, we would irrevocably deposit with the Trustee or another trustee money or U.S. Government Obligations sufficient to make all payments on the defeased debt securities. Our ability to exercise our option to cause a defeasance is conditioned upon (a) no Event of Default, or event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default, occurring, and (b) no breach continuing or occurring as a result of such defeasance. If we make such a deposit with respect to your debt securities, we may elect either 
 
 to be discharged from all our obligations on your debt securities, except for our obligations to register transfers and exchanges, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities, to maintain an office or agency in respect of the debt securities and to hold moneys for payment in trust or 
 
 to be released from our restrictions described above relating to liens and sale leaseback transactions. 
 
 To establish such a trust, we must deliver to the Trustee an opinion of our counsel that the Holders of the debt securities will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such defeasance had not occurred. There may be additional 

provisions relating to defeasance which we will describe in the prospectus supplement. (Sections 12.1 through 12.4) 
 
 Events of Default, Notice and Waiver 
 If certain Events of Default by us specified in the Indenture happen and are continuing, either the Trustee or the Holders of 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the defaulted series may declare the principal, and accrued interest, if any, of all securities of such series to be immediately due and payable. If certain specified Events of Default happen and are continuing, either the Trustee or the Holders of 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series may declare the principal, and accrued interest, if any, of all the outstanding debt securities to be due and payable. (Section 5.1) 
 An Event of Default in respect of any series of debt securities means 
 
 default for 30 days in payment of any interest installment 

default in payment of principal, premium, sinking fund installment or analogous obligation when due 
 
 unless stayed by litigation, default in performance of any other covenant in the Indenture governing such series, for 90 days after notice to us by the Trustee or by the Holders of 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series 
 
 certain events of our bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization and 
 
 any additional events of default described in the prospectus supplement. (Section 5.1) 
 
 Within 90 days after a default in respect of any series of debt securities, the Trustee must give to the Holders of such series notice of all uncured defaults by us known to it. However, except in the case of default in payment, the Trustee may withhold such notice if it in good faith determines that such withholding is in the interest of such Holders. The term default means, for this purpose, the happening of any Event of Default, disregarding any grace period or notice requirement. (Section 5.11) 
 Before the Trustee is required to exercise rights under the Indenture at the request of Holders, it is entitled to receive from such Holders such reasonable indemnity or, in certain cases, security, as it may require, against costs, liabilities and expenses, subject to its duty, during an Event of Default, which has not been cured or waived, to act with the required standard of care. (Sections 6.1 through 6.13) 
 In certain cases, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may, subject to certain limitations, direct the time, method and place of conducting proceedings for remedies available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, in respect of such series. (Section 5.9) 
 The Indenture provides that Holders of debt securities do not have any right to bring suit under the Indenture unless such Holder shall have given to the Trustee written notice of default and unless Holders of 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series shall have made written 

request to the Trustee and offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require, and the Trustee shall have failed for 60 days to institute such suit. (Section 5.6) 
 If an Event of Default occurs, the Trustee will distribute the money it collects in the following order 
 
 First, to the Trustee and its agents and attorneys an amount sufficient to cover their reasonable compensation, costs, expenses, liabilities and advances made. 
 
 Second, in the case the principal of the defaulted series is not yet due and payable, ratably to the persons entitled to payment of interest on the defaulted series in order of the maturity of the installments of such interest, with interest on the overdue installments of interest, or, in the case the principal of the defaulted series is due and payable, ratably, based on the aggregate of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, to persons entitled to payment of principal and interest on the defaulted series, with interest on the overdue principal and overdue installments of interest. 
 
 Third, the remainder to us or any other person entitled to it. (Section 5.3) 
 
 Under the indenture, we must file an annual certificate with the Trustee as to our compliance with conditions and covenants under the Indenture. (Section 3.5) 
 In certain cases, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of a series, on behalf of the Holders of all debt securities of such series, or the Holders of a majority of all outstanding debt securities voting as a single class, on behalf of the Holders of all outstanding debt securities, may waive any past default or Event of Default, or compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture, but may not waive, among other things, an uncured default in payment. (Sections 5.1 and 5.10) 
 
 Modification or Amendment of the Indenture 
 If we receive the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities affected, we may enter into supplemental indentures with the Trustee that would 
 
 add, change or eliminate provisions in the Indenture or 
 
 change the rights of the Holders of debt securities. 
 
 However, unless we receive the consent of all of the affected Holders, we may not enter into supplemental indentures that would with respect to the debt securities of such Holders 
 
 change the maturity 

reduce the principal amount or any premium 
 
 reduce the interest rate or extend the time of payment of interest 
 
 reduce any amount payable on redemption or reduce the amount of the principal of an Original Issue Discount Security that would be payable on acceleration 

impair or affect the right of any Holder to institute suit for payment 
 
 change any right of the Holder to require repayment or 
 
 reduce the requirement for approval of supplemental indentures. (Section 8.2) 
 
 We may also, without consent of the Holders, enter into supplemental indentures with the Trustee that would, among other things 
 
 convey property to the Trustee as security for the debt securities 
 
 evidence the succession of another corporation and provide for assumption of rights and obligation under the Indenture 
 
 add covenants, restrictions and conditions as we and the Trustee shall consider to be for the protection of the Holders of the outstanding debt securities 
 
 add covenants, restrictions and conditions as described under General above 
 
 cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision of the Indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained in the Indenture 
 
 make such other provisions as we may deem necessary or desirable so long as the interests of the Holders are not adversely affected thereby or 
 
 make such other changes to the terms of the debt securities as left to our discretion by the terms of the Indenture. (Section 8.1) 
 
 Removal of Trustee 
 Under certain circumstances, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Securities may remove the Trustee with respect to such series and appoint a successor Trustee for such series, or any Securityholder of at least six months may petition a court for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to a particular series. (Section 6.10) 

</EX-4.D>

<EX-10.O>
 3
 exhibit10ofy24.htm
 EX-10.O

Document 

FISCAL 20__ - 20__ PERFORMANCE SHARES PROGRAM AWARD AGREEMENT 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 PARTICIPANT ParticipantName UNITS AWARDED AwardsGranted AWARD DATE GrantDate PERFORMANCE END DATE Date 
 
 Effective GrantDate , and pursuant to the terms set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, you have been awarded AwardsGranted Performance Shares Units Award in the Fiscal 20__ - 20__ Performance Shares Program Program under the 2015 Incentive Shares Plan (as amended, the Plan ). This Award is made in accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions of the Program and the Plan, certain terms and provisions of which are generally described in the Offering Circular for the Plan and any supplements thereto, and this Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS OF AWARD 
 Performance Period 
 The performance period shall be the three-year (3) period beginning October 1, 20__ and ending September 30, 20__ Performance Period ). 
 
 Scoring Threshold, Target and Maximum (New) 
 The Operating Performance Targets (as defined later in this Agreement) will have thresholds, targets and maximums applied to determine the final scoring. A threshold is the level of performance that must be achieved for a minimum payment (50 at the end of the scoring period Threshold Payment the target is the level of performance that must be achieved at the end of a scoring period for a target (100 payment Target Payment and, the maximum is the level of performance that must be achieved at the end of a scoring period for a maximum (200 payment under the Program Maximum Payment collectively, referred to as Threshold Scoring Threshold Scoring ), as illustrated in the following table. 

Metric 

Wtg. 
 Threshold Scoring as Percent of Target Goals 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 Target Adjusted EPS 
 60 
 0 
 80 
 100 
 120 
 Target FCF 
 40 
 0 
 90 
 100 
 110 
 Payout 
 -- 
 0 
 50 
 100 
 200 

Operating Performance Targets, and Weightings 
 
 The Program Operating Performance Targets are Adjusted Earnings Per Share Target Adjusted EPS and Free Cash Flow Target FCF . Measurement of actual achievement against the Operating Performance Targets will 

Page 2 

be measured annually Annual Target Scoring ). The sum of the weighted Annual Target Scorings will determine the overall Operating Performance Targets achievement over the Performance Period. This calculation determines the Final Operating Payout Percentage . 
 The annual weighted Operating Performance Targets Annual Targets are as follows 

Operating Performance Targets 
 FY 20__ Target - 40 
 FY 20__ Target - 30 
 FY 20__ Target - 30 Target Adjusted EPS (60 (1) 
 
 Target FCF (40 (2) 

To determine the Annual Target Scoring , the actual adjusted EPS (1) , and the actual adjusted FCF (2) at the end of each of the annual periods will be measured against the Annual Targets, subject to Threshold Scoring requirements (3) . The achievement of Target Adjusted EPS will be weighted as 60 of the calculated payout and Target FCF will be weighted 40 . 
 Examples Based on Targets Inserted as Applicable 

(1) Adjusted EPS GAAP EPS excluding 1) restructuring, 2) one-time purchase accounting charges and fees, 3) unusual, extraordinary or one-time non-recurring charges gains, 4) acquired intangible asset amortization, and 5) other items consistent with past practice 
 (2) FCF GAAP Operating Cash Flow, less capital expenditures 
 
 (3) Application of Threshhold Scoring uses straight-line interperlation between Target Payment and Maximum Payment Threshhold Payment to determine final Annual Target Scoring values for each year 
 
 (4) For Illustrative purposes only, final results will be determined by actual results 

Page 3 

Final Operating Payout Percentage will be determined by the actual results, and can range from 0 to 200 . 
 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return Benchmark Modifier 
 The Company s total shareholder return will be measured relative to the S&P 500 Capital Goods Index group of companies CGI Group for the Performance Period (the rTSR ). The Final Operating Payout Percentage will be subject to modification based on the rTSR (the rTSR Modifier as follows 
 1. if rTSR is at or above the 80 th percentile of the CGI Group, the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be increased by 20 points 
 2. if rTSR is at or below the 20 th percentile of the CGI Group, the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be decreased by 20 points 
 3. if rTSR is between the 20 th and 80 th percentile of the CGI group, no increase or decrease to the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be made. 
 
 Final Program Payout Percentage Maximum Payout 
 The Final Operating Payout Percentage after giving effect to the impact of the rTSR Modifier (if any), will determine the Final Program Payout Percentage . The maximum payout percentage of any Award shall not exceed 200 of the Award amount. 
 
 Final Payout Certification Acceptable Payout Adjustments 
 The Compensation Committee of Emerson s Board of Directors will certify the Final Program Payout Percentage based on the achievement of the Operating Performance Targets and the rTSR modifier during the Performance Period. This certification is expected to occur at the Compensation Committee s November meeting following the conclusion of the Performance Period. 
 
 In determining the Final Program Payout Percentage, the actual Adjusted EPS and FCF results may be subject to adjustment only for the following categories of adjustments to the extent such adjustments are significant to the payout and are made with the objective of maintaining the same degree of difficulty in meeting the Operating Performance Targets (collectively, the Acceptable Adjustments (1) acquisitions and divestitures, (2) restructuring charges, (3) tax adjustments (tax reform), (4) goodwill and or asset impairment, (5) foreign currency fluctuations (hyperinflation), (6) debt extinguishments restructuring, (7) legal reserves and or litigation settlements (8) accounting principle changes, (9) impact of pension (settlements curtailment) and or (10) other significant, non-recurring items. 
 
 After application of the Acceptable Adjustments set forth above (if any), the Compensation Committee shall not exercise discretion in determining the Final Program Payout Percentage. 
 
 Total Program Payment 
 The total Program payment following the conclusion of the Performance Period is determined by applying the Compensation Committee certified Final Program Payout Percentage to the Award to establish the Final Earned Units payable under the Program Stock Payment ). An accumulated dividend equivalent cash payment will also be paid on the Final Earned Units Dividend Equivalent Payment ). Dividend equivalents are not paid on unearned units . 

Page 4 

Payment Method Tax Withholding 
 Payments made under the Program are subject to all required statutory tax withholding reporting requirements and any such taxes will be withheld from the payment and reported to the taxing authorities as required by law in effect at the time payment is made. Tax withholding will be applied at the maximum statutory withholding rate per the federal and governing local jurisdiction . The Stock Payment will be delivered in shares of Emerson common stock representing the net after tax withholding value, and no portion of the Stock Payment will be paid directly to the participant in cash. The fair market value of Emerson stock on the Committee certification date is used for tax reporting valuation purposes. The Dividend Equivalent Payment will be paid in cash, net of required tax withholdings as provided above. Payment method tax withholding requirements are subject to local taxation securities regulations and may require compliance modifications. Modifications are permissible only when required to comply with taxation, securities and or other legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
 Fiscal 20 20 Performance Shares Program Participant Obligations 
 
 This Award includes participant obligations and responsibilities, including certain post-employment obligations as set forth in this Agreement, the Plan and or Offering Circular. Please review all documents carefully prior to accepting this Award. 

Participant Obligations and Responsibilities 
 In consideration of this Award, you acknowledge and agree that 
 
 1. The Award and your participation in the Program are subject to and conditioned upon the terms for the Program established by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the Plan, Offering Circular, and this Agreement. As to the subject of this Agreement, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement, the Plan, any other employment or other agreement you have entered into with Emerson (including without limitation its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and or other controlled entities) this Agreement shall control. 
 2. That during your employment by Emerson Electric Co. or any of its divisions, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, Emerson ), and for a period of two (2) years worldwide immediately after your employment with Emerson ends for any reason, including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, you will not directly or indirectly, regardless of whether any payment has been made to you under the Program, (a) compete against, or enter the employ of or assist any person, firm, corporation or other entity in a business that competes against any business of Emerson in which you were at any time employed, (b) compete against any such Emerson business by soliciting or pursuing its customers, or (c) solicit or hire any Emerson employees. Emerson shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including a cancellation of this Award and any other outstanding equity awards and or the return of all shares (including any cash payment in lieu of shares or dividend equivalents paid) issued under this Program or any prior Performance Shares Program or the Plan, damages and injunctive relief. 

Page 5 

3. The Program benefits Emerson s senior level employees who are granted access to Emerson s confidential and proprietary business plans and strategies and to Emerson s confidential and propriety business methods and customer relationships and preferences. You therefore acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson, you have been granted access to Emerson s highly confidential business plans and strategies, which strategies will be implemented in the future. You also acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson that you have been granted access to Emerson s confidential and trade secret methods for conducting its business, as well as confidential information regarding customers and customer preferences. You further acknowledge that competitors of Emerson would obtain unfair insights into Emerson s plans, strategies, and confidential business methods should they obtain access to Emerson s plans, strategies, customer relationships, preferences, and business methodologies and that Emerson would be irreparably harmed should a competitor obtain access to this information. You further acknowledge that Emerson is a global company, competing with other global companies, regarding its products and services and customer relationships and preferences. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly for any purpose other than performance of you duties for Emerson disclose or cause the disclosure of Emerson s trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information, provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency. 
 4. This Award is conditioned upon your compliance with this Agreement and all practices and policies under Emerson s Ethics and Compliance Program, including our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics both incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein, and that your actions will reflect Emerson s Core Value of Integrity. Any violation of our Ethics and Compliance Program will result in the forfeiture of this Award or the repayment of any amounts paid under this Award. 
 5. This Award and Agreement are governed by Missouri law, without regard to any conflicts of law principles thereof, and you consent that jurisdiction to resolve any disputes rests exclusively in the courts in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri or the Circuit Court for the County of St. Louis, and further consent to accept service of process in those courts should a dispute arise. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Offering Circular for the Plan, and any supplements thereto, and accept this Award conditioned upon the terms set forth therein. 

CurrentDate 
 
 Accepted by s ParticipantName 
 Date 

FISCAL 20__ - 20__ PERFORMANCE SHARES PROGRAM RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 PARTICIPANT ParticipantName UNITS AWARDED AwardsGranted AWARD DATE GrantDate FINAL VESTING DATE LastVestDate 
 Your participation in the above Restricted Stock Units Program was approved on the referenced Award date, as follows 
 
 TERMS OF AWARD 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 
 1. You are awarded RSUs in the amount and on the date referenced above respectively as Units Awarded and Award Date . 
 
 2. Subject to the terms and conditions of the award, including but not limited to, your continued employment through the actual payment date, the RSUs will vest ratably over a three (3) year restriction period, as indicated below Ratable Vesting Dates 
 
 1 3 of the units awarded one year following Award Date 
 1 3 of the units awarded two years following Award Date 
 Balance of the units awarded on the Final Vesting Date 
 
 3. On each of the Ratable Vesting Dates, you will receive Emerson common stock for the vested portion of your Units Awarded, Stock Payment ), less required tax withholdings. Modifications to the form of payment are only permissible when required to comply with taxation, securities and or other legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
 4. On each of the Ratable Vesting Dates, you will also receive an accumulated dividend equivalent cash payment on the vested portion of the Units Awarded Dividend Equivalent Payment ). The Dividend Equivalent Payment will be determined from the Award Date through the applicable Ratable Vesting Date for the vested portion of the Units Awarded. 
 
 5. The Stock Payments and the Dividend Equivalent Payments are subject to all required tax withholdings in effect at the time of the respective payment date and will be satisfied by withholding shares and or cash from the respective payment. 
 
 6. Restricted Stock Units are issued under authority and governed by the terms of the shareholder approved Emerson Electric Co. - 2015 Incentive Shares Plan (as amended, the Plan (the Plan and Offering Circular are attached). 

Page 2 

Fiscal 20 20 Performance Shares Restricted Stock Units Program Participant Obligations 
 
 This Award includes participant obligations and responsibilities, including certain post-employment obligations as set forth in this Agreement, the Plan and or Offering Circular. Please review all documents carefully prior to accepting this Award. 
 
 Participant Obligations and Responsibilities 
 
 Pursuant to the terms set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration of the foregoing and as a condition of this award, you agree to the following 
 1. The Award and your participation in the Program are subject to and conditioned upon the terms for the Program established by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the Plan, Offering Circular, and this Agreement. As to the subject of this Agreement, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement, the Plan, any other employment or other agreement you have entered into with Emerson (including without limitation its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and or other controlled entities) this Agreement shall control. 
 2. That during your employment by Emerson Electric Co. or any of its divisions, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, Emerson ), and for a period of two (2) years worldwide immediately after your employment with Emerson ends for any reason, including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, you will not directly or indirectly, regardless of whether any payment has been made to you under the Program, (a) compete against, or enter the employ of or assist any person, firm, corporation or other entity in a business that competes against any business of Emerson in which you were at any time employed, (b) compete against any such Emerson business by soliciting or pursuing its customers, or (c) solicit or hire any Emerson employees. Emerson shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including a cancellation of this Award and any other outstanding equity awards and or the return of all shares (including any cash payment in lieu of shares or dividend equivalents paid) issued under this Program or any prior Performance Shares Program or the Plan, damages, and injunctive relief. 
 3. The Program benefits Emerson s senior level employees who are granted access to Emerson s confidential and proprietary business plans and strategies and to Emerson s confidential and propriety business methods and customer relationships and preferences. You therefore acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson, you have been granted access to Emerson s highly confidential business plans and strategies, which strategies will be implemented in the future. You also acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson that you have been granted access to Emerson s confidential and trade secret methods for conducting its business, as well as confidential information regarding customers and customer preferences. You further acknowledge that competitors of Emerson would obtain unfair insights into Emerson s plans, strategies, and confidential business methods should they obtain access to Emerson s plans, strategies, customer relationships, preferences, and business methodologies and that Emerson would be irreparably harmed should a competitor obtain access to this information. You further acknowledge that Emerson is a global company, competing with other global companies, regarding its products and services and customer relationships and preferences. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly for any purpose other than performance of your duties for Emerson disclose or cause the disclosure of Emerson s trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information, provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and 

Page 3 

Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency. 
 4. This Award is conditioned upon your compliance with this Agreement and all practices and policies under Emerson s Ethics and Compliance Program, including our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics, both incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein, and that your actions will reflect Emerson s Core Value of Integrity. Any violation of our Ethics and Compliance Program will result in the forfeiture of this Award or the repayment of any amounts paid under this Award. 
 5. This Award and Agreement are governed by Missouri law, without regard to any conflicts of law principles thereof, and you consent that jurisdiction to resolve any disputes rests exclusively in the courts in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri or the Circuit Court for the County of St. Louis, and further consent to accept service of process in those courts should a dispute arise. 
 You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Offering Circular for the Plan, and any supplements thereto, and accept this Award conditioned upon the terms set forth therein. 

s ParticipantName CurrentDate 
 ______________________________________________ __________________________________ 

</EX-10.O>

<EX-10.X>
 4
 exhibit10xfy24.htm
 EX-10.X

Document 

FISCAL 20__ - 20__ PERFORMANCE SHARES PROGRAM AWARD AGREEMENT 
 PARTICIPANT ParticipantName UNITS AWARDED AwardsGranted AWARD DATE GrantDate PERFORMANCE END DATE Date 
 
 Effective GrantDate , and pursuant to the terms set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, you have been awarded AwardsGranted Performance Shares Units Award in the Fiscal 20__ - 20__ Performance Shares Program Program under the 2024 Incentive Shares Plan (as amended, the Plan ). This Award is made in accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions of the Program and the Plan, certain terms and provisions of which are generally described in the Offering Circular for the Plan and any supplements thereto, and this Award Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS OF AWARD 
 Performance Period 
 The performance period shall be the three-year (3) period beginning October 1, 20__ and ending September 30, 20__ Performance Period ). 
 
 Scoring Threshold, Target and Maximum (New) 
 The Operating Performance Targets (as defined later in this Agreement) will have thresholds, targets and maximums applied to determine the final scoring. A threshold is the level of performance that must be acheived for a minimum payment (50 at the end of the scoring period Threshold Payment the target is the level of performance that must be achieved at the end of a scoring period for a target (100 payment Target Payment and, the maximum is the level of performance that must be achieved at the end of a scoring period for a maximum (200 payment under the Program Maximum Payment collectively, referred to as Threshold Scoring Threshold Scoring ), as illustrated in the following table. 

Metric 

Wtg. 
 Threshold Scoring as Percent of Target Goals 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Threshold 
 
 Target 
 
 Maximum 
 Target Adjusted EPS 
 60 
 0 
 80 
 100 
 120 
 Target FCF 
 40 
 0 
 90 
 100 
 110 
 Payout 
 -- 
 0 
 50 
 100 
 200 

Operating Performance Targets, and Weightings 

Page 2 

The Program Operating Performance Targets are Adjusted Earnings Per Share Target Adjusted EPS and Free Cash Flow Target FCF . Measurement of actual achievement against the Operating Performance Targets will be measured annually Annual Target Scoring ). The sum of the weighted Annual Target Scorings will determine the overall Operating Performance Targets achievement over the Performance Period. This calculation determines the Final Operating Payout Percentage .The annual weighted Operating Performance Targets Annual Targets are as follows 

Operating Performance Targets 
 FY 20__ Target - 40 
 FY 20__ Target - 30 
 FY 20__ Target - 30 Target Adjusted EPS (60 (1) 
 
 Target FCF (40 (2) 

To determine the Annual Target Scoring , the actual adjusted EPS (1) , and the actual adjusted FCF (2) at the end of each of the annual periods will be measured against the Annual Targets, subject to Threshold Scoring requirements (3) . The achievement of Target Adjusted EPS will be weighted as 60 of the calculated payout and Target FCF will be weighted 40 . 
 Examples Based on Targets Inserted as Applicable 

(1) Adjusted EPS GAAP EPS excluding 1) restructuring, 2) one-time purchase accounting charges and fees, 3) unusual, extraordinary or one-time non-recurring charges gains, 4) acquired intangible asset amortization, and 5) other items consistent with past practice 
 (2) FCF GAAP Operating Cash Flow, less capital expenditures 
 
 (3) Application of Threshhold Scoring uses straight-line interperlation between Target Payment and Maximum Payment Threshhold Payment to determine final Annual Target Scoring values for each year 
 
 (4) For Illustrative purposes only, final results will be determined by actual results 

Page 3 

Final Operating Payout Percentage will be determined by the actual results, and can range from 0 to 200 . 
 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return Benchmark Modifier 
 The Company s total shareholder return will be measured relative to the S&P 500 Capital Goods Index group of companies CGI Group for the Performance Period (the rTSR ). The Final Operating Payout Percentage will be subject to modification based on the rTSR (the rTSR Modifier as follows 
 1. if rTSR is at or above the 80 th percentile of the CGI Group, the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be increased by 20 points 
 2. if rTSR is at or below the 20 th percentile of the CGI Group, the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be decreased by 20 points 
 3. if rTSR is between the 20 th and 80 th percentile of the CGI group, no increase or decrease to the Final Operating Payout Percentage will be made. 
 
 Final Program Payout Percentage Maximum Payout 
 The Final Operating Payout Percentage after giving effect to the impact of the rTSR Modifier (if any), will determine the Final Program Payout Percentage . The maximum payout percentage of any Award shall not exceed 200 of the Award amount. 
 
 Final Payout Certification Acceptable Payout Adjustments 
 The Compensation Committee of Emerson s Board of Directors will certify the Final Program Payout Percentage based on the achievement of the Operating Performance Targets and the rTSR modifier during the Performance Period. This certification is expected to occur at the Compensation Committee s November meeting following the conclusion of the Performance Period. 
 
 In determining the Final Program Payout Percentage, the actual Adjusted EPS and FCF results may be subject to adjustment only for the following categories of adjustments to the extent such adjustments are significant to the payout and are made with the objective of maintaining the same degree of difficulty in meeting the Operating Performance Targets (collectively, the Acceptable Adjustments (1) acquisitions and divestitures, (2) restructuring charges, (3) tax adjustments (tax reform), (4) goodwill and or asset impairment, (5) foreign currency fluctuations (hyperinflation), (6) debt extinguishments restructuring, (7) legal reserves and or litigation settlements (8) accounting principle changes, (9) impact of pension (settlements curtailment) and or (10) other significant, non-recurring items. 
 
 After application of the Acceptable Adjustments set forth above (if any), the Compensation Committee shall not exercise discretion in determining the Final Program Payout Percentage. 
 
 Total Program Payment 
 The total Program payment following the conclusion of the Performance Period is determined by applying the Compensation Committee certified Final Program Payout Percentage to the Award to establish the Final Earned Units payable under the Program Stock Payment ). An accumulated dividend equivalent cash payment will also be paid on the Final Earned Units Dividend Equivalent Payment ). Dividend equivalents are not paid on unearned units . 

Page 4 

Payment Method Tax Withholding 
 Payments made under the Program are subject to all required statutory tax withholding reporting requirements and any such taxes will be withheld from the payment and reported to the taxing authorities as required by law in effect at the time payment is made. Tax withholding will be applied at the maximum statutory withholding rate per the federal and governing local jurisdiction . The Stock Payment will be delivered in shares of Emerson common stock representing the net after tax withholding value, and no portion of the Stock Payment will be paid directly to the participant in cash. The fair market value of Emerson stock on the Committee certification date is used for tax reporting valuation purposes. The Dividend Equivalent Payment will be paid in cash, net of required tax withholdings as provided above. Payment method tax withholding requirements are subject to local taxation securities regulations and may require compliance modifications. Modifications are permissible only when required to comply with taxation, securities and or other legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
 Fiscal 20 20 Performance Shares Program Participant Obligations 
 
 This Award includes participant obligations and responsibilities, including certain post-employment obligations as set forth in this Agreement, the Plan and or Offering Circular. Please review all documents carefully prior to accepting this Award. 

Participant Obligations and Responsibilities 
 In consideration of this Award, you acknowledge and agree that 
 
 1. The Award and your participation in the Program are subject to and conditioned upon the terms for the Program established by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the Plan, Offering Circular, and this Agreement. As to the subject of this Agreement, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement, the Plan, any other employment or other agreement you have entered into with Emerson (including without limitation its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and or other controlled entities) this Agreement shall control. 
 2. That during your employment by Emerson Electric Co. or any of its divisions, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, Emerson ), and for a period of two (2) years worldwide immediately after your employment with Emerson ends for any reason, including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, you will not directly or indirectly, regardless of whether any payment has been made to you under the Program, (a) compete against, or enter the employ of or assist any person, firm, corporation or other entity in a business that competes against any business of Emerson in which you were at any time employed, (b) compete against any such Emerson business by soliciting or pursuing its customers, or (c) solicit or hire any Emerson employees. Emerson shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including a cancellation of this Award and any other outstanding equity awards and or the return of all shares (including any cash payment in lieu of shares or dividend equivalents paid) issued under this Program or any prior Performance Shares Program or the Plan, damages and injunctive relief. 

Page 5 

3. The Program benefits Emerson s senior level employees who are granted access to Emerson s confidential and proprietary business plans and strategies and to Emerson s confidential and propriety business methods and customer relationships and preferences. You therefore acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson, you have been granted access to Emerson s highly confidential business plans and strategies, which strategies will be implemented in the future. You also acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson that you have been granted access to Emerson s confidential and trade secret methods for conducting its business, as well as confidential information regarding customers and customer preferences. You further acknowledge that competitors of Emerson would obtain unfair insights into Emerson s plans, strategies, and confidential business methods should they obtain access to Emerson s plans, strategies, customer relationships, preferences, and business methodologies and that Emerson would be irreparably harmed should a competitor obtain access to this information. You further acknowledge that Emerson is a global company, competing with other global companies, regarding its products and services and customer relationships and preferences. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly for any purpose other than performance of you duties for Emerson disclose or cause the disclosure of Emerson s trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information, provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency. 
 4. This Award is conditioned upon your compliance with this Agreement and all practices and policies under Emerson s Ethics and Compliance Program, including our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics both incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein, and that your actions will reflect Emerson s Core Value of Integrity. Any violation of our Ethics and Compliance Program will result in the forfeiture of this Award or the repayment of any amounts paid under this Award. 
 5. This Award and Agreement are governed by Missouri law, without regard to any conflicts of law principles thereof, and you consent that jurisdiction to resolve any disputes rests exclusively in the courts in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri or the Circuit Court for the County of St. Louis, and further consent to accept service of process in those courts should a dispute arise. 
 
 You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Offering Circular for the Plan, and any supplements thereto, and accept this Award conditioned upon the terms set forth therein. 

CurrentDate 
 
 Accepted by s ParticipantName 
 Date 

FISCAL 20__ - 20__ PERFORMANCE SHARES PROGRAM RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 PARTICIPANT ParticipantName UNITS AWARDED AwardsGranted AWARD DATE GrantDate FINAL VESTING DATE LastVestDate 
 
 Your participation in the above Restricted Stock Units Program was approved on the referenced Award date, as follows 
 
 TERMS OF AWARD 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 
 1. You are awarded RSUs in the amount and on the date referenced above respectively as Units Awarded and Award Date . 
 
 2. Subject to the terms and conditions of the award, including but not limited to, your continued employment through the actual payment date, the RSUs will vest ratably over a three (3) year restriction period, as indicated below Ratable Vesting Dates 
 
 1 3 of the units awarded one year following Award Date 
 1 3 of the units awarded two years following Award Date 
 Balance of the units awarded on the Final Vesting Date 
 
 3. On each of the Ratable Vesting Dates, you will receive Emerson common stock for the vested portion of your Units Awarded, Stock Payment ), less required tax withholdings. Modifications to the form of payment are only permissible when required to comply with taxation, securities and or other legal or regulatory requirements. 
 
 4. On each of the Ratable Vesting Dates, you will also receive an accumulated dividend equivalent cash payment on the vested portion of the Units Awarded Dividend Equivalent Payment ). The Dividend Equivalent Payment will be determined from the Award Date through the applicable Ratable Vesting Date for the vested portion of the Units Awarded. 
 
 5. The Stock Payments and the Dividend Equivalent Payments are subject to all required tax withholdings in effect at the time of the respective payment date and will be satisfied by withholding shares and or cash from the respective payment. 
 
 6. Restricted Stock Units are issued under authority and governed by the terms of the shareholder approved Emerson Electric Co. - 2024 Incentive Shares Plan (as amended, the Plan (the Plan and Offering Circular are attached). 

Page 2 

Fiscal 20 20 Performance Shares Restricted Stock Units Program Participant Obligations 
 
 This Award includes participant obligations and responsibilities, including certain post-employment obligations as set forth in this Agreement, the Plan and or Offering Circular. Please review all documents carefully prior to accepting this Award. 
 
 Participant Obligations and Responsibilities 
 
 Pursuant to the terms set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration of the foregoing and as a condition of this award, you agree to the following 
 1. The Award and your participation in the Program are subject to and conditioned upon the terms for the Program established by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the Plan, Offering Circular, and this Agreement. As to the subject of this Agreement, in the event of a conflict between this Agreement, the Plan, any other employment or other agreement you have entered into with Emerson (including without limitation its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and or other controlled entities) this Agreement shall control. 
 2. That during your employment by Emerson Electric Co. or any of its divisions, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, Emerson ), and for a period of two (2) years worldwide immediately after your employment with Emerson ends for any reason, including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, you will not directly or indirectly, regardless of whether any payment has been made to you under the Program, (a) compete against, or enter the employ of or assist any person, firm, corporation or other entity in a business that competes against any business of Emerson in which you were at any time employed, (b) compete against any such Emerson business by soliciting or pursuing its customers, or (c) solicit or hire any Emerson employees. Emerson shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including a cancellation of this Award and any other outstanding equity awards and or the return of all shares (including any cash payment in lieu of shares or dividend equivalents paid) issued under this Program or any prior Performance Shares Program or the Plan, damages, and injunctive relief. 
 3. The Program benefits Emerson s senior level employees who are granted access to Emerson s confidential and proprietary business plans and strategies and to Emerson s confidential and propriety business methods and customer relationships and preferences. You therefore acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson, you have been granted access to Emerson s highly confidential business plans and strategies, which strategies will be implemented in the future. You also acknowledge that by virtue of your position and responsibilities within Emerson that you have been granted access to Emerson s confidential and trade secret methods for conducting its business, as well as confidential information regarding customers and customer preferences. You further acknowledge that competitors of Emerson would obtain unfair insights into Emerson s plans, strategies, and confidential business methods should they obtain access to Emerson s plans, strategies, customer relationships, preferences, and business methodologies and that Emerson would be irreparably harmed should a competitor obtain access to this information. You further acknowledge that Emerson is a global company, competing with other global companies, regarding its products and services and customer relationships and preferences. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly for any purpose other than performance of your duties for Emerson disclose or cause the disclosure of Emerson s trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information, provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and 

Page 3 

Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental regulatory or law enforcement agency. 
 4. This Award is conditioned upon your compliance with this Agreement and all practices and policies under Emerson s Ethics and Compliance Program, including our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics, both incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein, and that your actions will reflect Emerson s Core Value of Integrity. Any violation of our Ethics and Compliance Program will result in the forfeiture of this Award or the repayment of any amounts paid under this Award. 
 5. This Award and Agreement are governed by Missouri law, without regard to any conflicts of law principles thereof, and you consent that jurisdiction to resolve any disputes rests exclusively in the courts in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri or the Circuit Court for the County of St. Louis, and further consent to accept service of process in those courts should a dispute arise. 
 You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the terms of this Agreement, the Plan and the Offering Circular for the Plan, and any supplements thereto, and accept this Award conditioned upon the terms set forth therein. 

s ParticipantName CurrentDate 
 ____________________________________________ ________________________________________ 

EMERSON ELECTRIC CO. 
 
 TO ParticipantName 
 FROM Executive Compensation 
 DATE GrantDate 
 FILE 2024 Incentive Shares Plan (the Plan 
 RE Award of Restricted Shares 
 
 The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the Committee on GrantDate awarded to you AwardsGranted Restricted Shares Shares under the terms of our 2024 Incentive Shares Plan (the Plan ). This award is subject to all the terms of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which has been delivered to you and is described in the offering circular relating to Plan, as amended or supplemented. The Restriction Period applicable to these Shares will expire on LastVestDate . Following the expiration of the Restriction Period these shares will vest in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement. 
 
 The following are additional terms, conditions and provisions applicable to this award 
 
 1. Your rights in regard to these Shares are not vested, and you understand and agree, by your signature to this agreement, that your entire interest in these Shares may be forfeited if you fail to remain in the employ of Emerson Electric Co. Emerson Electric or any of its divisions, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, Emerson for the full term of the Restriction Period, or in the event you fail to abide by any of the terms or conditions attached to this award or set out in the Plan or in this Agreement. 
 
 2. Specifically, the Shares shall not vest until the expiration of the Restriction Period and shall be wholly forfeited in the event of your resignation or discharge or you otherwise fail to remain so employed, including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, prior to such time provided, however, in the event of any termination on account of death or any disability which in the determination of the Committee prevents your continued employment by Emerson, the award of Shares will be prorated for your period of service during the Restriction Period and, provided you are not otherwise in default hereunder, you or your estate will receive such prorated number of Shares free of any restriction provided further, however, in the event of a termination of your employment 

Restricted Stock - Award Agreement 

prior to the expiration of the Restriction Period, other than on account of your death or disability, the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may make such pro rata or other payment (or no payment) as it may determine. 
 
 3. During the Restriction Period the Shares will be evidenced by a certificate issued in your name, but such certificate will not be delivered to you and shall be held by Emerson until the expiration of the Restriction Period or until earlier forfeiture. During the Restriction Period (and prior to any forfeiture), your rights in respect of the Shares shall be as follows. 
 (1) You will be entitled to receive cash dividends when paid on the Shares, and you will be entitled to vote the Shares. 
 (2) During the Restriction Period you shall not be entitled to delivery of any stock certificate evidencing the Shares. 
 (iii) The certificates for the Shares may have imprinted thereon such restrictive legends, and such stop-transfer orders, dividend payment orders and such other orders as may be given in respect thereof by the Committee as it may determine in its sole discretion. 
 (4) During the Restriction Period you may not sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any of the Shares. 
 (5) Stock dividends paid or any other property distribution made on the Shares shall not be paid or delivered to you but shall be held by Emerson on the same terms as the Shares on which they were paid provided, however, the Committee in its discretion may direct the payment of any such stock dividends or other property directly to you, free of the restriction imposed by this Agreement. 
 
 4. You understand that this award is confidential and that the dissemination of any information concerning the fact of this award or of any information relating to this award to any person or persons within or without Emerson (including its officers and any of your superiors or subordinates) may be injurious to the interests of Emerson. Accordingly, you agree that you will maintain in confidence and will reveal to no one the fact that you have received this award or any information concerning this award, except as you may be required by law to make any such disclosure. You further agree that any breach of this agreement of confidentiality (before or after the Restriction 
 
 2 

Restricted Stock - Award Agreement 

Period) will constitute good cause for the termination of your employment by Emerson. You further understand that if such breach occurs during the Restriction Period applicable to the Shares, Emerson may cause your right to such Shares to be forfeited forthwith. 
 
 5. By your acceptance of this award you agree that should your employment with Emerson end for any reason (either during or after the Restriction Period), including by reason of divestiture or spin-off, you will not directly or indirectly, for a period of two years immediately following your last day of employment with Emerson, (a) compete against, or enter the employ of or assist any person, firm, corporation or other entity in a business that competes against, any business of Emerson in which you were employed, (b) compete against any such Emerson business by soliciting or pursuing its customers, or (c) solicit or hire any Emerson employees. Emerson shall be entitled to all rights and remedies available at law or equity for any breach or threatened breach pertaining to this Agreement, including a return of all Shares issued, damages and injunctive relief. 
 
 6. This Award is conditioned upon your compliance with all practices and policies under Emerson s Ethics and Compliance Program, including our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics, and that your actions will reflect Emerson s Core Value of Integrity. Any violation of our Ethics and Compliance Program may result in the forfeiture of this Award or the repayment of any amounts paid under this Award. 
 
 7. At the end of the Restriction Period, the Shares which have not been forfeited, together with any cash held on account of dividends on such Shares, shall be delivered to you, except that Emerson shall withhold sufficient Shares and cash to enable it to satisfy its federal, state and local tax withholding obligations. 
 
 8. You acknowledge and agree that this award has been granted to you pursuant to a determination made by the Committee, and such Committee or any successor or substitute committee authorized by the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors itself, subject to the express terms of this award, shall have plenary authority to interpret any provision of this award and to make any determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this award, and may waive or amend any provisions hereof in any manner not adversely affecting the rights granted to you by the express terms hereof. 

3 

Restricted Stock - Award Agreement 

9. This Agreement shall be deemed executed and delivered by you in the City or County of St. Louis, Missouri and shall be governed by Missouri law without regard to conflicts of laws principles. You consent to resolve any disputes exclusively in the state or Federal courts in the state of Missouri. 
 
 Counsel for Emerson has advised that in the opinion of such counsel, 
 (1) The receipt of this award does not constitute taxable income to you. Any cash dividends which are paid to you on the Shares will constitute taxable income to you when received. At such time as the restrictions on the Shares are released or satisfied and your right to the Shares becomes non-forfeitable, you will have taxable income in an amount equal to the then fair market value of the Shares. 
 (2) If you are a director or officer of Emerson Electric subject to the requirement of filing reports under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, upon changes in your beneficial ownership of shares of Emerson Electric's Common Stock, you must report the award of Restricted Shares on Form 4, Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership, not later than two (2) business days after the date of the award. 
 This award agreement is dated GrantDate , has been executed and delivered by the parties hereto in St. Louis City or County, State of Missouri. 

Emerson Electric Co. 
 __________________________________ 

4 

Restricted Stock - Award Agreement 

Acknowledgment 
 
 The undersigned, ParticipantName , grantee of the award of Shares pursuant to this Agreement, hereby accepts said award on the terms, conditions and provisions contained in the Plan and in this Agreement. The undersigned acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and understands that his rights in respect of the Shares may be forfeited as provided in the Plan and in this Agreement. 
 Dated CurrentDate s ParticipantName Awardee 
 _______________________________ ____________________________________________ 
 
 5 

</EX-10.X>

<EX-19>
 5
 exhibit19fy24.htm
 EX-19

Document 

Exhibit 19 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 I. PURPOSE 
 To promote compliance with the prohibitions against Insider Trading under federal securities laws. Such laws impose severe sanctions on persons who violate them, including criminal and civil liability. In addition, the SEC may penalize the Company and its directors and executive officers if its employees engage in Insider Trading and the Company has failed to take appropriate steps to prevent it. 
 II. SCOPE 
 A. COVERED PERSONS 
 
 This Policy applies to 
 
 1. Directors 
 2. Employees 
 3. Consultants to the Company with access to material nonpublic information and 
 4. Any other individuals designated by the Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel. Covered Persons ). 
 B. COVERED TRANSACTIONS 
 Transactions in Company securities covered by this Policy include (i) purchases, (ii) sales, (iii) puts and calls, (iv) exercises of employee stock options, (v) discretionary transactions in Emerson stock held in qualified profit-sharing and savings plans, such as ESIP, (vi) discretionary transactions in non-qualified supplemental savings or profit-sharing plans or arrangements, (vii) discretionary transactions in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) (but regular payroll deduction contributions to these plans, and regular reinvestment of dividends under the DRIP, are not affected), (viii) gifts, (ix) donations, (x) pledging, (xi) hedging, (xii) short sales, (xiii) short-term trading, and (xiv) all transfers of Company securities not specifically exempted by the terms of this Policy. 
 C. EARNINGS BLACKOUT PERIODS 
 The provisions of this Policy covering Earnings Blackout Periods apply to 
 1. Directors 
 2. Executive officers (for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) 
 3. Corporate officers 
 4. Any employee with access to the Company s consolidated financial results while it is nonpublic information 
 5. Any person whose duties include administrative support for the persons mentioned above and 

6. Any other individuals designated by the Company s CEO, Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel. 
 III. FORMS 
 None 
 IV. DEFINITIONS 
 A. INSIDER TRADING Purchases or sales of Company securities while aware of or in possession of material nonpublic information concerning the Company or tipping or disclosing material nonpublic information to others who might trade on the basis of that information. 
 B. MATERIAL INFORMATION Information should be regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important when deciding to buy, hold or sell a security. Any information that could reasonably affect the price of the security is material. Any such information, whether it is positive or negative, favorable or unfavorable, should be considered material. There is no bright-line test for assessing materiality rather, materiality is based on an assessment of all the facts and circumstances. 
 There are various categories of nonpublic information that are particularly sensitive and, generally, should always be presumed to be material. Examples of such nonpublic information include, but are not limited to 
 1. Actual financial results prior to public release 
 2. Earnings guidance, outlook, sales or profit projections, or changes thereto 
 3. Significant acquisitions, dispositions, mergers or transactions 
 4. Significant business developments, such as restructurings, large contracts or product developments 
 5. Bank borrowings, financing transactions or liquidity issues outside the Company s ordinary course of business 
 6. Events regarding the Company s securities (such as repurchase plans, stock splits, significant increases or decreases in dividends, changes to the rights of shareholders, or public or private sales of new equity or debt securities) 
 7. Significant pending or threatened government investigations or significant litigation 
 8. A significant cybersecurity incident, such as a data breach, or any other significant disruption in the Company s operations or loss, potential loss, breach or unauthorized access of its property or assets, whether at its facilities or through its information technology infrastructure 
 9. Key management changes and 
 10. A change in auditors or notification that an auditor s reports may no longer be relied upon. 

In evaluating whether any information is material, please remember that someone else (including the SEC) will be viewing a securities transaction made by you with the benefit of 20 20 hindsight. If in doubt, you should assume that the information is material or consult with the General Counsel. 
 C. NONPUBLIC INFORMATION Nonpublic information is generally considered to be information that has not been previously disclosed or made available to the general public. You should presume that information is nonpublic unless it has been widely disseminated (i.e., you can point to its official release or disclosure by the Company in a press release, an SEC filing, or other widely available source of information such as a pre-announced earnings conference call or investor conference that is available by webcast on the Company s website). 
 Information would not be widely disseminated if it is available only to the Company s employees. Information is not necessarily public merely because it has been discussed in the press, which will sometimes report rumors, or because it has been covered in a speech to an audience, an interview, a website posting, or an article in a magazine. 
 Once information is widely disseminated, it is still necessary to afford the investing public with sufficient time to absorb and react to the information. Information will generally be considered to be fully absorbed one complete business day after the information is released. 
 V. RESPONSIBILITY 
 A. PROHIBITION ON TRADING WHILE AWARE OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION AND TIPPING No Covered Person may, while he or she is aware of or in possession of any material nonpublic information relating to the Company, directly or indirectly, through family members or other persons or entities 
 1. Engage in a transaction involving a purchase or sale (or offer to purchase or sell) in any securities of the Company 
 2. Recommend the purchase or sale of any Company securities or 
 3. Disclose material nonpublic information to any person if it is reasonably foreseeable that such person may use that information in purchasing or selling Company securities. 
 Covered Persons are responsible for the transactions of family members who reside with a Covered Person (including a spouse and children at home or away at college), anyone else who lives in a Covered Person s household, any person financially dependent on a Covered Person, and all corporations, partnerships, trusts or other entities owned, influenced or controlled by any Covered Person Related Parties ). Covered Persons should make Related Parties aware of the need to confer with the Covered Person before they trade in Company securities, and a Covered Person should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if the transactions were for the account of the Covered Person. 
 B. APPLICABILITY TO OTHER COMPANIES This Policy also applies to purchases or sales of securities or the disclosure of material nonpublic information relating to any other company (including customers, suppliers, business partners and entities with which the Company is engaged, or is proposing to engage, in a corporate transaction such as a 

merger or joint venture) if a Covered Person obtains material nonpublic information about such company in the course of service to Emerson. 
 C. TENDER OFFERS A Covered Person is prohibited from trading in securities in connection with a planned or ongoing tender offer if such Covered Person has material nonpublic information about the tender offer and knows or suspects that the information may have come directly or indirectly from the target or bidder. Such information may not be tipped to anyone else. 
 D. POST EMPLOYMENT If a Covered Person is aware or in possession of material non-public information when his or her employment terminates, that individual may not trade in Company securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 E. PERMITTED TRANSACTIONS The following routine transactions, within the limits described, are not subject to the restrictions on trading in this Policy, although the Company reserves the right to prohibit any transactions as it, in its sole discretion, deems necessary. 
 1. The vesting or settlement of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance shares, or the withholding or sale of stock back to the Company to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon vesting (the Policy does apply to any open market sale of stock received upon such vesting) 
 2. Acquisitions or dispositions of Company common stock under the Company s profit-sharing and savings plans that are made pursuant to standing instructions not entered into or modified during a blackout period 
 3. Transfers of shares from a transfer agent account or brokerage account to an identically titled brokerage account with identical share ownership rights 
 4. Purchases or sales made pursuant to a Trading Plan that satisfies the requirements of the Section titled Rule 10B5-1 Trading Plans (below) and 
 5. Purchases of securities from the Company or sales of securities to the Company. 
 F. RULE 10B-5-1 TRADING PLANS Subject to the General Counsel s prior approval, Covered Persons may design, adopt and enter into written trading plans Trading Plans as contemplated by Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A Trading Plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 may permit the insider to trade in Company securities during a period in which he or she would otherwise be prohibited from trading by this Policy. A Trading Plan may only be adopted and put in place outside of a blackout period and when the adopting person is not in possession or aware of material nonpublic information. 
 VI. BLACKOUT PERIODS AND PRECLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS 
 A. EARNINGS BLACKOUTS No person covered by Section II, SCOPE item C may engage in transactions involving Company securities during the following time periods (each, an Earnings Blackout Period 
 1. The period from the 1st day of the month following the end of a fiscal quarter (Jan. 1, April 1, July 1, Oct. 1) until one complete business day after the filing of the Company s earnings release for that quarter (typically between 30 and 40 days 

after quarter end). Earnings releases appear on Emerson s website, www.Emerson.com, Investor Relations , Financial Releases or 
 2. During such other periods as may be established from time to time by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, General Counsel or the Chief Financial Officer considering events or developments affecting the Company. 
 When deemed necessary or appropriate, senior management may begin the Earnings Blackout Period earlier, extend it, apply it to a different group of persons or otherwise modify it. In addition, no person covered by Section II, SCOPE item C shall inform a person not covered by Section VI that a blackout period imposed because of events or developments is in effect. 
 B. EVENT SPECIFIC BLACKOUT PERIODS From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known only by certain persons. Senior management may in such instance notify such persons that so long as the event remains material and non-public, such persons may not trade Company securities. The existence of an event-specific blackout period or an early beginning to the blackout period will not be announced to the Company as a whole and should not be communicated to any other person. 
 C. PRECLEARANCE TO TRADE, GIFT OR TRANSFER Directors, executive officers, corporate officers and all other officers covered by earnings blackouts that wish to trade, gift (including, for example, charitable donations and gifts to family members) or otherwise transfer Emerson securities outside the blackout period must also obtain the advance permission (in writing e-mail) of the Company s CFO and General Counsel. Approval by both the CFO and the General Counsel is required. 
 Before requesting pre-clearance, the requestor must carefully consider whether he or she may be in possession or aware of material nonpublic information about the Company. If a pre-clearance request is denied, the requestor must refrain from initiating any transaction in Company securities, and not inform any other person of the denial. Transactions that are pre-cleared must be effected within three business days of receipt of pre-clearance and, in all cases, prior to the beginning of the next blackout period, unless an exception is granted. If not effected within this time period, the transactions must be re-submitted for pre-clearance. 
 Even if you receive pre-clearance and it is outside a blackout period, the general prohibition against trading and disclosing still applies if you are aware of or in possession of material nonpublic information. The blackout policy and preclearance procedures are in addition to the general Insider Trading prohibitions and are not a substitute therefor. 
 VII. PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING BY OTHERS 
 The Company, its directors and officers and some supervisory personnel could be deemed controlling persons subject to potential liability under the securities laws. Accordingly, it is incumbent on these persons to maintain an awareness of possible Insider Trading violations by persons under their control and to take measures where appropriate to prevent such violations. Directors, officers and other supervisory personnel who become aware of a potential Insider Trading violation or a violation of this policy should immediately advise senior management and should take steps where appropriate to prevent persons under their supervision from using inside information for trading purposes. 

VIII. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 
 A. PLEDGING Directors and elected corporate officers must comply with the Company s Share Pledging Policy, which generally prohibits pledging shares of the Company s common stock as collateral for loans. No Covered Person may purchase the Company s securities on margin or pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan. If any person becomes subject to this Policy at a time when he or she has Company securities pledged as collateral for a loan, the pledge must be released within one year. 
 B. HEDGING Directors and executive officers (for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act) must comply with the Company s hedging policy, which generally prohibits engaging in transactions to hedge or offset value declines in the value of our stock such as short selling (i.e., selling securities that are not owned by the seller), put or call options, forward sale or purchase contracts, equity swaps and exchange funds. Covered Persons also may not engage in transactions that hedge or offset declines in value Company securities such as put or call options, or transactions in derivative securities. 
 C. SHORT SALES No Covered Person may engage in short sales of Company securities, including short sales against the box . 
 D. SHORT-TERM TRADING Directors and executive officers of the Company are prohibited from engaging in an open market purchase and sale (or vice versa) of Company securities of the same class within a six month period unless the transaction would be exempt from short swing liability under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 IX. COMPLIANCE WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS 
 Directors and executive officers of the Company are reminded of their obligations to comply with other requirements in respect of transactions in Company securities, including 
 A. Compliance with Rule 144, including the filing of a Form 144 before selling a limited amount of Emerson common stock in an open market sale pursuant to an ordinary brokerage transaction, and the use of a knowledgeable broker 
 B. Immediate post-transaction notification of sufficient detail of any transaction to facilitate the timely preparation and filing of any reports required by Section 16 of the Exchange Act 
 C. Avoidance of Section 16 short-swing profit liability or any purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) of Emerson common stock within six months and 
 D. Prohibition on transactions during a pension plan blackout. 
 X. PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION 
 In addition to significant penalties imposed by law, violation of any of the foregoing rules is grounds for disciplinary action by the Company, including employment termination. 
 XI. COMPANY ASSISTANCE AND EDUCATION ADMINISTRATION 
 Covered Persons shall cooperate with any training and compliance programs instituted by the Company in furtherance of this Policy. Directors and employees may be required to certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Policy. Any person who has any questions about 

specific transactions may obtain additional guidance from the General Counsel. The Company reserves the rights to amend and interpret this Policy from time to time. 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21fy24.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 Subsidiaries and Affiliates of Emerson Electric Co. 
 September 30, 2024 

LEGAL NAME JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Alexander Schaeff, Inc. Delaware Appleton Holding Corp. Delaware Appleton Group Canada, Ltd. Ontario Appleton Grp LLC Delaware Appleton Electric LLC Delaware EGS Comercializadora Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Nutsteel DHC B.V. Netherlands Nutsteel Ind stria Metal rgica Ltda Brazil Appleton Holding Sarl France ATX SAS France Easy Heat Europe SAS France EGS Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico EGS Private Ltd. Singapore Emerson Hazardous Electrical Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China GSEG LLC Delaware ASCO Numatics Holding, Inc. Delaware Bristol, Inc. Delaware Energy Solutions International Sub, LLC Delaware Energy Solutions International GP, LLC Pennsylvania Energy Solutions International (India) Private Limited India California Emerson LLC Delaware Computational Systems, Incorporated Tennessee DMCO Holding, Inc. Delaware DMCO UK Holding Limited United Kingdom DMCO Holding Limited United Kingdom Spectra-Tek UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Measurement Systems and Solutions (India) Private Limited India Danmasa S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Automation Solutions Actuation Technologies Holding, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Valve Automation, Inc. Delaware Bettis Canada Ltd. Canada RPP, LLC Massachusetts EECO, Inc. Delaware Apple JV Holding Corp. Delaware Easy Heat, Inc. Delaware Emersub CV, Inc. Delaware EMR Final Control US Holding Corporation Delaware Emerson Final Control US Holding LLC Texas Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control France SARL France FC QSF, LLC Delaware The J.R. Clarkson Company LLC Nevada Crosby Valve, LLC Nevada Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control US LP Delaware 

Emerson Vulcan Holding LLC Delaware TV&C GP Holding, LLC Nevada Vulsub Holdings A, LLC Delaware Vulsub VZ, C.A. Venezuela Vulsub Holdings B, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Vulsub Holdings D, LLC Delaware Vulsub Property Holding, LLC Delaware Emerson Electric (U.S.) Holding Corporation Delaware Automatic Switch Company Delaware ASC Investments, Inc. Delaware ASCO Japan Co., Ltd. Japan ASCO, L.P. Delaware Aventics LLC Delaware Emerson (Taiwan) Limited Taiwan Ascomatica S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ascomation Pty. Ltd. Australia Ascotech, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ascoval Industria e Commercio Ltda Brazil Emerson Fluid Control & Pneumatics, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Process Management Chennai Private Limited India Branson Ultrasonics Corporation Delaware Branson Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Branson Ultrasonidos S.A.E. Spain Branson Ultrasons SAS France Emerson Dietzenbach GmbH Germany Emerson Electric Overseas Finance Corp. Delaware Emerson Process Management Verwaltung GmbH Germany Emerson Process Management GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Aventics Services Germany GmbH Germany Aventics GmbH Germany Aventics AG Switzerland Aventics GmbH Austria epro GmbH Germany Flow Control Holding GmbH & Co. KG Germany Flow Control Holding Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Gustav Klauke GmbH Germany Sempell GmbH Germany Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Germany GmbH Germany Mecafrance (Deutschland) GmbH Germany Emersub Deutschland Holding GmbH Germany Emerson Technologies Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Emerson Technologies GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Emersub LXXXVI, Inc. Delaware Ridge Tool GmbH Germany Ridge Tool GmbH & Co. OHG Germany Rosemount Inc. Minnesota Dieterich Standard, Inc. Delaware Emerson Asia Pacific Private Limited Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Sichuan) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China PT Emerson Solutions Indonesia Indonesia Safety Systems UK Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

Sakhi Raimondi Valve (India) Limited India Emerson Process Management Manufacturing (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Emerson Process Management Valve Automation (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Spectronix Ltd. Israel Emerson Automation Solutions Measurement Systems & Services LLC Delaware Metco Services Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Emerson Electric (M) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Emerson Industrial Automation USA Inc. Delaware Fincor Holding, LLC Delaware Emerson Korea Limited Korea Aventics Ltd. Korea Emerson Process Management AB Sweden Emerson Process Management A S (Denmark) Denmark Emerson Process Management Oy Finland Emerson Process Management, S.L. Spain Emersub LXXXIV, Inc. Delaware Keystone Germany Holdings Corp. Delaware Chemat GmbH Armaturen fur Industrie - und Nuklearanlage Germany Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control de M xico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emerson Process Management, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Emersub UK II Limited United Kingdom EMR Europe Holdings Inc. Delaware EMR Holdings (France) SAS France ASCO SAS France Asco Numatics GmbH Germany Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Iberia, S.A. Spain Joucomatic N.V. Belgium Aventics Holding S.A.S. France Aventics S.A.S. France Emerson Process Management SAS France Emerson Process Management, Lda Portugal Francel SAS France Generale de Robinetterie Industrielle et de Systemes de Surete S.A.S. France Klauke France SARL France Ridgid France SAS France Micro Motion, Inc. Colorado P I Components Corp. Texas Rosemount China Inc. Minnesota Rosemount Limited Hong Kong Rosemount Nuclear Instruments, Inc. Delaware Rosemount Specialty Products LLC Delaware Emersub 15 LLC Delaware Emersub CXIII, Inc. Delaware Emersub 20 LLC Delaware Emersub 22 LLC Delaware Emersub 23 LLC Delaware National Instruments Corporation Delaware Digilent, Inc. Washington Digilent RO S.R.L. Romania Digilent Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Enterprise International Holding B.V. Netherlands Gemni Holdings ULC Canada National Instruments Belgium N.V. Belgium National Instruments Costa Rica Limitada Costa Rica National Instruments Dresden GmbH Germany 

National Instruments Ireland Resources Limited Ireland National Instruments Philippines Inc. Philippines NI Hungary Software s Hardware Gy rt Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary NI Lille France NI Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia PT. National Instruments Indonesia Indonesia Qpid Holdings Co. Nova Scotia SET GmbH Germany Hyperception, Inc. Texas National Instruments Canada Co. Canada Measurement Computing Corporation Delaware Measurement Computing GmbH Germany National Instruments (Czech Republic) s.r.o. Czech Republic National Instruments (Korea) Corporation South Korea National Instruments AM LLC Armenia National Instruments Australia Corporation Texas National Instruments Australia Pty Ltd Australia National Instruments Colombia SAS Colombia National Instruments (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand National Instruments Corporation (UK) Limited United Kingdom National Instruments de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico National Instruments Egypt LLC Egypt National Instruments Europe Corporation Texas National Instruments Finland Oy Finland National Instruments France Corporation Texas NI France Holdings SAS France National Instruments France SAS France National Instruments Germany GmbH Germany Heinzinger Automotive GmbH Germany National Instruments Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria National Instruments Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong National Instruments Hungary Kft Hungary National Instruments Israel Ltd Israel Optimal Plus Ltd Israel Optimal Plus Philippines Inc. Philippines Optimal Plus Singapore Pte. Ltd Singapore National Instruments Italy S.R.L. Italy National Instruments Japan Corporation Japan National Instruments Lebanon LLC Texas National Instruments Lebanon SARL Lebanon National Instruments Netherlands B.V. Netherlands National Instruments New Zealand Limited New Zealand National Instruments Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland National Instruments Romania S.R.L. Romania National Instruments Scandinavia Corporation Texas National Instruments Denmark ApS Denmark National Instruments Norway AS Norway National Instruments Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore NI Southeast Asia Sdn Bhd Malaysia National Instruments Spain, S.L. Spain National Instruments Sweden AB Sweden National Instruments Switzerland Corporation Texas National Instruments Switzerland GmbH Switzerland N H Research, LLC California N H Power Test Equipment (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China 

NI (China) Instruments Co., Ltd. China Kratzer Automation (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China NI Systems (India) Private Limited India NI Taiwan Corporation Taiwan Optimal Plus Inc. Delaware Phase Matrix, Inc. California Tech180 Corporation Delaware Ridge Tool Company Ohio Greenlee Tools, Inc. Delaware Emerson Professional Tools, LLC Delaware Emerson Professional Tools Mfg LLC Delaware Ridge Tool (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia Ridge Tool Manufacturing Company Delaware Ridge Tool Pattern Company Delaware RIDGID, Inc. Delaware Ridgid Italia S.R.L. Italy Ridgid Online, Inc. Ohio Ridgid Werkzeuge AG Switzerland E.G.P. Corporation Delaware Emerson Arabia, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Emersub 4 LLC Delaware Emerson Electric (Asia) Limited Hong Kong Emerson (Philippines) Corporation Philippines Emerson Electric II, C.A. Venezuela Soluciones 0925, C.A. Venezuela Emerson Electric International, Inc. Delaware Emerson Electric Ireland Limited Bermuda Emersub Treasury Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland Emerson Electric (Mauritius) Ltd Mauritius Emerson Electric Company (India) Private Limited India Westinghouse Electric Pvt. Limited Mauritius Emerson Process Management Power & Water Solutions India Private Limited India Emerson Finance LLC Delaware Emerson Middle East, Inc. Delaware Emerson Bahrain W.L.L. Bahrain Emerson Ventures Inc. Delaware Emersub 3 LLC Delaware Emersub 16 LLC Delaware Emersub 21 LLC Delaware Emersub CII, Inc. Delaware Emersub XLVI, Inc. Nevada Emersub Italia S.R.L. Italy EMR Foundation, Inc. Missouri EMR Holdings, Inc. Delaware Branson de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Copeland Compresores Hermeticos, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Dar Ibtikar Al Iraq for General Services and General Trade LLC Iraq Emerson Argentina S.A. Argentina Chloride Koexa S.A. Argentina Emerson Automation Solutions GmbH Switzerland Emerson Dominicana, Srl Dominican Republic Emerson Electric (U.S.) Holding Corporation (Chile) Limitada Chile Emerson Electric CR, Limitada Costa Rica Emerson Electric de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico 

Emerson Process Management Magyarorszag Kft. Hungary Emerson Process Management NV Belgium AE Valves Belgium Emerson Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Emerson (Thailand) Limited Thailand Emersub 5 LLC Delaware Emersub Mexico, Inc. Nevada Emerson Tool and Appliance Company, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Emersub 1 LLC Delaware Emersub UK Limited United Kingdom EMR Worldwide Inc. Delaware Emerson DHC B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management Ltda. Brazil Emerson Electric Canada Limited Canada EMR US Holdings LLC Delaware EMR Worldwide B.V. in liquidatie Netherlands Rutherfurd US, LLC Delaware Aspen Technology, Inc. Delaware Aspen Technology Holdings Corporation Delaware Paradigm B.V. Netherlands AGI Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Mexico Paradigm France S.A. France Paradigm Geophysical B.V. Netherlands Paradigm Geophysical de Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Paradigm Geophysical do Brasil Ltda Brazil Paradigm Geophysical Italy SRL Italy Paradigm Geophysical (Nigeria) Limited Nigeria Paradigm Geophysical S.A. Argentina Paradigm Geophysical Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Paradigm Geophysical (KL) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Paradigm Geophysical Spain S.L. Spain Paradigm Geotechnology (Egypt) S.A.E. Egypt Paradigm Kazakhstan LLP Kazakhstan Paradigm Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Roxar Paradigm, E&P Software Services LLC Russia Paradigm Geophysical (India) Private Limited India Paradigm Geophysical Limited Israel Paradigm Geoservices Canada Ltd. Alberta Paradigm Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Paradigm (UK) Holding Limited United Kingdom Paradigm Geophysical Pty Ltd Australia PT. Paradigm Geophysical Indonesia Indonesia Paradigm Geophysical (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom Roxar Software Solutions AS Norway Roxar Services AS Norway Roxar Services OOO Russia Roxar Technologies AS Norway Paradigm Geophysical Corp. Delaware Aspen Paradigm Holding LLC Delaware Open Systems International, Inc. Minnesota Open Systems International Australia Pty Ltd Australia Open Systems International Europe SL Spain OSI du Canada Inc. Quebec OSI Energy Automation India Private Limited India AspenTech Corporation Delaware 

AspenTech Africa (Pty.) Ltd. South Africa AspenTech Argentina S.R.L. Argentina AspenTech Canada Holdings, LLC Delaware AspenTech Canada Corporation Canada AspenTech Solutions Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Aspen Technology S.L. Spain AspenTech de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico AspenTech Europe B.V. Netherlands Apex Optimisation Technologies B.V. Netherlands AspenTech GmbH Germany inmation BNX B.V. Netherlands inmation Lux S.a.r.l. Luxembourg inmation UK Ltd. United Kingdom AspenTech Norway AS Norway AspenTech S.R.L. Romania AspenTech Europe S.A. N.V. Belgium AspenTech Technologies Gulf - L.L.C.-O.P.C. United Arab Emirates AspenTech Holding Corporation Delaware The Fidelis Group, LLC Texas AspenTech Ltd. United Kingdom Apex Optimisation SRO Czech Republic Argent & Waugh Limited United Kingdom AspenTech Pte. Ltd. Singapore AspenTech Software Brasil Ltda. Brazil AspenTech Software Corporation Delaware Aspen Technology LLC Russia AspenTech S.r.l. Italy AspenTech Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela Aspen Technology (Asia) Inc. Delaware AspenTech (Beijing) Ltd. China AspenTech (Shanghai) Ltd. China Aspen Tech (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand AspenTech India Pvt. Ltd. India AspenTech Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Aspen Technology Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia AspenTech Australia Holding Pty. Ltd. Australia Aspen Technology International, Inc. Delaware Aspen Technology Middle East Ltd. Saudi Arabia Aspen Technology Regional Headquarters Saudi Arabia Aspen Technology Quebec Inc. Canada Aspen Technology S.A.S. Colombia Aspen Technology Services Corporation Delaware Tranmet Holdings Limited United Kingdom Tranmet Holdings B.V. Netherlands Rutherfurd Acquisitions Limited United Kingdom Afag Holding AG Switzerland Afag Automation AG Switzerland Afag Automation Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Afag Engineering GmbH Germany Afag GmbH Germany Branson Ultrasonics a.s. Slovakia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Vulsub South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Emerson International Holding Company Limited United Kingdom 

Branson Ultrasonic Sarl Switzerland Digital Appliance Controls (UK) Limited United Kingdom Emerson Holding Company Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Electric U.K. Limited United Kingdom ARTESYN Hungary Electronic Limited Liability Company under liquidation Hungary Emerson Automation Solutions Egypt LLC Egypt Emerson Egypt LLC Egypt Emerson FZE UAE Emerson Automation Solutions Mozambique Limitada Mozambique Emerson Gabon SARL Gabon Emerson Mauritania SARL Mauritania Emerson Process Management Angola Lda Angola EMRSN Process Management Morocco Sarl Morocco Emerson Saudi Arabia LLC Saudi Arabia Emerson Energy Systems (UK) Limited United Kingdom Emerson Process Management Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Actuation Technologies Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Ireland Limited Ireland Emerson Process Management Distribution Limited United Kingdom Emerson Process Management Shared Services Limited United Kingdom Permasense Limited United Kingdom Roxar Limited United Kingdom Emerson UK Trustees Limited United Kingdom Rosemount Topco Limited United Kingdom Rosemount Measurement Limited United Kingdom Cascade Technologies Holdings Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions SSC UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control UK Ltd United Kingdom Emerson Sales UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Automation Solutions UK Limited United Kingdom Emerson Electric Holdings (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Asco Controls B.V. Netherlands Asco Joucomatic ZA B.V. Netherlands Aventics B.V. Netherlands Emerson Automation FCP Kft Hungary Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Emerson Process Management AG Switzerland Emerson LLC Azerbaijan Emerson LLP Kazakhstan Emerson Peru S.A.C. Peru Emerson Process Management Kft. Hungary Emerson Process Management Romania S.R.L. Romania Emerson Automation Solutions Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Emerson Process Management Sp. z o.o. Poland Emerson Process Management UAB Lithuania Emerson Process Management Ticaret Limited Sirket Turkey Emerson Process Management, s.r.o. Czech Republic Emerson Process Management, s.r.o. Slovakia Emerson TOV Ukraine Emerson Process Management Co., Ltd. China EMR Emerson Holdings (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Emerson Process Management Qatar W.L.L. Qatar EMR (Asia) Limited Hong Kong 

Emerson Electric (China) Holdings Co., Ltd. China ASCO Valve (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Beijing Rosemount Far East Instrument Co., Ltd. China Branson Ultrasonics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Automation Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Beijing Instrument Company, Ltd. China Emerson Machinery Equipment (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Process Management Flow Technologies Co., Ltd. China Emerson Process Management (Tianjin) Valves Co., Ltd. China Emerson Professional Tools (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Xi'an Engineering Center China Fisher Jeon Gas Equipment (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Rosemount Tank Radar AB Sweden Emerson Process Management Marine Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Rosemount Tank Radar Properties AB Sweden Virgo Valves & Controls (ME) FZE UAE Emerson Electric Nederland B.V. Netherlands Aegir Norge Holding AS Norway Roxar AS Norway Roxar Flow Measurement AS Norway Emerson Process Management Nigeria Limited Nigeria Roxar Maximum Reservoir Performance W.L.L. Bahrain Roxar de Venezuela C.A. Venezuela Damcos Holding A S Denmark Damcos A S Denmark Emerson Process Management Marine Solutions Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Emerson Process Management Marine Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Emerson Automation Solutions AS Norway Emerson Network Power DHC B.V. Netherlands Beckman Industrial B.V. Netherlands El-O-Matic B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management (South Africa) (Proprietary) Ltd. South Africa Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management B.V. Netherlands Emerson Europe Procurement Operations B.V. Netherlands EMRSN HLDG B.V. Netherlands Emerson Process Management Flow B.V. Netherlands Emerson S.R.L. Romania Emerson Process Management (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. Vietnam Emerson Nigeria FZE Nigeria Emerson Process Management Europe GmbH Switzerland Emerson Sice S.r.l. Italy Branson Ultrasuoni S.R.L. Italy Emerson Automation Fluid Control & Pneumatics Italy S.R.L. Italy Emerson Process Management S.R.L. Italy Progea S.r.l. Italy Progea Deutschland GmbH Germany Progea International, S.A. Switzerland Vulsub Italia S.r.l. Italy Biffi Italia S.r.l. Italy Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Italia S.r.l. Italy Emerson USD Finance Company Limited United Kingdom FLEXIM Flexible Industriemesstechnick GmbH Germany FLEXIM Australia Pty Ltd Australia Flexim Flow India Private Limited India 

Flexim France SAS France Flexim GmbH Austria Flexim Instruments (Zhenjiang) Co., Ltd. China FLEXIM Instruments Asia Pte Ltd Singapore Flexim Instruments Benelux B.V. Netherlands FLEXIM Instruments UK Ltd. United Kingdom Flexim Japan Ltd. Japan Flexim S.A. Chile HTE Engineering Services Limited Ireland Klauke Handelsgesellschaft mbH Austria Klauke Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia Mita-Teknik A S Denmark Mita-Teknik (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. China Mita-Teknik, Udlejning ApS Denmark Mita-Teknik Ltd. Ukraine Emerson Mexico Finance, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, ENR Mexico Emerson Process Management de Colombia SAS Colombia Emerson Process Management d.o.o. Croatia Emerson Process Management (India) Private Limited India Emerson Process Management S.A. Greece Emerson Valves & Controls Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Vulsub Brasil Ltda. Brazil Vulsub Holding Ltd Isle of Man Vulsub Holdings II Limited United Kingdom Vulsub Middle East Holdings, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Vulsub Gulf Holding Limited United Arab Emirates Emirates Techno Casting FZE United Arab Emirates JCF Fluid Flow India Private Limited India Vulsub S.A. Argentina Westlock Equipamentos de Controle Ltda. Brazil Hiter Industria e Comercio de Controles Termo-Hidraulicos Ltda. Brazil F-R Tecnologias de Flujo, S.A. de C.V. Mexico PT. Emerson Indonesia Indonesia EPMCO Holdings, Inc. Delaware Emerson Process Management Regulator Technologies, Inc. Delaware Fromex, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Fisher Controls International LLC Delaware Emerson Process Management Australia Pty Ltd Australia Emerson Automation Solutions Final Control Australia Pty Limited Australia Emerson Process Management New Zealand Limited New Zealand Fisher Controles de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Nippon Fisher Co., Ltd. Japan Fisher-Rosemount Systems, Inc. Delaware Emerson LLLP Delaware Emerson Process Management Holding LLC Delaware Emerson Process Management Power & Water Solutions, Inc. Delaware Instrument & Valve Services Company Delaware 

EPM Tulsa Holdings Corp. Delaware Emerson Process Management Regulator Technologies Tulsa, LLC Oklahoma FLEXIM Americas Corporation New York Fusite Corporation Ohio Emerson Japan, Ltd. Japan Fusite Land Company Delaware General Equipment and Manufacturing Company, Inc. Kentucky Hiross India Private Limited India Humboldt Hermetic Motor Corp. Delaware Intelligent Platforms, LLC Delaware Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms Private Limited India Emerson Automation Solutions Intelligent Platforms (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China ICC Intelligent Platforms GmbH Germany Industrial Controls Canada ULC Nova Scotia Intrinsic Safety Equipment of Texas, Inc. Texas ProTeam, Inc. Idaho Ridge Tool Europe NV Belgium Emerson Professional Tools AG Switzerland Ridgid Scandinavia A S Denmark Rosemount Tank Gauging North America Inc. Texas Tescom Corporation Minnesota Tescom Europe Management GmbH Germany Tescom Europe GmbH & Co. KG Germany 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 exhibit23fy24.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration State ment Nos. 333-281331, 333-275527, 333-274942, 333-206096, 333-173933, 333-221671, 333-154361, and 333-152916 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-275526, 333-52658, 333-84673, and 333-66865 on Form S-3 of our re port dated November 12, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Emerson Electric Co. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 November 12, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 8
 exhibit24fy24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Emerson Electric Co., a Missouri corporation with principal offices at 8000 West Florissant Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri 63136, hereby appoint M.J. Baughman, M. Tang, and J. A. Sperino as their Attorneys-in-Fact for the purpose of signing Emerson Electric Co.'s Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and any and all Amendments thereto) for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Signature Title Date s J. S. Turley Chair of the Board October 1, 2024 J. S. Turley s M. A. Blinn Director October 1, 2024 M. A. Blinn s J. B. Bolten Director October 1, 2024 J. B. Bolten s C.G. Butler Director October 1, 2024 C. G. Butler s M. S. Craighead Director October 1, 2024 M. S. Craighead s W. H. Easter III Director October 1, 2024 W. H. Easter III s G. A. Flach Director October 1, 2024 G. A. Flach s L. Goncalves Director October 1, 2024 L. Goncalves s L. M. Lee Director October 1, 2024 L. M. Lee s M. S. Levatich Director October 1, 2024 M. S. Levatich s J. M. McKelvey Director October 1, 2024 J. M. McKelvey s S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer October 1, 2024 S. L. Karsanbhai s M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, October 1, 2024 M. J. Baughman Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 9
 exhibit31fy24.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 Certification 
 
 I, S. L. Karsanbhai, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
 during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 s S. L. Karsanbhai S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer Emerson Electric Co. 

Certification 
 
 I, M. J. Baughman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Emerson Electric Co. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 s M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Emerson Electric Co. 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 exhibit32fy24.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) AND 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Emerson Electric Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, S. L. Karsanbhai, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s S. L. Karsanbhai S. L. Karsanbhai President and Chief Executive Officer Emerson Electric Co. November 12, 2024 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) AND 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Emerson Electric Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. J. Baughman, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s M. J. Baughman M. J. Baughman Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Emerson Electric Co. November 12, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 11
 exhibit97fy24.htm
 EX-97

Document 

Exhibit 97 

Emerson Electric Co. the Company 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 I. Introduction 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has adopted this Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy to comply with NYSE Listed Company Rule 303A.14, which provides for the recovery of certain executive compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 
 II. Administration 
 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 
 III. Definitions 
 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 (a) Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial restatements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or that corrects an error that is not material to previously issued financial statements, but would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a little r restatement). 
 
 (b) Recovery Eligible Incentive-based Compensation means, in connection with an Accounting Restatement and with respect to each individual who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the applicable performance period for any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Covered Executive is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), all Incentive-based Compensation Received by such Covered Executive (i) on or after the Effective Date, (ii) after beginning service as a Covered Executive, (iii) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the applicable Recovery Period. 
 
 (c) Recovery Period means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement Date and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 
 (d) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 (e) Covered Executives means the Company's current and former Executive Officers, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of NYSE. 

(f) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 
 (g) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Covered Executive in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Recovery Eligible Incentive-based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 
 
 (h) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (i) Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person (including any executive officer of the Company s affiliates) who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. The term Executive Officer includes, without limitation, those officers identified by the Company in any disclosure made pursuant to the requirements of Regulation S-K Item 401(b). 
 
 (j) Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall for purposes of this Policy be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 
 (k) Incentive-based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 
 (l) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 (m) Received - Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (n) Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (i) (A) the date the Board, or (B) the date a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 
 (o) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

IV. Repayment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation Method of Recovery 
 
 (a) In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Committee shall take reasonably prompt action after the Restatement Date to determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each Covered Executive in connection with such Accounting Restatement and, thereafter, shall promptly provide each Covered Executive with a written notice containing the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return, as applicable. For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement, the amount shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was Received (in which case the Company shall maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the NYSE). 
 
 (b) The Committee shall have broad discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on all applicable facts and circumstances and taking into account the time value of money and the cost to shareholders of delaying recovery, including without limitation (i) requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-based Compensation previously paid (ii) seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards (iii) offsetting the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive (iv) cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or (v) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in Section IV(d) below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder. 
 
 (c) To the extent that a Covered Executive fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due (as determined in accordance with Section IV(b) above), the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable Covered Executive. The applicable Covered Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions contemplated by Section IV(b) above if the following conditions are met and the Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable 
 
 (i) the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive would exceed the amount to be recovered, after the Company has made a reasonable attempt to recover the applicable Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempts and provided such documentation to NYSE 

(ii) recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 provided that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel (acceptable to NYSE) that recovery would result in such a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to NYSE or 
 
 (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and the regulations thereunder. 
 
 V. Reporting and Disclosure 
 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirement of the U.S. federal securities laws, including the disclosure required by applicable SEC filings. 
 VI. No Indemnification 
 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any of the Company s organizational documents, any corporate policy or any contract, the Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation or any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this Policy nor shall the Company pay or reimburse any Covered executive for any insurance premium to cover the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 VII. Interpretation 
 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC or the NYSE. 
 
 VIII. Effective Date 
 
 This Policy shall be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 
 IX. Amendment Termination 
 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any U.S. federal securities laws, SEC rule or NYSE rule. 
 
 X. Other Recovery Rights 
 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy, whether 

or not included in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement, and any other legal remedies or rights available to the Company. 

XI. Successors 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 emr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 emr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 emr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 emr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 emr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

