<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241001_10-K_edgar_data_1836754_0001493152-24-038926.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7201803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>505342</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1364202</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2170792</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1363860</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1612932</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-038926.hdr.sgml : 20241001
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241001061042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-038926
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241001
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241001

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Legacy Education Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				845167957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42283
		FILM NUMBER:		241341169

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31625 DEPORTOLA ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			TEMECULA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92592
		BUSINESS PHONE:		951-297-3440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31625 DEPORTOLA ROAD, SUITE 200
		CITY:			TEMECULA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92592

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-038926.txt : 20241001

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to _________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No. 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of September 30, 2024,
based upon the 4.00 per share closing price of the registrant s common stock on the date of its initial public offering was
approximately . 

Number
of common shares outstanding as of September 27, 2024 was . 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 39 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 63 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 63 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 63 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 63 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 64 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 64 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 64 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 72 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 73 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 74 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 74 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 74 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 87 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 88 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 88 

Signatures 
 89 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, 
 should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections
about our company, are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. We may not actually
achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially
from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Our business and our forward-looking statements
involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 

compliance
 with the extensive existing regulatory framework applicable to our industry or our failure to timely obtain and maintain regulatory
 approvals and accreditation; ; 

compliance
 with continuous changes in applicable federal laws and regulations including pending rulemaking by the U.S. Department of Education ; 

the
 effect of current and future Title IV Program regulations arising out of negotiated rulemakings, including any potential reductions
 in funding or restrictions on the use of funds received through Title IV Programs; 

successful
 updating and expansion of the content of existing programs and developing new programs in a cost-effective manner or on a timely
 basis; 

uncertainties
 regarding our ability to comply with federal laws and regulations regarding the 90/10 Rule and cohort default rates; 

successful
 implementation of our strategic plan ; 

our
 inability to maintain eligibility for or to process federal student financial assistance ; 

regulatory
 investigations of, or actions commenced against, us or other companies in our industry ; 

changes
 in the state regulatory environment or budgetary constraints; 

enrollment
 declines or challenges in our students ability to find employment as a result of economic conditions ; 

maintenance
 and expansion of existing industry relationships and develop new industry relationships ; 

a
 loss of members of our senior management or other key employees; 

uncertainties
 associated with opening of new campuses and closing existing campuses ; 

uncertainties
 associated with integration of acquired schools; 

industry
 competition; 

the
 effect of any cybersecurity incident; 

general
 economic conditions ; and 

other
 factors discussed under the headings Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

3 

All
of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. In each case, actual results may differ
materially from such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will
prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents
or filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan
to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections
or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if
such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements
or disclosures by us following this Annual Report on Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our
business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what
we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider
the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously
harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important
factors that adversely affect our business. 

Regulations
 promulgated by ED or other agencies could materially and adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows. 

ED s
 gainful employment regulation may limit the programs we can offer students and increase our cost of operations. 

ED s
 borrower defense to repayment regulations may subject us to significant repayment liability to ED for discharged federal
 student loans, posting of substantial letters of credit and other requirements that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

A
 failure to maintain compliance with ED s financial responsibility regulations would have negative impacts on
 our operations. 

A
 failure to maintain compliance with ED s administrative capability regulations would have negative impacts on
 our operations. 

Our
 institutions could be subject to liabilities and sanctions if they violate statutory provisions of the Higher Education Act of 1965,
 as amended, and related ED regulations and guidance limiting compensation to individuals and entities involved in certain recruiting,
 admissions or financial aid activities. 

Our
 institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in Title IV Programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable
 federal educational assistance programs is too high. 

Our
 institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in Title IV Programs or have other limitations placed upon them if their
 federal student loan cohort default rates are greater than the standards set forth in the HEA and implemented by ED. 

If
 ED denies, or significantly conditions, recertification of any of our institutions to participate in Title IV Programs, that institution
 could not conduct its business as it is currently conducted. 

4 

If
 we acquire an institution, the acquisition generally constitutes a change in ownership and control that requires the institution
 to obtain approvals from ED and applicable state and accrediting agencies in order to remain eligible to participate in the Title
 IV Programs and continue to operate as an accredited institution in the states where the institution operates. 

If
 we or one of our institutions undergoes a change in ownership or control, we may be required to obtain approval from ED and other
 regulatory agencies that oversee our institutions and may be subject to further conditions or restrictions as a result of the change. 

Our
 failure to comply with laws and regulations prohibiting misrepresentations regarding our institutions could result in sanctions,
 liabilities or litigation that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

If
 our institutions fail to comply with regulations regarding accurate and timely refunds and returns of Title IV Program aid in connection
 with students who withdraw from their programs, we could be subject to liabilities and sanctions. 

If
 we open new campuses or add or change new educational programs, we may be required to obtain approvals from ED and our state and
 accrediting agencies. 

If
 our students access to financial aid from state sources, from federal sources other than the Title IV Programs, or from alternative
 loan programs is lost or reduced, it could impact our results of operations. 

Government
 and regulatory agencies and third parties may conduct compliance reviews and audits or bring actions against us that could result
 in monetary liabilities, injunctions, loss of eligibility for the Title IV Programs or other adverse outcomes. 

Our
 financial performance depends on the level of student enrollment in our institutions. 

We
 compete with a variety of educational institutions and if we are unable to compete effectively, our total student enrollment and
 revenue could be adversely impacted. 

Our
 business is subject to fluctuations caused by seasonality or other factors beyond our control, which may cause our operating results
 to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 

We
 rely on proprietary rights and intellectual property in conducting our business, which may not be adequately protected under current
 laws, and we may encounter disputes from time to time relating to our use of intellectual property of third parties. 

An
 active trading market for our common stock may not develop, and you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above the initial
 public offering price. 

Our
 stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

We
 do not intend to pay cash dividends in the future. 

5 

PART
I 

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to we, our, us, the Company, or Legacy, 
refer to Legacy Education Inc., individually, or as the context requires, collectively with its subsidiaries. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
provide career-focused, post-secondary education services to students at all stages of adult life, from recent high school graduates
to working parents, through our accredited academic institutions: High Desert Medical College, which we acquired in July 2010, Central
Coast College, which we acquired in January 2019, and Integrity College of Health. On December 31, 2019, we entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with the sole member of Integrity. We purchased from the sole member of Integrity on that date 24.5 of her
interest and obtained an exclusive option to acquire her remaining membership interest upon payment of 100, which was exercised on September
15, 2020. For purposes of our financial statements, the acquisition of Integrity is deemed to have been effective as of December 31,
2019. 

High
Desert Medical College 

HDMC
was established in the State of California in 2002 and began offering classes in 2003. It started with campuses in Lancaster, California,
and added its first branch in 2008 in Bakersfield, California. Due to enrollment growth and high demand for its services, HDMC expanded
to add a branch campus in Temecula, California campus in order to accommodate 250 to 400 additional students. HDMC offers UT, VN, VN
Associate of Applied Science degree program, Associate Degree of Nursing, nursing assistant, MRI Associate of Applied Science, cardiac
sonography, pharmacy technician, dental assisting, clinical medical assisting, medical administrative assisting programs, medical billing
and coding, veterinary assistant, phlebotomy technician avocational, nursing assistant avocational, and UT Associate of Applied Science
degree programs. HDMC also plans to offer an emergency medical technician (EMT) program beginning in October 2024 and is in the process
of obtaining approvals for the program (for which HDMC is not planning to apply for ED approval to make Title IV Program funds available
for students who enroll in the program). As of June 30, 2024, HDMC had 1,537 students enrolled in its programs. 

Central
Coast College 

CCC
was established in the State of California in 1983. In 1991, CCC moved to its current location in Salinas, California to accommodate
growing enrollment numbers and the addition of new training programs. 

CCC
offers the following certificate or degree programs: business administrative specialist, computer specialist: accounting, medical administrative
assistant, medical assisting, nursing assistant, UT, UT Associate of Applied Science, veterinary assistant, veterinary technology Associate
of Applied Science, and VN. CCC also offers an avocational phlebotomy technician program. CCC also has obtained approval from ACCET to
offer the following programs and plans to begin doing so in October 2024, pending additional approvals: surgical technology (Associate
of Applied Science), dental assisting, and sterile processing technician. CCC is also in the process of applying for approvals for a
pharmacy technician program and an Associate Degree in Nursing program that it intends to provide in the future. As of June 30, 2024,
CCC had 462 students enrolled in its programs. 

Integrity
College of Health 

Integrity
was established in the State of California in 2007. Integrity s campus is located in Pasadena, California. Integrity offers VN,
VN Associate of Applied Science, Registered Nurse to Bachelor of Science in Nursing RN to BSN ), medical assisting, medical
billing and coding, veterinary assistant, and Diagnostic Medical Sonography programs. Integrity also plans to offer an emergency medical
technician (EMT) program beginning in October 2024 and is in the process of obtaining approvals for the program (for which Integrity
is not planning for ED approval to make Title IV funds available for students who enroll in the program). For purposes of our financial
statements, Legacy Education, L.L.C. is deemed to have acquired Integrity in December 2019. As of June 30, 2024, Integrity had 167 students
enrolled in its programs. 

6 

Our
History 

In
 2003, HDMC began offering classes in Lancaster, CA (main campus). 

In
 2008, HDMC began offering classes in Bakersfield, CA (branch campus). 

In
 October 2009, our current Chief Executive Officer, LeeAnn Rohmann founded our company. 

In
 July 2010, we acquired HDMC. 

From
 2011 to 2013, HDMC received VA approval, Workers Investment Act approval and Department of Rehabilitation approval for its programs. 

In
 April 2013, HDMC received ACCET accreditation. 

In
 December 2013, HDMC received BVNPT accreditation of new licensed vocational nurses curriculum on a provisional basis, which provision
 was removed in 2017. 

In
 March 2014, HDMC became eligible to participate in the Title IV Programs and, in April 2014, received its first disbursements under
 the Title IV Programs. 

From
 2015 to 2017, HDMC added pharmacy technician and dental assisting programs, went through re-accreditation with ACCET, received approval
 to participate in Cal Grant programs, and was removed from provisional status by BVNPT. 

In
 January 2018, the UT AAS degree program was approved by BPPE and ACCET to offer through interactive distance learning. 

In
 July 2018, HDMC received branch approval for the Temecula, CA campus. 

In
 July 2018, HDMC introduced medical billing and coding programs and online UT AAS program. 

In
 December 2018, we entered into the management services agreement with Integrity. 

In
 December 2018, ED conducted and completed a program review at HDMC to confirm compliance with Title IV regulations, noting only minor
 findings. 

In
 January 2019, we acquired CCC. 

In
 January 2019, HDMC received approval for licensed vocational nurse students (20 students) for Bakersfield, CA. 

In
 February 2019, the UT AAS degree program was approved by ED. 

In
 February 2019, HDMC opened its campus in Temecula, CA. 

In
 April 2020, CCC was re-accredited by ACCET through April 2025 for all programs. 

In
 December 2019, we acquired a 24.5 ownership interest in Integrity. 

In
 September 2020, we acquired the remaining 75.5 interest in Integrity 

In
 2021 and 2022 we received per hybrid approval for all programs, launched new accredited programs of Cardiac Sonography AAS, Vocational
 Nursing AAS, Ultrasound AAS in CCC, obtain Vocational Nursing program in HDMC Temecula. 

In
 2023, we launched new accredited programs of Certified Nurse Assistant program at HDMC, Magnetic Resonance Imaging AAS (HDMC), Veterinary
 Assisting (ICH), Vocational Nursing (CCC), RN approval (HDMC) 

In
 January 2024, we started our first Associates Degree of Nursing program (HDMC). 

In
 April 2024, HDMC was re-accredited by ACCET through April 2029 for all programs. 

Industry
Background 

In
the United States, the post-secondary education marked is large, fragmented, and competitive. According to National Center for Educational
Statistics, as of 2022, degree granting career colleges served approximately 1.2 million undergraduate students, which was approximately
6.3 of the estimated 19.0 million total undergraduates in degree programs. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly reduced the
number of students enrolled in post-secondary education institutions in recent years. According to estimates released by the National
Student Clearinghouse Research Center, total enrollments in all higher education sectors declined 0.7 and 2.5 in the fall of 2022 and
2021, respectively. Enrollment at proprietary colleges increased 2.6 in the fall of 2022 and declined 2.1 in the fall of 2021. The
industry is heavily dependent on continued availability of federal student financial assistance under Title IV of the Higher Education
Act Title IV Programs ), and concerns about potential reductions in such funding also could negatively affect demand for
higher education. 

Notwithstanding
weaker demand dynamics in past years, including the more recent adverse impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe that over time,
demand for post-secondary education in the United States will continue to increase as a result of demographic, economic, and social trends.
The 2022 U.S. Census Bureau reported that approximately 64.5 million adults over the age of 25 in the United States did not have more
than a high school education, and approximately 33.0 million adults over the age of 25 had some college experience but had not completed
a college degree. Other trends that could positively impact demand for our programs include: 

increasing
 demand by employers for certain types of professional and skilled workers; 

7 

growth
 in the number of high school graduates from 2.8 million in 1999-2000 to an estimated 3.7 million in 2019-2020, according to the National
 Center for Education Statistics; 

the
 significant and measurable income premium and enhanced employment prospects attributable to post-secondary education; 

a
 number of initiatives underway to reduce the cost of a post-secondary education; and 

a
 continued demand from working adults for programs offered by accredited institutions. 

Our
Market Opportunity 

We
believe that the community college system in California, where we currently operate, is not meeting current educational and workforce
needs. Plagued by poor completion rates, uncertain career pathways and corresponding poor job placement rates, California community colleges
are not the stepping stones to success they once were. Aspiring students who want in-demand skills are often stuck between choosing an
expensive four-year school with course requirements unrelated to their interests, on one hand, and a community college that lacks a clear
mission and the ability to place them in their desired careers, on the other hand. 

Our
colleges directly address this employment need through our focused, high-quality programs. Our campuses are strategically located near
hospitals and clinics to allow easy access for our students to externships and full-time employment opportunities. 

The
geographic footprint of our colleges extends from Southern to Central California, home to approximately 24 million people, including
an aging population who will depend on the skills our students are able to provide as healthcare workers. 

Our
target demographic is early to mid-20-year-old with a desire to better their economic situation by choosing a program with strong job
opportunities, primarily within a 100-mile radius of each campus for most programs for ease of drive and availability. Students choose
a for-profit career college because they can get trained and on the job within months. Prospective students need caring career direction
and advice, more so than your traditional college students. 

According
to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment in the healthcare industry is projected to grow 16 from 2020 to 2030 resulting in over
2.6 million new jobs. This growth rate is much stronger than other industries. In addition, the aging population has a greater demand
for healthcare. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

Our
growth strategy goals consist of the following: 

Plan
 for moderate growth in existing programs. 

Approval
 of registered nursing programs in Bakersfield and Salinas, California. 

Add
 Associate of Applied Sciences degrees to our shorter programs. 

Add
 registered dental assisting to our dental assistant program. 

New
 programs in dental hygiene and surgical technician. 

Continued
 Launch of new program offerings, including online offerings. 

Launch
 new branch campuses, including in Fresno and Santa Ana, California and beyond. 

Acquire
 new institutions (new locations, new programs) outside of California, including in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico and programs in
 business, automotive and trade to increase national footprint. 

Meet
 benchmark standards for completion and placement. 

8 

Our
business strategy is based on helping our graduates succeed, which we believe will drive our financial results. To that end, we are pursuing
the following operating strategies: 

Focusing
 on student and graduate success, including improving retention rates while maintaining high standards of academic quality and rigor; 

Maintaining
 and improving upon our ability to offer affordable degrees, where graduates receive a high return on their investment; 

Expanding
 and optimizing our relationship-based marketing efforts and increasingly personalizing the prospective student experience; and 

Further
 strengthening and expanding our product offering and the alignment of our offering with employer needs. 

We
are focused on the following operational priorities to deliver these strategies: 

Curriculum
and Assessment. Across our portfolio, we continue to refine and implement best practices for teaching and learning models and
focus on learner success to improve completion rates and align the curriculum to employers needs to drive career success. Our
goal is to further strengthen our position as a recognized leader in high quality learning. 

We
are committed to delivering a superior academic, professionally aligned, real-world education to our students. We seek to develop a deep
understanding of the professions we serve and the competencies required of skilled professionals in these fields. This commitment guides
the development of our curricula, the recruitment of our faculty and staff, and the design of our support services. 

Graduate
Success. We look for opportunities to improve our student s educational experience and increase the likelihood of students
successfully completing their programs. Our programs surround students with a supportive, flexible, and engaging environment to help
them achieve academic success. To foster that environment, we maintain a comprehensive focus on improving early cohort persistence, a
personalized on-boarding experience for new learners, simplified administrative interactions, and continuous improvements in the quality
and frequency of interaction between our learners and our faculty. 

Relationship-Based
Marketing. We continue to focus on building our brands and establishing our strong differentiation as a provider of high quality
and professionally aligned educational offerings as well as an innovative and leading provider of job-ready skills for the 21 st
 century workforce. We continue to expand on this differentiation through a variety of initiatives, including creating brand recognition,
optimizing marketing efforts, interacting with prospective students earlier in the decision process and expanding strategic employer
relationships. Our marketing strategy is designed to attain greater strategic control over our new enrollment growth and strengthen engagement
with prospective as well and current students and graduates, who can act as advocates for our institutions. 

Innovation
and Diversification. We seek to expand the addressable market by investing in innovation, student success, academic infrastructure,
and new business models. We also seek to drive growth through a multifaceted strategy of enhancing existing program offerings, developing
new and innovative programs, and branching and acquisitions. 

Competition 

The
for-profit, post-secondary education industry is highly competitive and highly fragmented with no single participant controlling a significant
market share. We compete for students with traditional public and private two-year and four-year degree-granting accredited colleges
and universities, other proprietary degree-granting accredited schools, and alternatives to higher education. In addition, we face competition
from various non-traditional, credit-bearing and noncredit-bearing education programs, provided by both proprietary and not-for-profit
providers, including massive open online courses offered worldwide without charge by traditional educational institutions and other direct-to-consumer
education services. As the proportion of traditional colleges providing alternative learning modalities increases, we will face increasing
competition for students from traditional colleges, including colleges with well-established reputations for excellence. As online learning
matures as a modality for education delivery across higher education, we believe that the intensity of the competition we face will continue
to increase. 

9 

We
believe the key factors affecting our competitive position include the quality of the programs offered, the quality of other services
provided to students, our reputation among students and in the general marketplace, the cost and perceived value of our offerings, the
employment rate and terms of employment for our graduates, the ease of access to our offerings, the quality and reputation of our faculty
and other employees, the quality of our campus facilities and online platform, the time commitment required to complete our program and
obtain a degree, the quality and size of our alumni base, and our relationship with other learning institutions. 

Some
of our local competitors include San Joaquin Valley College, Charter College Lancaster, Career Care Institute, UEI College, Bakersfield
College and the Pima Medical Institute. Such competitors may have greater financial resources and greater brand recognition than us.
For example, public institutions receive government subsidies and other financial sources not available to for-profit schools. 

Marketing
and Recruiting 

We
use a variety of marketing and recruiting methods to attract students and increase enrollment. Our marketing and recruiting efforts are
targeted at prospective students who are high school graduates entering the workforce, or who are currently underemployed or unemployed
and require additional training to enter or re-enter the workforce. 

Marketing
and Advertising. We advertise through a variety of marketing channels to inform prospective students interested in entering or
advancing their healthcare careers about the college and the programs we offer. We utilize a fully integrated marketing approach in our
lead generation and admissions process that includes the use of traditional media such as radio, billboards, direct mail, a variety of
print media and event marketing campaigns. Our digital marketing efforts, which include paid search, search engine optimization, online
video and display advertising and social media, have grown significantly in recent years and currently drive the majority of our new
student leads and enrollments. Our websites integrated marketing campaigns direct prospective students to call us or visit the
HDMC, CCC and Integrity websites where they will find details regarding our programs and campuses and can request additional information
regarding the programs that interest them. 

Referrals.
 Referrals from current students, high school counselors and satisfied graduates and their employers have historically represented
approximately 36 of our new enrollments. Our school administrators actively work with our current students to encourage them to recommend
our programs to prospective students. We continue to build strong relationships with high school guidance counselors and instructors
by offering annual seminars at our training facilities to further familiarize these individuals on the strengths of our programs. 

Recruiting.
 Our recruiting efforts are conducted by a group of approximately 10 campus-based and field representatives who meet directly
with prospective students during presentations conducted at high schools, or during a visit to one of our campuses. 

Student
Support 

Admissions.
 Students enrolling in our programs must have a high school diploma or a General Educational Development Certificate and demonstrate
competence in writing and logical reasoning. Students must also complete an application and pass one or more entrance assessments, including
the Wonderlic Scholastic Level Exam (SLE) or HESI for the Veterinary Nurse program. While each of our programs has different admissions
criteria, we screen all applications and counsel the students on the most appropriate program to increase the likelihood that our students
complete the requisite coursework and obtain and sustain employment following graduation. As of June 30, 2024, our diverse student body
war comprising 72 Hispanic, 10 White, 6 Black/African American, 5 Asian, and 2 American Indian students. The age distribution shows
43 of our students are 25 and older, while 57 are 24 and younger, with a significant majority of 92 being women and 8 men. 

Enrollment.
 We enroll students continuously throughout the year, with our largest classes enrolling in late summer or early fall following
high school graduation. We had 2,187 students enrolled as of June 30, 2024, an increase of 28.2 compared to 1,705
students as of June 30, 2023 Our expanding student body reflects the trust and confidence in our educational offerings and our
ability to prepare students for successful careers. 

10 

The
chart below outlines our quarterly consolidated new student starts and end of quarter student enrollment across our colleges. 

September 30, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 
 March
31, 
 2023 
 June
30, 
 2023 
 September 30, 2023 
 December 31, 2023 
 March
31, 
 2024 
 June
 30, 
 2024 
 
 Consolidated 

Starts 
 500 
 273 
 504 
 391 
 627 
 337 
 570 
 497 
 
 Ending Enrollment 
 1,727 
 1,648 
 1,799 
 1,705 
 2,024 
 1,912 
 2,166 
 2,187 
 
 Year over Year ) 

Starts 

25 
 23 
 13 
 27 
 
 Ending Enrollment 

17 
 16 
 20 
 28 

Retention.
 To maximize student retention, the staff at each school is trained to recognize the early warning signs of a potential drop and
to assist and advise students on academic, financial, employment and personal matters. We monitor weekly our retention rates by instructor,
course, program and school. When we become aware that a particular instructor or program is experiencing a higher than normal dropout
rate, we quickly seek to determine the cause of the problem and attempt to correct it. When we identify that a student is experiencing
difficulty academically, we offer tutoring, remediation and assistance and guidance from the program director. With an average program
retention rate of 86 , our focus on student success and support throughout their educational journey is evident. 

Outcome.
 Our core mission is to prepare students for competitive careers in their chosen fields. As of June 30, 2024, we boast an average
placement rate of 78 , with individual rates of 76 for High Desert Medical College, 73 for Central Coast College, and an impressive
85 for Integrity College of Health. Additionally, our students have achieved a 79 NCLEX Pass Rate and a 64 Vet Tech Pass Rate, demonstrating
the effectiveness of our programs. 

Faculty
and Employees 

Across
the organization, we seek to hire faculty who have teaching and/or practitioner experience in their particular discipline and who possess
significant and appropriate academic credentials. We hire our faculty in accordance with established criteria set by the California Code
of Regulations and accreditation standards, including relevant work experience and educational background. We require meaningful industry
experience of our teaching staff in order to maintain the quality of instruction in all of our programs and to address current and industry-specific
issues in our course content. In addition, we provide intensive instructional training and continuing education, including quarterly
instructional development seminars, annual reviews, technical upgrade training, faculty development plans and weekly staff meetings. 

We
also employ non-faculty staff in student services, academic advising and academic support, enrollment services, administration, financial
aid, information technology, human resources, finance and other administrative functions. The staff of each campus typically includes
a campus director, a career services coordinator, a financial-aid officer and a career advisor and instructors, all of whom are industry
professionals with experience in our areas of study. 

As
of June 30, 2024, we had approximately 68 full-time faculty, including program directors, as well as approximately 71 part-time faculty. 

As
of June 30, 2024, we and our institution also employed approximately 127 combined non-faculty staff in the areas of university services,
academic advising and academic support, enrollment services, university administration, financial aid, information technology, human
resources, corporate accounting, finance and other administrative functions. None of our employees is a party to any collective bargaining
or similar agreement with us. 

11 

Education
Regulations 

As
a provider of postsecondary education, we are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and accrediting agencies. The applicable
educational regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of the operations of our institutions, including, but not limited to,
educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting,
financial operations, data security and privacy, adequacy and substantiation of graduation and job placement rates and other student
outcomes, distribution of information to current and prospective students, professional licensure requirements, payment of refunds to
students who withdraw, the receipt of federal and state financial aid by our students (including institutional, programmatic, and student
eligibility requirements), private and institutional loan programs, distance education, third party servicers, written arrangements with
other institutions or organizations to provide some or all of an educational program, student complaints, student services, student admissions,
transfer of academic credits, acquisitions or openings of new institutions, additions of new campuses and educational programs, closure
or relocation of existing locations and changes in corporate structure and ownership. 

Each
of our institutions (HDMC, CCC, and Integrity) participate in the Title IV Programs, as well as other federal and state financial aid
programs and are subject to extensive regulation by ED, other federal and state educational agencies and accreditors. CCC and HDMC are
approved to offer, and must comply with applicable requirements related to, veterans education assistance administered by the Department
of Veterans Affairs VA ), Cal Grants administered by the California Student Aid Commission, and funds administered under
the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue and cash flows from the Title IV Programs
and a significant portion of our students rely on financial aid received under the Title IV Programs in order to attend our institutions.
To participate in the Title IV Programs, an institution must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state education agencies,
be accredited by an accrediting body recognized by ED, hold programmatic accreditation if required by a state or federal agency (including
as a condition of employment in the occupation for which the institutional program prepares the students), and be certified by ED as
an eligible institution. 

The
laws, regulations, standards and policies of our regulators change periodically and are subject to new and changing interpretation by
our regulators. Changes in, or new interpretations of, applicable laws, regulations, standards, or policies, or our failure to comply
with those laws, regulations, standards, or policies could have a material adverse effect on our receipt of funds under the Title IV
Programs and other federal and state financial aid programs, the accreditation of our institutions and programs, the authorization of
our institutions to operate in various states, our permissible activities, or our costs of doing business. We cannot predict with certainty
how all of the requirements applied by our regulators will be interpreted or whether our institutions will be able to comply with these
requirements in the future. Given the complex nature of these requirements and the fact that they are subject to interpretation, it is
possible that we may inadvertently violate these laws, regulations, standards, or policies. If we are found to have violated any applicable
regulations, laws, standards or policies, we may be subject to liabilities, sanctions, and other consequences. See Risk Factor
- If our institutions fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements applicable to our business, we could incur financial
penalties, restrictions on our operations, loss of federal and state financial aid funding for our students, loss of accreditation, or
loss of our authorization to operate our institutions or our educational programs . 

Under
the provisions of the HEA, an institution must apply to ED for continued certification to participate in the Title IV Programs at least
every six years or when it undergoes a change in ownership resulting in a change of control. ED defines an institution to consist of
both a main campus and its additional locations, if any. Under this definition, for ED purposes, we operate the following three institutions,
collectively consisting of three main campuses and two additional locations: HDMC with locations in Lancaster, Bakersfield, and Temecula,
CCC with a location in Salinas, and Integrity with a location in Pasadena. Generally, the recertification process includes a review by
ED of an institution s educational programs and locations, administrative capability, financial responsibility and other oversight
categories. The current expiration date of the program participation agreements for HDMC and CCC is September 30, 2026. Integrity is
currently participating in the Title IV Programs under a temporary provisional program participation agreement in connection with its
change in ownership and control resulting from our acquisition of the institution. The temporary provisional program participation agreement
had an expiration date of November 30, 2020 but continues on a month-to-month basis thereafter based on the institution s submission
to ED of certain required documentation and remains in effect until the conclusion of ED s review of Integrity s pending
application for approval of its change in ownership and control. 

12 

ED
typically provides provisional certification to an institution following a change in ownership resulting in a change of control and also
may provisionally certify an institution for other reasons, including, but not limited to, noncompliance with certain standards of administrative
capability and financial responsibility. Our Integrity institution is currently approved under a temporary provisional program participation
agreement which (as described in a subsequent section) permits an institution to continue participating in the Title IV Programs on a
month-to-month basis while ED reviews the change in ownership and as long as the institution timely submits certain documentation to
ED during the process. An institution that is provisionally certified receives fewer due process rights than those received by other
institutions in the event ED takes certain adverse actions against the institution, is required to obtain prior ED approvals of new campuses
and educational programs and may be subject to heightened scrutiny by ED. However, provisional certification does not otherwise limit
an institution s access to Title IV Program funds. 

On
October 31, 2023, ED published a final rule revising its Title IV Program certification regulations with an effective date of July 1,
2024. The rule codifies additional grounds for placing an institution on provisional certification, including a determination by ED that
an institution is at risk of closure and ED s consideration of supplementary performance measures that include an institution s
withdrawal rate, recruiting expenses, and licensure pass rate. The revised certification regulations also increase the number of requirements
contained in an institution s Program Participation Agreement (including, for example, a requirement to comply with all state laws
related to closure), require certain ownership entities to sign the Program Participation Agreement, establish new standards for maximum
program length (including a prohibition on the length of certain educational programs from exceeding the required minimum number of hours
established by applicable state(s) for entry-level training requirements for the occupation for which the programs train students), requires
certification that an institution s programs meet applicable educational requirements for graduates to obtain required occupational
licensure or certification in a state, and restricts the ability of institutions to withhold transcripts. The revised regulations also
impose new potential conditions on provisionally certified institutions, including but not limited to the submission of teach-out and/or
document retention plans, growth restrictions, acquisition restrictions, additional reporting requirements, limitations on written arrangements,
and additional conditions applicable to institutions found to have engaged in substantial misrepresentations or institutions seeking
to convert to nonprofit status following a change in ownership. The revised certification regulations are expansive, complex and could
be difficult for our institutions to comply with its applicable requirements as interpreted by ED. If ED finds that any of our institutions
do not fully satisfy all required eligibility and certification standards, ED could limit, condition, suspend, terminate, revoke, or
decline to renew our institutions participation in the Title IV Programs or impose liabilities or other sanctions. Continued Title
IV Program eligibility is critical to the operation of our business. If our institutions become ineligible to participate in the Title
IV Programs, or have that participation significantly conditioned, we may be unable to conduct our business as it is currently conducted
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

State
Authorization. Our institutions are subject to the educational laws and regulations of the State of California where our physical
campuses are located. We also may be subject to the educational laws of other states if we acquire a new institution in the state or
if one of our institutions adds a new campus in the state or otherwise conducts other operations in the state covered by applicable state
educational law including, but not limited to, student recruitment, advertising, or certain types of distance education. State educational
laws establish standards and requirements for, among other things, student instruction, faculty qualifications, campuses and facilities,
educational programs, financial stability, administrative staff, marketing and recruiting, distribution of information to current and
prospective students, payment of refunds to students who withdraw, private and institutional loans, distance education, student services,
student complaints, student admissions, transfer of academic credits, substantive changes, acquisitions, and policies and minimum graduation
and job placement outcomes for institutions and/or their individual educational programs. Our institutions are authorized to operate
by the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education BPPE ). We also may be required to obtain approvals and comply
with requirements of state agencies that regulate certain occupational educational programs such as, for example, VN and phlebotomy.
The California Board of Registered Nurses approves the Associate degree of Nursing program at HDMC. The VN programs at HDMC and Integrity
are approved by BVNPT. The phlebotomy programs at HDMC and CCC are approved by California Department of Public Health. In addition, we
are subject to state consumer protection laws. 

Attorneys
general in many states have become more active in enforcing consumer protection laws, including, for example, laws related to marketing,
advertising and recruiting practices and the financing of education at for-profit educational institutions. Further, some state attorneys
general have partnered with the CFPB, the FTC, and other federal and state agencies to review industry practices and collaborate on enforcement
actions against educational institutions. These actions increase the likelihood of scrutiny of marketing, advertising, recruiting, financing,
and other practices of educational institutions and may result in unforeseen consequences, increasing risk and making our operating environment
more challenging. 

13 

Adverse
media coverage regarding the allegations of state consumer protection law violations by us or other for-profit education companies could
damage our reputation, result in decreased enrollments, revenues and profitability and have a negative impact on our stock price. Such
coverage could also result in continued scrutiny and regulation by ED, Congress, accreditors, state legislatures, state attorneys general
or other governmental authorities of us and other for-profit educational institutions. 

State
education laws and regulations may limit our campuses ability to operate or to award degrees, diplomas, or certificates or offer
new programs. Moreover, under the HEA, authorization by state education agencies is necessary to maintain eligibility to participate
in the Title IV Programs. ED regulations also require institutions offering postsecondary education through distance education to students
located in a state in which the institution is not physically located (as determined by the institution at the time of a student s
initial enrollment and, if applicable, upon formal receipt of information from the student that their location has changed to another
state) to meet state educational requirements in that state or participate in a state authorization reciprocity agreement in order to
disburse Title IV funds to such students. We have obtained approval to offer portions of our programs via distance education from ACCET
for CCC and HDMC, ABHES for Integrity, and from BPPE for HDMC, CCC, and Integrity. The State of California does not, however, presently
participate in any state authorization reciprocity agreement whereby our institutions may offer programs via distance education to students
located in other states without our applicable state authorizations from those other states. Our institutions presently do not have any
state postsecondary authorizations outside of California. In addition, an institution must make disclosures readily available to enrolled
and prospective students regarding whether programs leading to professional licensure or certification meet state educational requirements,
and provide a direct disclosure to students in writing if the program leading to professional licensure or certification does not meet
state educational requirements in the state in which the student is located (which is only California for our current students). Under
ED s rules effective July 1, 2024, an institution must certify that its programs satisfy the applicable educational requirements
for professional licensure or certification needed to practice or find employment in an occupation for which the program prepares a student
in the state in which the school or where a student is located or intends to seek employment (which, although our current students are
located in California, could be a state other than California and could require us to refrain from enrolling students in a state if our
program does not satisfy the applicable educational requirements in the state). We believe the Title IV-eligible educational programs
offered by our institutions satisfy all currently applicable state educational requirements for professional licensure or certification.
ED also commenced a negotiated rulemaking process to develop new regulations on topics that include state authorization and convened
a negotiated rulemaking committee to consider proposals from January through March 2024. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed
rules related to cash management, state authorization and accreditation will be published by next year. We cannot predict the ultimate
timing or content of any new regulations that might emerge from this process. See Risk Factors at Additional ED or other rulemaking
could materially and adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

State
legislatures often consider legislation affecting regulation of postsecondary educational institutions. Our institutions are located
in California which has expansive laws and regulations impacting for-profit schools like our institutions. Enactment of this legislation
and ensuing regulations, or changes in interpretation of existing regulations, may impose substantial costs on our institutions and require
them to modify their operations in order to comply with the new regulations. If we are unable to comply with applicable past, current
or future state education, consumer protection, licensing, authorization or other requirements, or determine that we are unable to cost
effectively comply with new or revised requirements, we could be subject to liabilities, sanctions and other consequences. See Risk
Factor Any failure to comply with educational laws and regulatory requirements, including educational requirements, or new
state legislative or regulatory initiatives affecting our institutions, could have a material adverse effect on our total student enrollment,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows . 

Institutional
Accreditation. In the U.S., accrediting agencies are non-governmental entities that periodically review the academic quality
of an institution s instructional programs and its administrative and financial operations to ensure the institution has the resources
to perform its educational mission. Accrediting agencies impose standards that extend to most aspects of an institution s operations
and educational programs including, but not limited to, requirements to maintain threshold graduation and job placement rates for its
educational programs. HDMC and CCC are currently accredited by ACCET through April 2029 and April 2025, respectively. Integrity is accredited
by ABHES through February 2026. ED requires an institution to be accredited by an ED-recognized accrediting agency in order for the institution
to participate in the Title IV Programs. ACCET and ABHES are ED-recognized accrediting agencies. The failure to comply with accreditation
standards could subject an institution to additional requirements, sanctions, and consequences including the potential loss of accreditation.
See Risk Factor - If one or more of our institutions fails to maintain institutional accreditation, or if certain of our programs
cannot obtain or maintain programmatic accreditation, our student enrollments would diminish and our business would suffer . 

14 

Programmatic
Accreditation . Many states and professional associations require professional programs to be accredited. While programmatic
accreditation is not a sufficient basis to qualify for institutional Title IV Program certification, programmatic accreditation may improve
employment opportunities for program graduates in their chosen field. Moreover, ED requires an institution to hold programmatic accreditation
for an educational program if required by a state or federal agency (including as a condition of employment in the occupation for which
the institutional program prepares the students). The veterinary technology program at CCC is accredited by American Veterinary Medical
Association. Integrity s Registered Nurse to Bachelor of Science in Nursing holds pre-accreditation candidacy status from the Commission
for Nursing Education Accreditation. All of the Title IV-eligible educational programs offered by our institutions are within the scope
of institutional accreditation from either ACCET or ABHES, and we do not believe any of our Title IV-eligible educational programs that
do not hold programmatic accreditation are required to hold programmatic accreditation by any currently applicable state or federal agency.
Those of our programs that do not have programmatic accreditation, where available, or fail to maintain such accreditation, may experience
adverse publicity, loss of access to Title IV funds, declining enrollments, litigation or other claims from students or suffer other
adverse impacts, which could result in it being impractical for us to continue offering such programs. 

ED
Recognition of Accrediting Agencies. Our participation in the Title IV Programs is dependent on ED continuing to recognize the
accrediting agencies that accredit our colleges and universities. Each of our institutions currently are accredited by an ED-recognized
accrediting agency. The standards and practices of these agencies have become a focus of attention by state attorneys general, members
of Congress, ED s Office of Inspector General and ED over recent years, and are the subject of upcoming rulemaking. ED held negotiated
rulemaking sessions between January and March 2024, and the negotiators did not reach consensus on proposed language. ED proposed expanding
requirements related to accrediting agencies conflict of interest policies and student achievement standards, for example. On
July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed rules related to cash management, state authorization and accreditation will be published by
next year. ED has indicated during negotiated rulemaking its intent to require accreditors to take action against institutions more promptly
when accreditors identify noncompliance and to modify accreditor review of substantive changes and limit the time an institution can
remain in noncompliance with accrediting agency standards, which could increase the amount of enforcement activities by accrediting agencies
against institutions like ours. ED also proposed expanding requirements related to accrediting agencies conflict of interest policies
and student achievement standards, for example. 

This
focus may make the accreditation review process longer and potentially more challenging for our institutions when they undergo their
normal accreditation review processes. It may also make the process by which ED evaluates and recognizes accreditors as appropriate Title
IV Program gatekeepers longer and more challenging for our accreditors. ED recognized accreditors are facing increased political pressure
as part of this recognition process to apply heightened levels of scrutiny or review and/or apply new requirements or standards to for-profit
institutions. These pressures may result in future modifications to accreditation criteria, practices or other policies and procedures,
with which our institutions may not be able to comply. If ED withdraws recognition from ACCET and/or ABHES, ED may continue our schools 
eligibility for a period of up to 18 months from the date of the withdrawal of recognition, and our schools could apply for accreditation
from the other ED-recognized accrediting agencies. ED could impose provisional certification and other conditions and restrictions on
our schools during this period. If ACCET and/or ABHES lose recognition from ED and our schools are unable to obtain accreditation from
a different ED-recognized accrediting agency in the quired time period, our schools could lose eligibility to participate in Title IV
Programs. 

Congressional
Action. The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the HEA and other laws governing the Title IV Programs and annually determine
the funding level for each Title IV Program, and may pass new laws or revise existing laws at any time. Political and budgetary concerns
significantly affect the Title IV Programs. We cannot predict when or whether Congress will consider or vote on legislation to reauthorize
the HEA or to create new laws or revise existing laws. Furthermore, we cannot predict with any certainty the outcome of the HEA reauthorization
process nor the extent to which any legislation that Congress could adopt at any time could materially affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. However, recent elections have increased the number and influence of legislators and regulators
who have been critical of the for-profit postsecondary education sector that includes our institutions, which has led and could continue
to lead to significant legislative changes in connection with amendments to the HEA, annual appropriations, or other changes to laws,
that have been and may continue to be adverse to our institutions and other for-profit institutions. Moreover, current requirements for
student or school participation in Title IV Programs may change or one or more of the present Title IV Programs could be replaced by
other programs with materially different student or school eligibility requirements. For example, ARPA was signed into law in March 2021
and included, among other things, a provision that amended the 90/10 Rule in the HEA. See Risk Factors - Our institutions could
lose their eligibility to participate in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable
federal student aid programs is too high. If we cannot comply with the provisions of the HEA, as they may be enforced or amended,
or if the cost of such compliance is excessive, or if funding is materially reduced, our revenues or profit margin could be materially
adversely affected. 

15 

Financial
Value Transparency and Gainful Employment Regulations. In May 2021, ED announced its intention to initiate a rulemaking process
on several topics, including gainful employment. On May 19, 2023, ED published a notice of proposed rulemaking on financial value transparency
and gainful employment, and on October 10, 2023, ED published final regulations which became effective on July 1, 2024. Multiple lawsuits
have been filed challenging these regulations, however, we cannot predict the outcome of these cases. The financial value transparency
and gainful employment regulations include standards for annually evaluating postsecondary educational programs based on the calculation
of debt-to-earnings rates and an earnings premium measure. The rule establishes formulae for calculating these rates using
data such as student debt, student earnings data, and median earnings data for working adults with only a high school diploma or GED,
which the rule uses to compare to median earnings data of the institution s graduates. Under the regulations, ED will annually
calculate and publish the debt-to-earnings rates and median earnings data for our educational programs. If these calculations show that
any of our educational programs do not comply with debt-to-earnings or median earnings regulatory thresholds for two of three consecutive
years, those educational programs would lose Title IV Program eligibility. ED also requires institutions to provide warnings to current
and prospective students about programs in danger of losing of Title IV Program eligibility which could negatively impact our retention
of current students and enrollment of new students in these programs. The regulations also require certifications and data reporting
to ED and providing required student disclosures related to gainful employment. Some of the data ED will use to calculate the debt-to-earnings
rates and earnings premium measures is not yet readily accessible to institutions. Therefore, it is difficult for us to predict how our
institutions will perform under the new standards and the extent to which our programs could lose Title IV Program eligibility under
the new standards. We also do not have control over some of the factors that could impact the rates and measures for our programs which
could make it difficult to mitigate the impact of the regulations on our programs. However, the new regulations could require us to modify
or eliminate programs to comply with the new regulations and could result in the loss of Title IV Program eligibility for our programs
that fail to comply with the regulations which could have a material adverse effect on our student population and our revenues. See Risk
Factor - ED s financial value transparency and gainful employment regulations may limit the programs we can offer students and
 increase our cost of operations. 

Borrower
Defense to Repayment Regulations. In 1994, pursuant to certain provisions of the Higher Education Act, ED published its first
version of the borrower defense to repayment BDR regulations which generally allow federal student loan
borrowers to assert a defense to repaying their federal loans based on the conduct of the institution they attended. The amount of loans
discharged by ED pursuant to an adjudicated BDR claim may be assessed by ED as a Title IV Program liability against the institution.
On November 1, 2016, the Department adopted revised BDR regulations that became effective on July 1, 2017. Under the 2017 version of
the BDR regulations, borrowers with federal student loans disbursed after July 1, 2017 can assert a defense to repayment and be eligible
for relief based on a nondefault, favorable, contested judgement against the institution from a state or federal court; a claim that
the institution failed to perform its obligations under a contract with the student or a claim the institution committed a substantial
misrepresentation on which the borrower reasonably relied to his or her detriment. On September 23, 2019, the Department again
revised its BDR regulations effective July 1, 2020, and created a distinct standard and process for BDR applications applicable to federal
student loans first disbursed after July 1, 2020. Under the 2019 version of the BDR regulations, a borrower can assert a defense to repayment
and be eligible for relief if the borrower establishes that the institution made a misrepresentation of material fact upon which the
borrower reasonably relied in deciding to obtain their loan; the misrepresentation related to the borrower s enrollment or continuing
enrollment at the institution or the provision of education services for which the loan was made; and the borrower was financially harmed
by the misrepresentation.. 

On
November 1, 2022, ED again revised the BDR regulations with an effective date of July 1, 2023. The 2022 version of the BDR regulations
included amendments regarding, among other things, (i) acts or omissions by or on behalf of an institution of higher education a borrower
may assert as a defense to repayment of certain Title IV Program loans; (ii) procedures for adjudicating borrower defense claims, and
(iii) prohibiting the use of mandatory pre-dispute arbitration clauses and class action waivers in enrollment agreements and requiring
disclosures of judicial and arbitration filings and awards pertaining to a borrower defense claim. 

16 

Among
other things, the revised 2022 version of the BDR regulations also amended the processes for borrowers to receive from ED a discharge
of the obligation to repay certain Title IV Program loans when the BDR applications is received on or after, or pending with ED as of
July 1, 2023. The revised 2022 version of the BDR regulations applies the revised federal BDR standard to all BDR claims received on
or after, or pending with the Secretary as of July 1, 2023, but would not allow for recovery against institutions for discharged amounts
first disbursed prior to July 1, 2023 unless the BDR claim would have been approved under the substantive BDR standard applicable to
the time period in which the loan was disbursed as set forth in the prior versions of the BDR regulations. The defenses to repayment
are based on certain acts or omissions, including misrepresentations by an institution or a covered party. The regulations establish
detailed procedures and standards for the loan discharge processes, including the information required for borrowers to receive a loan
discharge, and the authority of ED to seek recovery from the institution of the amount of discharged loans. The 2022 version of the revised
BDR regulations were to take effect on July 1, 2023, in addition to certain closed school loan discharge provisions part of the same
rule, but are currently enjoined by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, pursuant to litigation captioned Career Colleges
and Schools of Texas v. U.S. Department of Education, No. 23-50491. The Career Colleges and Schools of Texas CCST filed
a complaint challenging the regulations in February 2023. In April 2024, the Fifth Circuit granted a preliminary injunction to block
enforcement of the revised 2022 version of the BDR regulations while the case is pending. Therefore, the amendments to the BDR regulations
that were to take effect on July 1, 2023 are not in effect, but the previous BDR regulations in effect prior to July 1, 2023, generally
remain in effect in the meantime and apply different substantive standards and procedures based on when a BDR claimant s loans
were disbursed. We cannot predict the outcome of this case or if and when the revised BDR regulations could take effect. 

On
June 22, 2022, ED reached a settlement with plaintiffs in the case titled Sweet v. Cardona , which was filed by student loan borrowers
to challenge ED s adjudication of BDR claims. The settlement resulted in automatic relief of claims pending as of June 22, 2022
that were filed against institutions on a list of about 150 institutions named in the settlement agreement, which did not include any
of our institutions. In addition, under the settlement, any borrower who filed a defense to repayment claim between June 22, 2022 and
November 15, 2022 are Post-Class Applicants whose applications will be adjudicated under the 2016 version of the BDR regulations
and will be decided by January 2026. HDMC received and timely responded to seven BDR applications from Post-Class Applicants. CCC and
Integrity have not received any BDR applications from Post-Class Applicants. It is possible that we could receive BDR claims in the future.
If we or our representatives are found to have engaged in certain acts or omissions under the broad definitions contained in the 2016
version of the BDR regulations, or other BDR regulations that could be in place in the future, we could be subject to substantial repayment
obligations and subject to other sanctions. 

The
enjoined 2022 version of the BDR regulations, and the versions of the BDR regulations that are currently in effect and that could be
in effect in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows
and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to operate, including a requirement that our institutions
to submit a letter of credit based on expanded standards of financial responsibility. See Financial Responsibility Standards. 

The
current ED administration has been more active in processing BDR applications and has recently distributed claims to institutions for
an opportunity to respond to borrower allegations. ED may, on its own or in response to other constituencies, allocate additional resources
to reviewing and adjudicating BDR applications from federal student loan borrowers. We cannot predict how many BDR applications have
been filed by our former students, but if we receive such claims from ED, we may incur significant costs in responding to the borrower
allegations and, if adjudicated as valid by ED, repaying the federal government for the amount of loans discharged pursuant to such claims. 

90/10
Revenue Test. Under the HEA, a proprietary institution that derives more than 90 of its total revenue from the Title IV Programs
or, for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2023 from all federal educational assistance funds) for two consecutive fiscal
years becomes immediately ineligible to participate in the Title IV Programs and may not reapply for eligibility until the end of at
least two fiscal years 90/10 Rule ). An institution whose receipts of applicable funds exceeds 90 of revenue for a single
fiscal year will be placed on provisional certification, be required to notify ED and its students of the possibility of a loss of Title
IV Program eligibility, and may be subject to other enforcement measures, including a requirement to submit a letter of credit. See Financial
Responsibility Standards. If an institution violated the 90/10 Rule and became ineligible to participate in Title IV Programs
but continued to disburse Title IV Program funds, ED would require the institution to repay all Title IV Program funds received by the
institution after the effective date of the loss of eligibility. 

We
have calculated the 90/10 Rule percentage for the 2023, 2022 and 2021 fiscal years as follows for HDMC, CCC and Integrity: HDMC 84.53 ,
82.17 and 84.24 ; CCC 74.48 , 72.34 and 71.18 ; and Integrity 88.14 , 85.43 and 89.47, respectively. Our 90/10 calculations are subject
to review and potential recalculation by ED. As a result, we do not expect the ARPA amendment to the 90/10 Rule to apply to our 90/10
Rule percentages until our 2023 fiscal year. In addition, the 90/10 Rule is complex and there is some ambiguity in certain technical
aspects of the calculation methodology by ED under the 90/10 Rule. If ED comes out with additional guidance of interpretations that are
different than our interpretations, ED could recalculate the 90/10 Rule percentages of our institutions, which could result in one or
more of the percentages exceeding 90 percent. A loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV Programs for any of our institutions would
have a significant impact on the rate at which our students enroll in our programs and on our business and results of operations. Moreover,
if an institution violated the 90/10 Rule and became ineligible to participate in Title IV Programs but continued to disburse Title IV
Program funds, ED would require the institution to repay all Title IV Program funds received by the institution after the effective date
of the loss of eligibility. 

17 

The
American Rescue Plan Act ARPA amended the 90/10 Rule by treating other federal student financial assistance funds in
the same manner as Title IV Program funds in the 90/10 Rule calculation. This amendment requires our institutions to limit the combined
amount of Title IV Program funds and other federal student financial assistance funds in a fiscal year to no more than 90 in a fiscal
year as calculated under the 90/10 Rule. ED published final regulations on the 90/10 Rule on October 28, 2022. The final regulations
became effective July 1, 2023 and applied to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2023 (which will be the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2024 for our schools). The new rule modified how institutions counted revenue when calculating compliance with the 90/10 Rule,
and added a requirement to notify students of the potential loss of eligibility resulting from not meeting the 90/10 standard, among
other changes. ED published a Notice in the Federal Register listing the types of funds that are considered federal education assistance
funds under the new 90/10 Rule. The funds include GI Bill funding and Military Tuition Assistance, among other sources of funds. We expect
the change in the 90/10 Rule will increase our 90/10 Rule percentages and make it more difficult to comply with the 90/10 Rule and could
require changes to our operations in order to maintain compliance. 

Additional
ED regulations restrict the ability of instructions to limit the amount of Title IV Program loans that students and parents may borrow
which can impact our ability to control compliance with the 90/10 Rule at our institutions. In addition, there is a lack of clarity regarding
some of the technical aspects of the calculation methodology under the 90/10 Rule, which may lead to regulatory action or investigation
by ED. Changes in, or new interpretations of the calculation methodology or other industry practices under the 90/10 Rule could further
significantly impact our compliance with the 90/10 Rule, and responding to any review or investigation by ED involving us could require
a significant amount of resources. 

Efforts
to reduce the 90/10 Rule percentage for our institutions have and may in the future involve taking measures that involve interpretations
of the 90/10 Rule that are without clear precedent, reduce our revenue or increase our operating expenses (or all of the foregoing, in
each case perhaps significantly). Because of the changes to the 90/10 Rule made by ARPA and ED, we may be required to make structural
changes to our business to remain in compliance, which changes may materially alter the manner in which we conduct our business and materially
and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, these required changes could
be unsuccessful and could make more difficult our ability to comply with other important regulatory requirements, such as the cohort
default rate regulations. 

However,
we cannot predict the need or timing of any such changes, whether these changes would be successful in maintaining compliance with the
90/10 Rule or whether such changes will have other adverse effects on our business. 

Cohort
default rate. The HEA limits participation in the Title IV Programs by institutions whose percentage of former students who defaulted
on the repayment of certain federally guaranteed or funded student loans (the cohort default rate exceeds prescribed thresholds.
ED calculates these rates based on the number of students who have defaulted, not the dollar amount of such defaults. The cohort default
rate is calculated on a federal fiscal year basis and measures the percentage of students who enter repayment of a loan during the federal
fiscal year and default on the loan on or before the end of the federal fiscal year or the subsequent two federal fiscal years. 

18 

Under
the HEA, an institution whose cohort default rate is 30 or greater for three consecutive federal fiscal years loses eligibility to participate
in certain Title IV Programs and the Pell programs for the remainder of the federal fiscal year in which ED determines that such institution
has lost its eligibility and for the two subsequent federal fiscal years. An institution whose cohort default rate for any single federal
fiscal year exceeds 40 loses its eligibility to participate in certain Title IV Programs for the remainder of the federal fiscal year
in which ED determines that such institution has lost its eligibility and for the two subsequent federal fiscal years. If an institution s
three-year cohort default rate equals or exceeds 30 in two of the three most recent federal fiscal years for which ED has issued cohort
default rates, the institution may be placed on provisional certification status and could be required to submit a letter of credit to
ED. See Risk Factor - A failure to maintain compliance with ED s financial responsibility requirements
would have negative impacts on our operations . 

In
September 2023, ED released the final cohort default rates for the 2020 federal fiscal year. These are the most recent final rates published
by ED. The rates for our existing institutions for the 2020, 2019, and 2018 federal fiscal years are as follows: HDMC 0, 1.1 , and 3.4 ;
CCC 0 , 1.4 , and 2.5 ; and Integrity 0 , 2.5 , and 4.0 ., respectively Consequently, none of our institutions had a cohort default rate
equal to or greater than 30 for the 2020, 2019, or 2018 federal fiscal years. During the COVID-19 pandemic, ED temporarily suspended
federal student loan repayment obligations. This suspension, which lasted over three years, contributed to a reduction in our cohort
default rates. Our cohort default rates could be substantially higher for the periods after the suspension expired if borrowers do not
timely repay their federal student loans. 

Financial
Responsibility Standards. All institutions participating in the Title IV Programs must satisfy specific standards of financial
responsibility. ED evaluates institutions for compliance with these standards each year, based on the institution s annual audited
financial statements, as well as following a change in ownership resulting in a change of control of the institution. The most significant
financial responsibility measurement is the institution s composite score, which is calculated by ED based on three ratios: 

the
 equity ratio, which measures the institution s capital resources, ability to borrow and financial viability; 

the
 primary reserve ratio, which measures the institution s ability to support current operations from expendable resources; and 

the
 net income ratio, which measures the institution s ability to operate at a profit. 

ED
assigns a strength factor to the results of each of these ratios on a scale from negative 1.0 to positive 3.0, with negative 1.0 reflecting
financial weakness and positive 3.0 reflecting financial strength. ED then assigns a weighting percentage to each ratio and adds the
weighted scores for the three ratios together to produce a composite score for the institution. The composite score must be at least
1.5 for the institution to be deemed financially responsible without the need for further oversight. If an institution s composite
score is below 1.5, but is at least 1.0, it is in a category denominated by ED as the zone. Under ED regulations, institutions
that are in the zone typically may be permitted by ED to continue to participate in the Title IV Programs by choosing one of two alternatives:
1) the Zone Alternative under which an institution is required to make disbursements to students under the HCM1 payment
method (or another payment method that differs from the standard advance payment method) and to notify ED within 10 days after the occurrence
of certain oversight and financial events or 2) submit a letter of credit to ED equal to at least 50 percent of the Title IV Program
funds received by the institution during its most recent fiscal year. ED permits an institution to participate under the Zone
Alternative for a period of up to three consecutive fiscal years. Under the HCM1 payment method, the institution is required to
make Title IV Program disbursements to eligible students and parents before it requests or receives funds for the amount of those disbursements
from ED. Unlike the HCM2 and the reimbursement payment methods, the HCM1 payment method typically does not require schools to submit
documentation to ED and wait for ED approval before drawing down Title IV Program funds. Schools under HCM1, HCM2 or reimbursement payment
methods must also pay any credit balances due to a student before drawing down funds for the amount of those disbursements from ED, even
if the student or parent provides written authorization for the schools to hold the credit balance. 

If
an institution s composite score is below 1.0, the institution is considered by ED to lack financial responsibility. If ED determines
that an institution does not satisfy ED s financial responsibility standards, depending on its composite score and other factors,
that institution may establish its eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs on an alternative basis by, among other things: 

posting
 a letter of credit in an amount equal to at least 50 of the total Title IV Program funds received by the institution during the
 institution s most recently completed fiscal year; or 

19 

posting
 a letter of credit in an amount equal to at least 10 of the Title IV Program funds received by the institution during its most recently
 completed fiscal year accepting provisional certification; complying with additional ED monitoring requirements and agreeing to receive
 Title IV Program funds under an arrangement other than ED s standard advance funding arrangement. 

If,
in the future, we are required to satisfy ED s standards of financial responsibility on an alternative basis, including potentially
by posting irrevocable letters of credit, we may not have the capacity to post these letters of credit which could result in sanctions
including loss of Title IV Program eligibility. 

ED
annually evaluates the financial responsibility of HDMC, CCC, and Integrity on a consolidated basis. We have calculated our composite
score for the 2023 fiscal year to be 3.0; however, this score is subject to determination by ED based on its review of our consolidated
audited financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year. However, if our composite scores in the future were to decrease, we may become
subject to the additional requirements noted above or our Title IV Program eligibility could be affected. We cannot predict how long
it will take ED to make its determination or the outcome of its determination. On January 30, 2024, due to a failure to timely return
unearned Title IV funds to ED, Integrity was required to submit an acceptable form of financial protection for 25 of the refunds that
were made for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 in the amount of 18,828. 

On
October 31, 2023, ED published final regulations with a general effective date of July 1, 2024 that, among other things, amended the
 general standards of financial responsibility to revise the timeframe for institutions to submit annual audits, require
reporting on the status of foreign entity owners, and add events that constitute a failure to demonstrate an institution is able to meet
financial obligations. These regulations also modified the list of triggering events that could result in ED determining that the institution
lacks financial responsibility and must submit to ED a letter of credit or other form of acceptable financial protection and accept other
conditions on the institution s Title IV Program eligibility. The regulations create lists of mandatory triggering events and discretionary
triggering events. An institution is not able to meet its financial or administrative obligations if a mandatory triggering event occurs.
The mandatory triggering events include: 

an
 institution with a composite score of less than 1.5 has a recalculated composite score of less than 1.0 as determined by ED as a
 result of an institutional liability from a monetary award or judgment or settlement resulting from a legal proceeding; 

an
 institution (or an entity that has submitted financial statements to ED in connection with a change in ownership) is subject to a
 government enforcement action (sued by a federal or state authority or via a qui tam action) and the action has been pending for
 120 days and no motion to dismiss is pending or has been granted; 

the
 institution s recalculated composite score is less than 1.0 after ED initiates action to recoup funds from institution after
 BDR claim decided in borrower s favor; 

an
 institution or entity that submitted an application with ED for a change of ownership has a recalculated composite score is less
 than 1.0 after a final monetary judgment, award or settlement that was entered against it at any point through the end of the second
 full fiscal year after the change of ownership; 

a
 proprietary institution with a composite score of less than 1.5 or that underwent a change of ownership in the current or previous
 fiscal year has a recalculated composite score of. less than 1.0 as determined by ED as a result of a withdrawal of owner s
 equity from the institution unless certain exceptions apply; 

at
 least half of Title IV funds in the institution s most recently completed fiscal year are for failing gainful
 employment programs; 

the
 institution is required to submit a teach-out plan due to financial concerns; 

the
 SEC takes certain actions against a publicly listed entity that directly or indirectly owns at least 50 of an institution or such
 entity fails to comply with certain filing requirements; 

the
 institution did not receive at least 10 percent of its revenue from sources other than Federal educational assistance as calculated
 under 90/10 rule during its most recently completed fiscal year; 

20 

the
 institution s two most recent cohort default rates are 30 percent or greater, unless a pending appeal could reduce one of the
 rates 

the
 institution s composite score is less than 1.0 when recalculated to reflect the offset of distribution after a contribution; 

the
 institution or entity included in financial statements is subject to adverse or impermissible conditions under a financing arrangement
 as a result of ED action; 

the
 institution declares financial exigency to government agency or accrediting agency; 

the
 institution or an owner files for a receivership or is ordered to appoint a receiver. 

ED
also may determine that an institution lacks financial responsibility if one or more of the following discretionary triggering events
occurs and the event is likely to have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution: 

a
 show cause or similar order from the institution s accrediting agency or a government authority; 

a
 notice from the institution s state authorizing or licensing agency of an intent to withdraw or terminate the institution s
 state authorization or licensure if the institution does not take steps to comply with state requirements; 

the
 institution (or an owner entity covered by the regulation) is subject to a default, delinquency, or other adverse creditor event
 or to a condition not permitted under the regulation under or related to a loan agreement or other financing agreement or has a judgement
 awarding monetary relief entered against it that is subject to appeal or under appeal; 

there
 is a significant fluctuation in Pell Grant and/or Direct Loans received by an institution during a period of award years; 

high
 annual drop-out rates from the institution as determined by ED; or 

ED
 requires the institutions to provide additional financial reporting due to a failure to meet financial responsibility standards or
 indicators of significant change in the financial condition of the institution; 

ED
 forms a group process to consider pending borrower defense to repayment claims that could be subject to recoupment; 

a
 program is discontinued that enrolls more than 25 of the institution s total enrolled students who receive Title IV Program
 funds; 

the
 institution closes a location that enrolls more than 25 of its total enrolled students who receive Title IV Program funds; 

the
 institution, or one of its programs, is cited by a State agency for failing to meet requirements; 

the
 institution, or one of its programs, loses eligibility to participate in another Federal educational assistance program; 

a
 publicly traded company that directly or indirectly owns at least 50 of the institution discloses in public securities exchange
 filing that it is under investigation for possible violation of law; 

the
 institution is cited by another federal agency and risks losing education assistance funds by that agency; 

the
 institution is required to submit a teach-out plan due to concerns other than those constituting a mandatory triggering event; or 

21 

any
 other event or condition that ED finds is likely to have significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution. 

The
regulations require an institution to notify ED of the occurrence of a mandatory or discretionary triggering event and, in some cases,
provide an opportunity to provide certain information to ED to demonstrate why the event does not establish the institution s lack
of financial responsibility or require the submission of a letter of credit and impose other conditions or requirements. If more than
one of these financial responsibility triggers occur, ED could impose separate letters of credit to address each triggering event. 

The
financial responsibility regulations could result in ED recalculating and reducing our composite score, on a retroactive basis, to account
for ED estimates of potential losses under one or more of the extensive list of triggering circumstances and also could result in the
imposition of conditions and requirements including a requirement to provide one or more letters of credit or other form of financial
protection. It is difficult to predict the amount or duration of any letter of credit requirements that ED might impose under the regulation.
The requirement to submit letters of credit or to accept other conditions or restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our
schools business and results of operations. 

Accreditor
and state regulatory requirements also address financial responsibility, and these requirements vary among agencies and also are different
from ED requirements. Any developments relating to our satisfaction of ED s financial responsibility requirements may lead to additional
focus or review by our accreditors or applicable state agencies regarding their respective financial responsibility requirements. 

If
our institutions fail to maintain financial responsibility, they could lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs,
have that eligibility adversely conditioned or be subject to similar negative consequences under accreditor and state regulatory requirements,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, limitations on, or termination of, participation in the Title
IV Programs as a result of the failure to demonstrate financial responsibility or administrative capability would limit students 
access to Title IV Program funds, which would materially and adversely reduce the enrollments and revenues of our institutions. 

Return
of Title IV Program Funds. An institution participating in the Title IV Programs must calculate the amount of unearned Title
IV Program funds that have been disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational programs before completing them, and must return
those unearned funds to ED in a timely manner, which is generally within 45 days from the date the institution determines that the student
has withdrawn. The failure to timely return funds can result in liabilities or sanctions. 

If
an institution is cited in an audit or program review for late returns of Title IV Program funds for 5 or more of the pertinent students
within the audit or program review sample, or if an audit identifies a material weakness in the institution s report on internal
controls relating to the return of unearned Title IV Program funds, the institution may be required to post a letter of credit in favor
of ED in an amount equal to 25 of the total amount of Title IV Program funds that should have been returned for students who withdrew
in the institution s prior fiscal year. Neither HDMC nor CCC has received such a finding in either of the two most recently completed
annual Title IV Program compliance audits submitted to ED. On January 30, 2024, due to a failure to timely return unearned Title IV Program
funds to ED, Integrity was required to submit an acceptable form of financial protection for 25 of the refunds that were made for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 in the amount of 18,828. In January through March 2024, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to prepare
proposed regulations on several topics including the rules pertaining to returns of Title IV Program funds. On July 24, 2024, ED promulgated
proposed amended regulations related to return of Title IV calculations. Our institutions are required to perform return of Title IV
calculations and the final version of the amended regulations may impact our performance of these mandatory calculations. We cannot predict
the ultimate timing, content and effective date of the final amended regulations, or any future rulemaking process by ED that would result,
though it is possible such future regulations are more onerous or could negatively impact our institutions. 

Negotiated
Rulemaking. ED has promulgated a substantial number of new regulations in recent years that impact our business, including, but
not limited to, the borrower defense to repayment regulations discussed in the risk factors above, as well as rules regarding
compensation for persons engaged in certain aspects of admissions and financial aid, state authorization, clock and credit hours, prohibitions
on substantial misrepresentations, gainful employment, certification procedures, financial responsibility, administrative
capability, ability to benefit, closed school loan discharges, the 90/10 Rule, changes in ownership, Title IX, and other topics. These
and other regulations have had significant impacts on our business, requiring a large number of reporting and operational changes and
resulting in changes to and elimination of certain educational programs. 

22 

Future
regulatory actions by ED or other agencies that regulate our institutions are likely to occur and to have significant impacts on our
business, require us to change our business practices and incur costs of compliance and of developing and implementing changes in operations,
as has been the case with past regulatory changes. Recent and upcoming elections may result in changes at ED and other federal agencies
that are likely to lead to future regulatory actions that could be aimed at for-profit postsecondary institutions like our institutions.
See Risk Factors - Our institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in federal student financial aid programs if
the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable federal student aid programs is too high. In October through December
2023, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to develop new regulations related to student debt relief. In addition, in January through March
2024, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to prepare proposed regulations on a variety of topics including but not limited to cash management,
state authorization, distance education, return of Title IV, and accreditation. On July 24, 2024, ED published proposed regulations to
the Federal Register related to return of Title IV calculations and distance education. Our institutions are required to perform return
of Title IV calculations and the upcoming final version of the regulations may impact our performance of these mandatory calculations.
If our institutions begin offering distance education programs, the proposed rules on distance education could impact our reporting requirements
and our performance of the return of Title IV calculation. If ED publishes final regulations by November 1, 2024, the regulations typically
would have a general effective date of July 1, 2025. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed rules related to cash management, state
authorization and accreditation will be published by next year. We cannot predict the ultimate timing, content and effective date of
the regulations that will emerge from these processes. ED could consider additional topics for proposed regulations during the negotiated
rulemaking process or by initiating additional rulemaking processes. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that it will conduct negotiated rulemaking
on third-party servicer requirements for institutions and servicers but did not provide a timeline. The negotiated rulemaking process
is likely to lead to future ED regulations that could negatively impact schools like ours. ED also has announced its intention to propose
regulations that would increase the information security requirements applicable to institutions participating in the Title IV Programs,
including with respect to sensitive personal data residing in school information systems, but we cannot predict the ultimate timing,
content, and impact of any regulations ED might propose and ultimately adopt. 

We
cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years, nor can we
predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our education programs or
other aspects of our operations, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our institutions will be able to
comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that affect our programs and operations
could have a material adverse effect on our student population and our institutions, including the need to cease offering a number of
programs. 

Substantial
Misrepresentation. ED s regulations prohibit an institution that participates in the Title IV Programs from engaging in
misrepresentations regarding the nature of its educational programs, financial charges, graduate employability or its relationship with
ED. A misrepresentation includes any false, erroneous, or misleading statement (whether made in writing, visually, orally,
or through other means) that is made by an eligible institution, by one of its representatives, or by a third party that provides to
the institution educational programs, marketing, advertising, recruiting or admissions services and that is made to a student, prospective
student, any member of the public, an accrediting or state agency, or to ED. If ED determines that one of our institutions has engaged
in substantial misrepresentation, ED may impose sanctions or other conditions upon the institution including, but not limited
to, initiating an action to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs
and may seek to discharge students loans and impose liabilities upon the institution. ED defines a substantial misrepresentation 
to include any misrepresentation on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied,
to that person s detriment. The definition of substantial misrepresentation is broad and, therefore, it is possible
that a statement made by the institution or one of its service providers or representatives could be construed by ED to constitute a
substantial misrepresentation. Other federal agencies, state agencies, and accrediting agencies have similar rules that prohibit certain
types of misrepresentations or unfair marketing and advertising practices by us or others on our behalf on a variety of subjects including,
without limitation, the accuracy and substantiation of rates of graduation, job placement and passage of occupational licensure examinations.
Noncompliance with these requirements could result in sanctions, liabilities, or third-party litigation that could have an adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. ED published a final rule on November 1, 2022, which expanded the scope of prohibited misrepresentations,
and which also prohibits certain types of conduct with respect to the recruitment of students. The adoption and implementation of new
regulations could lead to findings of noncompliance and result in liabilities and other sanctions that could have an adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. 

23 

In
addition, the FTC has indicated an increased focus on direct or implied misrepresentations. For example, on October 6, 2021, the FTC
issued letters including a Notice of Penalty Offenses Concerning Deceptive or Unfair Conduct in the Education Marketplace 
to 70 institutions. These letters were meant to place the recipients on actual notice of conduct the FTC previously found to violate
the Federal Trade Commission Act. This conduct included several categories of direct or implied misrepresentations made by proprietary
schools. These letters may reflect an increased interest by the FTC in monitoring the for-profit proprietary school sector. If our institutions
fail to comply with an FTC statute or rule or are found to have committed misconduct of which they had actual notice the FTC had previously
determined to be unfair or deceptive, our institutions could face civil penalties, injunctions, or other remedies available to the FTC. 

School
Acquisitions. When a company acquires an institution that is eligible to participate in the Title IV Programs, the acquisition
generally will result in the institution undergoing a change of ownership resulting in a change of control as defined by ED and under
the rules of other agencies and accreditors. Upon such a change, an institution s eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs
is generally suspended until it has applied for recertification by ED as an eligible school under its new ownership, which requires that
the school also re-establish its state authorization and accreditation. ED may temporarily and provisionally certify an institution seeking
approval of a change of control under certain circumstances while ED reviews the institution s application. The temporary provisional
certification typically remains in effect on a month-to-month basis during ED s review of the application as long as the school
timely submits certain documentation during the course of ED s review. 

The
time required for ED to act on such an application may vary substantially. ED recertification of an institution following a change of
control will be on a provisional basis if ED approves the institution s application and could contain restrictions or conditions
depending on the outcome of its review of the institution including its administrative capability and financial stability. Under ED regulations
that took effect July 1, 2023, the institutions must submit certain information and documentation at least 90 days in advance of the
change in ownership including, for example, notice to current and prospective students of the planned change in ownership. The approval
processes for state and accrediting agencies vary in scope and timing with some agencies requiring approval prior to the acquisition
and others not conducting their review until after the acquisition has taken place. Thus, any plans to expand our business through acquisition
of additional schools and have them certified by ED to participate in the Title IV Programs will be subject to the timing and outcome
of the application, review and approval processes and requirements of ED and the relevant state education agencies and accreditors and
could be impacted by any conditions or restrictions imposed by ED or other agencies on the institution under our ownership. 

On
December 31, 2019, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with the sole member of Integrity. We purchased from the
sole member of Integrity on that date 24.5 of her interest and obtained an exclusive option to acquire her remaining membership interest
upon payment of 100, which was exercised on September 15, 2020. For purposes of our financial statements, our acquisition of Integrity
is deemed to have been effective as of December 31, 2019. We believe that a change in ownership and control of Integrity did not occur
until September 15, 2020 under the change in ownership and control standards of ED and the other educational agencies that regulate Integrity,
but these standards are subject to interpretation by the respective agencies. The review by ED of the change in ownership and control
of Integrity in connection with our acquisition of Integrity remains ongoing. Integrity currently holds a temporary provisional program
participation agreement with ED in connection with our acquisition of the institution, which has continued its Title IV Program participation
on a month-to-month basis pending ED s approval of the change in ownership and control. If ED concludes that a change in ownership
or control of Integrity occurred prior to September 15, 2020, we could be subject to liabilities or other sanctions by ED, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Change
of Control. In addition to school acquisitions, other types of transactions can also cause a change of control. ED, most of our
state education agencies, our accreditors, and other regulators have standards pertaining to the change of control of schools, but these
standards are not uniform. ED regulations describe some transactions that constitute a change of control, including the transfer of a
controlling interest in the voting stock of an institution or the institution s parent corporation including our Company. A significant
purchase or disposition of our common stock could be determined by ED to be a change of control under this standard. On October 28, 2022,
ED published a final rule revising its change in ownership regulations, which became effective July 1, 2023. The new requirements, such
as requiring notice to ED and current and prospective students at least 90 days prior to a change in ownership, could make it more difficult
to execute a change in ownership or an acquisition, which could make it less desirable to acquire an ownership interest in our Company,
or which could result in conditions or restrictions as a result of a transaction involving us or an acquired institution. In addition,
ED s revisions to its financial responsibility standards published on October 31, 2023 and effective July 1, 2024 impose additional
financial tests, and potentially additional letter of credit requirements, related to changes in ownership. 

24 

Most
of our state education agencies, our accreditors, and other regulators include the sale of a controlling interest of common stock in
the definition of a change of control although some agencies could determine that the sale or disposition of a smaller interest would
result in a change of control. A change of control under the definition of one of these agencies would require the affected school to
reaffirm its state authorization, accreditation, or other approval. Some agencies would require approval prior to a sale or disposition
that would result in a change of control in order to maintain authorization or accreditation. The requirements to obtain such reaffirmation
from the states and our accreditors vary widely. 

Our
July 30, 2024, ED provided written confirmation the offering as described would not constitute a change of control under its regulations.
However, subsequent offerings, transactions or other events could be deemed to be a change of control in the future. 

ED
requires institutions to periodically report changes in ownership even when a change does not result in a change in control or require
ED approval. While ED s regulations require reporting of owners holding at least a five percent ownership interest (as well as
changes representing at least 5 but under 25 on a quarterly basis or sooner if the institution plans to undergo a change in ownership),
the recently implemented overhaul of ED s electronic application system through which institutions report ownership requests a
disclosure of all owners regardless of their ownership percentage. The new electronic application also requests granular detail about
reported owners. We may not have access to contemporaneous ownership information given the day-to-day fluctuations of trading on the
public market. Access to information regarding Non-Objecting Beneficial Owners is expensive and this information is typically not current
by the time obtained. Moreover, we cannot predict whether investors will timely report investments such that we could access accurate
beneficial ownership information and even if investors do comply with reporting requirements, certain passive investors would not typically
be reported until 45 days following our fiscal year end. We are as yet uncertain regarding our ability to timely obtain ownership information
and timely report this information to ED. Failure to timely report ownership changes could result in adverse action by ED, or conditions
or restrictions imposed by ED on one or more of our institutions. 

Our
institutions may encounter difficulty timely identifying and reporting to ED on the electronic application for each of our institutions
our approximately 400 owners following the initial public offering. Integrity may also encounter additional difficulty reporting ownership
given ED has not yet approved the prior change in control of Integrity and, as a result, we could encounter difficulty obtaining access
to the electronic application. ED has informed us that it only will require us to report owners with a five percent or greater ownership
interest in the Company although this guidance could change in the future and we could encounter difficulty identifying and timely reporting
owners under current or future ED guidance. Our institutions will also be required to timely report any additional changes to ownership
percentages and given the frequency such changes can occur for a publicly traded company, we may have difficulty timely complying with
ED s reporting requirements. These difficulties could result in adverse action by ED, or conditions or restrictions imposed by
ED on one or more of our institutions. 

If
we decide to issue preferred stock or additional common stock in the future, this issuance could result in a change in ownership or control
requiring regulatory approval. ED considers both control rights and beneficial ownership interest among other factors when evaluating
whether a change in ownership resulting in a change in control has occurred. Similarly, changes to our board of directors or the right
to appoint directors could result in a change in ownership or control requiring regulatory approval. 

We
also are in the process of verifying with our education regulators (other than ED) and accreditors whether they will treat the offering
as a change in ownership or control requiring agency approval. If agencies require us to obtain approvals in connection with the offering,
we will be required to undergo an application process for approvals from the applicable agencies and could be subject to conditions or
restrictions depending on the outcome of the approval process. We would be required to make or obtain notices and/or approvals prior
to the offering from those agencies that require notice and/or approval to be made or obtained prior to the occurrence of a change in
ownership or control. If we move forward with the offering without making or obtaining required pre-closing notices and approvals prior
to the offering, we could be subject to sanctions by the applicable agencies including loss of our approvals from these agencies. 

25 

With
regard to the agencies that institutionally accredit our institutions or authorize them to operate in the state of California: 

BPPE :
 BPPE regulations require that institutions that are authorized based on their accredited status and which undergo a change in ownership
 timely submit notice of such change with accompanying documentation to demonstrate that the change was made in accordance with the
 applicable accreditation standards. If BPPE deems the offering to constitute a change in ownership under its regulations, it could
 require our institutions to undergo a notification and approval process before the offering takes place, or it may require only a
 notification and approval process after the offering. On August 8, 2024, BPPE responded to our request for guidance regarding a potential
 change of ownership process and stated that it would look to the determinations of ABHES and ACCET with respect to the offering.
 BPPE also requested that we provide either confirmations from ABHES and ACCET that the offering is not a change of control under
 their respective accreditation standards or, if it is considered to be a change of control the approvals of that change from ABHES
 and ACCET, as applicable. As described below, ABHES and ACCET have provided written confirmation that the offering as described would
 not constitute a change in legal status, ownership or control under the respective standards. Based on those responses from ABHES
 and ACCET, we are seeking confirmation that our institutions need not undergo an approval process with BPPE prior to the offering. 

ABHES :
 ABHES accreditation standards require that institutions undergoing a change in legal status, ownership or control submit an application
 for approval of the change at least 90 days in advance, and that ABHES must approve the change before it takes place. ABHES accreditation
 standards also require institutions undergoing a change in legal status, ownership or control to submit an additional application
 within five days after the change, which would also be subject to ABHES approval. We requested guidance from ABHES regarding whether
 the offering as described will constitute a change in in legal status, ownership or control for the purposes of its accreditation
 standards. On August 12, 2024, ABHES provided written confirmation that the offering as described would not constitute a change in
 legal status, ownership or control under its standards. 

ACCET :
 ACCET accreditation standards require that institutions undergoing a change in ownership or control submit a notice at least ten
 days prior to such a change, and further submit an application for approval of such a change within ten days following the change.
 We requested guidance from ACCET regarding whether the offering as described will constitute a change in ownership or control under
 its accreditation standards and confirmation no approval would be required from ACCET. On September 6, 2024, ACCET provided written
 confirmation that the offering as described would not constitute a change in ownership or control under its standards. 

Other
agencies may also require pre-closing notice, application or approval (unless those agencies determine the offering is not a change of
control requiring approval), including, for example, AVMA CVTEA (which requires submission of a substantive change report at least 60
days prior to the next CVTEA meeting and approval prior to closing), and the California Board of Registered Nursing (which requires pre-closing
approval of a change of ownership before it occurs and requires post-closing approval of a change in organizational structure). We have
requested confirmation from AVMA CVTEA and the California Board of Registered Nursing that the offering as described will not be treated
as a change in ownership that requires approval before the offering occurs, but have not received a determination from either agency.
If one or both agencies determines we were required to obtain the agency s approval prior to the offering under its statutes, rules
or standards, then, as noted above, we could be subject to sanctions by one or both of these agencies including loss of our approvals
from one or both of these agencies. Other agencies that regulate our institutions have standards requiring post-closing notice and/or
approval or no published standards, such as the VA, and other state boards, but these agencies may determine pre-closing notice and/or
approval is required. 

We
are in the process of initiating communications with our education regulators and accreditors on this subject and have not received responses
as to whether they will treat the offering as a change in ownership or control requiring agency approval. If we are required to go through
a change of ownership and/or control review process with these agencies, one or more of these agencies could impose additional conditions
or restrictions or delay or decline to issue an approval. If an agency does not require us to go through a change of ownership and/or
control review process, we may be required to submit notices or other information to the agency which could result in further scrutiny
or inquiries by the agency. 

26 

A
change of control could occur as a result of future transactions in which the Company or our institutions are involved. Some corporate
reorganizations and some changes in the board of directors of the Company are examples of such transactions. Once we become a publicly
traded corporation, ED regulations provide that a change of control also could occur in one of at least two ways: (a) if a person acquires
ownership and control of the corporation so that the corporation is required to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities
and Exchange Commission disclosing the change of control or (b) if the corporation has a shareholder that owns at least 25 of the total
outstanding voting stock of the corporation and is the largest shareholder of the corporation, and that shareholder ceases to own at
least 25 of such stock or ceases to be the largest shareholder. These standards are subject to interpretation by ED. 

Moreover,
the potential adverse effects of a change of control could influence future decisions by us and our stockholders regarding the sale,
purchase, transfer, issuance or redemption of our stock. In addition, the adverse regulatory effect of a change of control also could
discourage bids for shares of our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares. 

Opening
Additional Campuses and Adding Educational Programs. For-profit educational institutions must be authorized by their state education
agencies and be fully operational for two years before applying to ED to participate in the Title IV Programs. However, an institution
that is certified to participate in the Title IV Programs may establish an additional location and apply to participate in the Title
IV Programs at that location without reference to the two-year requirement, if such additional location satisfies all other applicable
ED eligibility requirements. Our expansion plans are based, in part, on our ability to open new schools as additional locations of our
existing institutions and are dependent upon ED s timely review and approval of new campuses. Effective July 1, 2024, ED has discretion
to condition the participation of provisionally certified schools by restricting or limiting the addition of new programs or locations.
If ED chose to impose such a condition on one or more of our institutions, that could negatively impact our expansion plans. 

A
student may use Title IV Program funds only to pay the costs associated with enrollment in an eligible educational program offered by
an institution participating in Title IV Programs. Generally, unless otherwise required by ED or regulation, an institution that is eligible
to participate in Title IV Programs may add a new educational program without ED approval. Institutions that are provisionally certified
may be required to obtain approval of certain educational programs. Our Integrity institution is provisionally certified and required
to obtain prior ED approval of new locations and educational programs. If an institution erroneously determines that an educational program
is eligible for purposes of the Title IV Programs, the institution would likely be liable for repayment of Title IV Program funds provided
to students in that educational program. Our expansion plans are based, in part, on our ability to add new educational programs at our
existing schools and make periodic updates to our programs. 

In
addition to ED, some of the state education agencies and our accreditors also have requirements that may affect our schools ability
to open a new campus, establish an additional location of an existing institution or add or change educational programs. Approval by
these agencies may be conditioned, delayed or denied and could be negatively impacted due to regulatory inquiries or reviews and any
adverse publicity relating to such matters or the industry generally. 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company executed a Letter of Intent with Contra Costa which describes a potential transaction whereby the Company
would acquire substantially all of the assets of Contra Costa. The Company contemplates it would teach-out the Contra Costa students
and subsequently establish CCMCC as an additional location of CCC, in each case subject to all required regulatory approvals and the
execution of a definitive agreement with Contra Costa for a mix of cash and Company common stock. If CCMCC incurs any liabilities associated
with prior noncompliance with applicable laws or ED discharge of Title IV loans for students who do not complete the teach-out, ED could
interpret its rules to require us to assume these liabilities. If ED or other regulators impose conditions or decline to provide requisite
approvals associated with the acquisition, the teach-out, or the addition of the CCMCC campus as an additional location of CCC, it could
impair our ability to expand our CCC institution through the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Contra Costa. 

Administrative
Capability. ED assesses the administrative capability of each institution that participates in the Title IV Programs under a
series of separate standards. Failure to satisfy any of the standards may lead ED to find the institution ineligible to participate in
the Title IV Programs or to place the institution on provisional certification as a condition of its participation and potentially impose
fines or other sanctions. On October 31, 2023, ED published new regulations revising and expanding its administrative capability standards.
Those revisions, effective July 1, 2024. The criteria for administrative capability include, among other things, that the institution: 

comply
 with all applicable federal student financial aid requirements; 

27 

have
 capable and sufficient personnel to administer the Title IV Programs; 

administer
 the Title IV Programs with adequate checks and balances in its system of internal controls over financial reporting; 

divide
 the function of authorizing and disbursing or delivering Title IV Program funds so that no office has the responsibility for both
 functions; 

establish
 and maintain records required under the Title IV Program regulations; 

develop
 and apply an adequate system to identify and resolve discrepancies in information from sources regarding a student s application
 for financial aid under the Title IV Programs; 

have
 acceptable methods of defining and measuring the satisfactory academic progress of its students; 

refer
 to the Office of the Inspector General any credible information indicating that any applicant, student, employee, third party servicer
 or other agent of the school has been engaged in any fraud or other illegal conduct involving the Title IV Programs; 

not
 be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is
 cause for debarment or suspension; 

provide
 adequate financial aid counseling to its students; 

submit
 in a timely manner all reports and financial statements required by the Title IV Program regulations; 

provide
 adequate career services and geographically accessible clinical or externship opportunities to it students; 

disburses
 funds to students in a timely manner that best meets their needs; 

does
 not have programs that fail gainful employment rates and measures and that represent 50 percent or more of its total
 receipts under the Title IV Programs in the most recent award year; 

does
 not engage in substantial misrepresentations or aggressive and deceptive recruitment tactics; and 

not
 otherwise appear to lack administrative capability. 

Failure
by us to satisfy any of these or other administrative capability criteria could cause our institutions to be subject to sanctions or
other actions by ED or to lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs, which would have a significant impact on our business
and results of operations. 

Restrictions
on Payment of Commissions, Bonuses and Other Incentive Payments. An institution participating in the Title IV Programs may not
provide any commission, bonus or other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial
aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruiting or admission activities or in making decisions regarding the awarding of
Title IV Program funds. This statutory prohibition under the HEA, and as implemented by ED, applies to all institutional employees and
service providers who are engaged in or responsible for any student recruitment or admission activity or making decisions regarding the
award of financial aid. We cannot predict how ED will interpret and enforce the incentive compensation prohibition. The prohibition on
incentive compensation has had and will continue to have a significant impact on the productivity of our employees, on the retention
of our employees and on our business and results of operations. Failure to comply with the incentive compensation prohibition could result
in loss of an institution s certification to participate in the Title IV Programs, limitations on Title IV Program participation
or financial penalties. On July 17, 2024, ED announced it will issue guidance related to the incentive compensation rule no sooner than
later this year, which could, among other things, modify existing published ED guidance related to the incentive compensation rule. 

28 

Compliance
Reviews Regarding Compliance with Regulatory Standards and Effect of Regulatory Violations. Because we operate in a highly regulated
industry, we are subject to compliance reviews and audits as well as claims of noncompliance and lawsuits by government agencies, regulatory
agencies and third parties. Our institutions are subject to audits, program reviews, site visits, and other reviews by various federal
and state regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, ED, ED s Office of Inspector General, state education agencies and
other state regulators, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and other federal agencies, and by our accrediting agencies. In addition,
each of our institutions must retain an independent certified public accountant to conduct an annual audit of the institution s
administration of Title IV Program funds. The institution must submit the resulting audit report to ED for review. 

If
one of our institutions fails to comply with accrediting or state licensing requirements, such school and its main and/or branch campuses
and educational programs could be subject to the loss of state licensure or accreditation, which in turn could result in a loss of eligibility
to participate in the Title IV Programs. If ED or another agency determined that one of our institutions improperly disbursed Title IV
Program funds or other financial assistance funds or violated a provision of the HEA or ED regulations, the institution could be required
to repay such funds and related costs to ED or other agencies, and could be assessed an administrative fine or subject to other sanctions
including loss of eligibility to participate in the impacted financial assistance program. ED could also place the institution on provisional
certification status and/or transfer the institution to the reimbursement or cash monitoring system of receiving Title IV Program funds,
under which an institution must disburse its own funds to students and document the students eligibility for Title IV Program
funds before receiving such funds from ED. 

Significant
violations of Title IV Program requirements by us or any of our institutions could be the basis for ED to limit, suspend, terminate,
revoke, or decline to renew the participation of the affected institution in the Title IV Programs or to seek civil or criminal penalties.
We and our institutions are also subject to claims and lawsuits relating to regulatory compliance brought not only by federal and state
regulatory agencies and our accrediting bodies, but also by third parties, such as present or former students or employees and other
members of the public. 

If
the result of any pending or future review, audit, proceeding, lawsuit or investigation is unfavorable to us, we may be required to pay
money damages or be subject to fines, limitations, conditions, loss of Title IV Program funding, loss of accreditation or state authorization,
injunctions or other penalties which could impact our results of operations. Even if we adequately address issues raised by an agency
review or successfully defend a lawsuit or claim, we may have to divert significant financial and management resources from our ongoing
business operations to address issues raised by those actions. Claims and lawsuits brought against us may damage our reputation or adversely
affect our stock price, even if such actions are eventually determined to be without merit. See Risk Factor - Government and
regulatory agencies and third parties may conduct compliance reviews and audits or bring actions against us that could result in monetary
liabilities, injunctions, loss of eligibility for Title IV Programs or other adverse outcomes . 

Other
Financial Assistance Programs. Some of our students receive financial aid from federal sources other than the Title IV Programs,
such as programs administered by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. In addition,
some of our students receive state financial aid in the form of grants, loans or scholarships. The eligibility and compliance requirements
for these federal and state financial aid programs are extensive and vary among the funding agencies and by program. Our failure to comply
with legal requirements applicable to federal and state financial assistance programs could result in repayment liabilities, sanctions,
or loss of eligibility to participate in those programs which could impact our results of operations and also impact our compliance with
ED s 90/10 Rule which requires our institutions to generate revenues from sources other than the Title IV Programs and other federal
financial assistance. 

States
that provide financial aid to our students face budgetary constraints, which in certain instances has reduced the level of state financial
aid available to our students. Due to state budgetary shortfalls and constraints in certain states in which we operate, the overall level
of state financial aid for our students could decrease in the near term, but we cannot predict how significant any such reductions will
be or how long they will last. Federal budgetary shortfalls and constraints, or decisions by federal lawmakers to limit or prohibit access
by our institutions or their students to federal financial aid, could result in a decrease in the level of federal financial aid for
our students. Moreover, our failure to comply with legal requirements applicable to federal and state financial assistance programs could
result in repayment liabilities, sanctions, or loss of eligibility to participate in those programs which could impact our results of
operations. 

Under
the WIOA, institutions currently must report data regarding credential attainment rates, job placement rates, and other information and
may be required to meet negotiated performance goals set by the state agency administering WIOA funds. On June 21, 2024, the U.S. Senate
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee released a discussion draft of a bill to reauthorize the WIOA. Among other changes,
the draft proposes to impose a repayment penalty on certain providers with eligible programs for which program competitors have not met
the newly established credential attainment rates or job placement rates. 

29 

As
currently proposed in the discussion draft bill, the repayment penalty would only apply to for-profit entities. If any of our institutions 
programs that receive WIOA funds do not meet the established performance levels and if the draft becomes law, our institutions could
be required to repay between 5 and 20 percent of the WIOA funds received for training services in that program. If our participating
institutions and their programs were to not meet other WIOA requirements, they would risk losing eligibility to participate in the program.
Further, reauthorization of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act could result in changes to the process for determining funding
for its programs, which could affect our institutions revenues. 

In
addition to the Title IV Programs and other government-administered programs, all of our schools participate in alternative loan programs
for their students. Alternative loans fill the gap between what the student receives from all financial aid sources and what the student
may need to cover the full cost of his or her education. We also extend credit for tuition and fees to many of our students that attend
our campuses. We are required to comply with applicable federal and state laws related to certain consumer and educational loans and
credit extensions and are subject to review by federal and state agencies responsible for overseeing compliance with these requirements.
Our failure to comply with these requirements could result in repayment liabilities, sanctions, investigations or litigation which could
impact our results of operations. 

On
January 20, 2022, the CFPB announced its intent to examine the operations of postsecondary schools that extend private loans directly
to students. Accompanying this announcement was an update to the CFPB s Examination Procedures to now require CFPB examiners to
review several aspects of educational loans including enrollment restrictions, withholding transcripts, improper accelerated payments,
failure to issue refunds, and improper lending relationships. In September 2023, the CFPB published a report indicating concerns with
tuition payment plans, including coercive debt collection practices, high fees, and confusing consumer disclosures. Our institutions
may be subject to greater scrutiny by the CFPB than in the past, and failure to comply with applicable laws and requirements could result
in repayment liabilities, sanctions, investigations or litigation which could impact our results of operations. 

Programs
and Curricula 

High
Desert Medical College 

HDMC s
academic offerings are designed to prepare its graduates for challenging and rewarding careers in high-growth fields. We believe that
HDMC s hands-on approach and flexible scheduling options provide students with a practical learning experience that fits into their
busy lives. 

HDMC s
approach allows students to learn through a mix of lecture, laboratory and externship experiences, in addition to assigned homework.
This allows students to practice what they learn and accommodates different learning styles. 

30 

HDMC
offers start dates throughout the year for its various programs, across the three campuses. The programs currently offered as of June
30, 2024 are as follows: 

Current
Programs Offered 

Area of Study 
 Program 
 Program Length 
 Estimated Total 
 Fees, Charges and 
 Expenses 
 
 Ultrasound Technician 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 108-123 weeks 
 59,120 
 
 Vocational Nursing AAS 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 48 weeks 
 19,735 
 
 Associate Degree Nursing 
 Association Degree 
 96 weeks 
 89,995 
 
 Cardiac Sonography 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 115-130 weeks 
 59,120 
 
 Ultrasound Technician 
 Diploma 
 84-99 weeks 
 51,699 
 
 Clinical Medical Assisting 
 Certificate 
 34-42 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Dental Assisting 
 Certificate 
 34-42 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Medical Administrative Assisting 
 Certificate 
 15 weeks 
 7,784 
 
 Medical Billing and Coding 
 Certificate 
 35-51 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Pharmacy Technician 
 Certificate 
 34-42 weeks 
 19,534 
 
 Veterinary Assistant 
 Certificate 
 35-42 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Vocational Nursing 
 Diploma 
 56-68 weeks 
 35,311 
 
 Phlebotomy Technician 
 Course (Avocational) 
 5 weeks 
 1,915 
 
 Magnetic Resonance Imaging 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 115 weeks 
 59,120 
 
 Nursing Assistant 
 Certificate 
 
 3,255 

California Dental Practice Act 
 Course (Avocational) 
 2 hours 
 99 
 
 Infection Control 
 Course (Avocational) 
 8 hours 
 249 
 
 Radiation Safety 
 Course (Avocational) 
 32 hours 
 449 
 
 Teaching Adult Learner -Strategies and Techniques for Nurses and Allied Health Program Educators 
 Course (Avocational) 
 30 hours 
 115 
 
 Coronal Polishing 
 Course (Avocational) 
 6 weeks 
 3,255 
 
 Dispensary Agent Certification 
 Course (Avocational) 
 10 hours 
 242 
 
 Vocational Nursing Pre-Requisite 
 Course (Avocational) 
 4 weeks 
 850 
 
 LVN IV Therapy Certificate 
 Course (Avocational) 
 4 days 
 275 

Degree
Program 

Ultrasound
Technician Associate of Applied Science Degree Program 

The
UT program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as an ultrasound technologist in the general abdomen, OB/GYN, small body parts
and vascular. The graduate can work in imaging centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or hospitals that do not require
a certification to be employed. The general education courses for the UT Associate of Applied Science Degree program are offered online
only using interactive distance learning. The core ultrasound principles and subjects are taught on campus. Certificate program graduates
can complete an UT Associate of Applied Science Degree remotely. 

Cardiac
Sonography Associate of Applied Science Degree Program 

The
Cardiac Sonography program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as a cardiac sonographer. The graduate can work in imaging
centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or hospitals that do not require a certification to be employed. The cardiac
sonographer plays a key role in today s modern diagnosis and treatment team of cardiac disorders. The cardiac sonographer produces
two-dimensional ultrasonic recordings of the heart and related blood vessels using ultrasound equipment for use by physicians in diagnosing
certain cardiac diseases and malfunctions of the heart. 

Vocational
Nursing Associate of Applied Science Degree Program 

The
VN AAS degree program builds on the Vocational Nursing Diploma by adding the same online general education and science courses required
for graduates of the pre-licensure Associate Degree Registered Nursing program. The goal of this post-licensure program is to educate
and develop VNs such that they become more well-rounded professionals through undergraduate general education. It is anticipated that
graduates will have enhanced critical thinking skills, science knowledge, and verbal/written communication skills which will expand employment
opportunities. 

31 

Associate
Degree of Nursing 

The
High Desert Medical College Associate Degree of Nursing Program (AND) provides students with a high-quality education in a dynamic, supportive
and engaging environment. The nursing curriculum at High Desert Medical College prepares the student to become a Registered Nurse with
an associate degree. The program promotes a culture of educational excellence among a diverse student population in collaboration with
healthcare partners that leads to an associate degree in nursing licensure. An entry-level professional with the ability to utilize the
latest healthcare technology while utilizing current evidence-based practice and clinical reasoning. The acquisition of the knowledge,
skills and attitudes to provide safe patient-centered care that meets the changing health care needs of diverse individuals, families,
communities and desire for life-long learning. The program strives to foster a commitment to individual excellence, integrity, lifelong
learning and professional development within each graduate. 

Diploma
Program 

Ultrasound
Technician Diploma Program 

The
UT program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as an ultrasound technologist in the general abdomen, OB/GYN, small body parts
and vascular. The graduate can work in imaging centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or hospitals that do not require
a certification to be employed. 

Vocational
Nursing Program Diploma Program 

The
VN program is designed to provide the student with the basic knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of a VN in a health
care environment. The program is approved by the BVNPT as an accredited training program, the completion of which meets the minimum requirements
set forth as necessary for application to take the VN license examination. 

Certificate
Programs 

Clinical
Medical Assisting Certificate Program 

The
clinical medical assisting program is designed to give graduates the knowledge and skills necessary to work as an entry-level medical
assistant in a healthcare setting. 

Dental
Assisting Certificate Program 

The
dental assisting program prepares the graduate for an entry-level position in a dental office. Graduates may find employment in dental
clinics as dental assistants. With additional training and/or experience, graduates may be eligible for the radiation safety exam and
receive radiation safety certificate or be eligible for the coronal polish exam. Graduates receive CPR and First Aid certification from
American Red Cross and a diploma in dental assisting. 

Medical
Administrative Assisting Certificate Program 

The
medical administrative assisting program prepares the graduate to enter the health professions fields as an administrative medical assistant
in various settings, including medical offices, hospitals, and medical clinics. 

Medical
Billing and Coding Certificate Program 

The
medical billing and coding program provides theory and clinical training geared to prepare the student for an entry level position in
a hospital, medical or dental office, and medical insurance/billing companies. Graduates receive CPR and First Aid certification from
American Red Cross and Diploma in medical billing and coding. 

Nursing
Assistant Certificate Program 

The
nursing assistant program is designed to prepare students to become practicing state certified nursing assistants in the State of California.
The course work will include safety, anatomy and physiology, nutrition, asepsis, patient care, body mechanics and rehabilitation and
restoration care. Students should expect two to three hours of homework per class. 

32 

Pharmacy
Technician Certificate Program 

The
pharmacy technician program is designed to provide students with the skills, knowledge and training for an entry-level position in retail,
hospitals or clinics or home health pharmacy settings or other positions in a pharmacy-related product/company. Graduates are encouraged
to seek certification from the State of California for a registration as a pharmacy technician and a national competency certification. 

Avocational
Courses 

Phlebotomy
Technician Course (Avocational) 

The
phlebotomy technician course (Avocational) is designed for employees who currently work or have worked in the medical field and are seeking
additional skills/certifications to add to their portfolio. The profession of phlebotomy is taught through didactic, student laboratory,
and clinical experiences. The student will be trained to perform a variety of blood collection methods using proper techniques and precautions. 

California
Dental Practice Act 

This
course is presented pursuant to the Dental Board of California requirement that each licensee must take a minimum two-unit course in
California Dental Law during each two-year license renewal period. This course has been developed in accordance with the California Code
of Regulations Section 1600 to provide the most current information on California Dental Practice Act and is approved by the Dental Board
of California for two units. This coursework does not interpret or make comment upon the law, but presents a condensed version of the
State of California statutes which constitute the Dental Practice Act. 

Infection
Control 

This
course covers the definition and implementation of sterilization methods and guidelines. Including patient medical history, infection
control, prevention of contamination, and the use of personal protective equipment. In addition, verification of infection, disinfection,
care of treatment room, handling and disposal of hazardous waste, handling soiled instruments, hand pieces, burs, water and air syringes
are presented. This course has been developed in accordance with the California Code of Regulations Section 1005 to provide the most
current information on infection control practices and principles and is approved by the Dental Board of California. 

Radiation
Safety 

In
the state of California, a Dental Assistant must have their California Radiation Safety (x-ray) certificate to be permitted to take x-rays
in a dental office. In addition, all applicants for Registered Dental Assistant licensure must submit evidence of having completed an
approved radiation safety course. This course introduces the didactic and clinical application of x-ray safety, bisecting and parallel
techniques, film exposure, processing and mounting of non-digital x-rays, digital x-ray (Dexis) training, and evaluation of both digital
and non-digital dental x-rays. This course is approved by the Dental Board of California. 

Teaching
Adult Learner -Strategies and Techniques for Nurses and Allied Health Program Educators 

This
a 30 hour continuing education course and approved for 30 continuing education units by the Board of Registered Nursing. In this course,
students learn how to use the newest educational methods to create a classroom that is suited for adult learners. This is a 10-module
course with topics that include teaching theory and strategies, curriculum development and program administration. 

Vocational
Nursing Pre-Requisite 

This
course is a pre-requisite requirement for admissions into the vocational nursing program. Students must successfully pass this course
with a 75 or higher. The course introduces the nursing student to critical thinking, basic arithmetic and medication dosage calculation
and normal anatomy and physiology, the interrelationships between structure and functions of human cells, tissues, and systems, and the
effects of disease on body systems and basic medical terminology as well as study techniques and strategies to ensure student success
throughout the program. 

33 

LVN
IV Theory Certificate 

The
course is designed to prepare licensed vocational nurses to start and superimpose intravenous fluid via primary or secondary infusion
lines and perform blood withdrawal. The course will cover psychological preparation of the patient based on the growth and developmental
stage, legal aspect in IV therapy and blood withdrawal, infection control, indications for IV therapy, types of venipuncture devices,
delivery systems, intravenous fluids, venipuncture sites, observation of the patient, regulation of the fluid flow, selection of equipment,
complications of IV therapy, methods of blood withdrawal, method selection, safety measures, universal precautions, complications and
preparation of withdrawal sites. 

Coronal
Polishing 

This
specialized course is designed for dental professionals in California seeking proficiency in coronal polishing procedures. Participants
will gain comprehensive knowledge and hands-on skills to perform effective coronal polishing, contributing to enhanced patient oral health
and aesthetic outcomes. The course emphasizes California-specific regulations and ethical considerations, ensuring participants can confidently
integrate coronal polishing into their dental practice. 

Dispensary
Agent Certification 

The
dispensary agent certification will help give students an understanding of the fundamentals needed to be successful in the rapidly emerging
cannabis industry. This course includes nine virtual modules, quizzes and a final exam covering everything from the plant s history,
terminology and chemistry to the routes of administration and effects on the human body. Our instructors include entrepreneurs, activists,
health care providers and educators who have spent years building their careers in the cannabis space. This course is self-paced and
delivered online. 

Central
Coast College 

CCC s
model is to provide intensive coursework and learning experiences in order to prepare its students to be ready for work in their desired
fields upon graduation. An emphasis is placed on practical instruction which enables graduates to succeed in their initial jobs after
graduation and successfully advance in their careers. 

CCC
offers start dates throughout the year for its various programs. The programs currently offered as of June 30, 2024 are as follows: 

Current
Programs Offered 

Area of Study 
 Program 
 Program Length 
 Estimated Total Fees, Charges and Expenses 
 
 Medical Assisting 
 Diploma 
 46 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Medical Administrative Assistant 
 Certificate 
 48 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Nursing Assistant 
 Certificate 
 9 weeks 
 3,255 
 
 Phlebotomy Technician 
 Course (Avocational) 
 4-12 weeks 
 4,400 
 
 Veterinary Assistant 
 Diploma 
 38 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Veterinary Technology 
 Degree (Associate of Applied Science) 
 84 weeks 
 40,220 
 
 Computer Specialist Accounting 
 Diploma 
 48 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Ultrasound Technician 
 Certificate 
 84-99 weeks 
 51,699 
 
 Vocational Nursing 
 Diploma 
 59 weeks 
 35,311 
 
 Ultrasound Technician 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 108-123 weeks 
 59,120 

Healthcare
Career Training Programs 

Medical
Assisting 

The
medical assisting program teaches skills such as: medical terminology, medical office procedures, medical records keeping and electronic
medical records, patient vital signs, venipuncture and injections, use of laboratory equipment and use of EKGs. 

34 

Medical
Administrative Assistant 

Completing
the medical administrative assistant program gives the student a comprehensive set of administrative skills needed to work in a medical
office. These include knowledge, skills and abilities in: medical terminology, medical office procedures, medical record keeping and
electronic medical records and medical insurance billing. 

Nursing
Assistant 

Nursing
assistant training is designed for those who seek entry-level employment in the healthcare field. The program prepares a student to take
the state licensing exam to become a certified nursing assistant. The nursing assistant program may also be a prerequisite for students
who need direct patient care experience as an admission requirement for a higher level healthcare program or for those who wish to test
their interest in healthcare as a career. Individuals might also consider the nursing assistant training if they are interested in working
in healthcare to support their education. 

Phlebotomy
Technician 

Phlebotomists
are allied health professionals who draw blood from patients for medical testing. The phlebotomy technician program is designed to prepare
students to take the phlebotomy exam and apply to become a practicing, certified phlebotomist in the State of California. 

Veterinary
Assistant 

The
veterinary assistant program is designed to give hands-on experience working with animals and to prepare the students to successfully
work alongside veterinarians and veterinary technicians in a variety of animal care settings. Classes are a combination of lecture, demonstration,
guided practice, lab and clinical hours. An externship is provided at the end of the program. 

Veterinary
Technology 

The
veterinary technology program offers an AAS degree. The Veterinary Technology program is the only CVTEA (Committee on Veterinary Technician
Education and Activities)-accredited program offered in Monterey, San Benito, Santa Cruz tri-county area. The veterinary technology program
consists of two academic years, with the first year completing veterinary assistant program and giving students the option of a second
year that fulfills the requirements for an AAS degree in veterinary technology. Graduates of the veterinary technology program are eligible
for state licensing as a registered veterinary technician after successfully passing the Veterinary Technician National Examination and
California State Veterinary Technician Examinations. 

Ultrasound
Technician Certificate Program 

The
UT program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as an ultrasound technologist in the general abdomen, OB/GYN, small body parts
and vascular. The graduate can work in imaging centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or hospitals that do not require
a certification to be employed. 

Ultrasound
Technician Associate of Applied Science Degree Program 

The
UT program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as an ultrasound technologist in the general abdomen, OB/GYN, small body parts
and vascular. The graduate can work in imaging centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or hospitals that do not require
a certification to be employed. The general education courses for the UT Associate of Applied Science Degree program are offered online
only using interactive distance learning. The core ultrasound principles and subjects are taught on campus. Certificate program graduates
can complete an UT Associate of Applied Science Degree remotely. 

Vocational
Nursing Diploma Program 

The
vocation nursing program is designed to provide the student with the basic knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of a
vocation nurse in a health care environment. The program is approved by the BVNPT as an accredited training program, the completion of
which meets the minimum requirements set forth as necessary for application to take the Vocation Nurse License examination. 

35 

Business
Career Training Programs 

Computer
Accounting Specialist 

The
computer accounting specialist program is designed to prepare students for a career in which they would maintain and prepare records,
post details of transactions, and reconcile bank statements in both large and small businesses in many industries. 

Business
Administrative Specialist 

The
business administrative specialist program is designed to prepare students for a career in which they would need office skills such as
preparing reports and documents, bookkeeping, keeping schedules, answering telephones, taking messages and providing information. 

Integrity
College of Health 

Integrity
offers start dates throughout the year for its various programs. The programs currently offered as of June 30, 2024, are as follows: 

Current
Programs Offered 

Area of Study 
 Program 
 Program Length 
 Estimated Total Fees, Charges and Expenses 
 
 Vocational Nursing 
 Diploma 
 56-68 weeks 
 35,311 
 
 Medical Assisting 
 Diploma 
 34-42 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Diagnostic Medical Sonography 
 Diploma 
 84-99 weeks 
 46,965 
 
 Medical Billing and Coding 
 Diploma 
 35-42 weeks 
 19,335 
 
 Bachelor of Science in Nursing (RN to BSN) 
 BS Degree 
 46 weeks 
 11,143 
 
 Veterinary Assistant 
 Certificate 
 35-43 weeks 
 19,340 
 
 Vocation Nursing AAS 
 Associate of Applied Science 
 48 weeks 
 19,735 

Healthcare
Career Training Programs 

Vocational
Nursing 

The
VN program provides students with nursing skills for direct patient care. Graduates should be able to function as part of the interdisciplinary
healthcare team in selected healthcare settings with individuals, families and communities across the life span. 

Medical
Assistant 

The
medical assistant program is designed to prepare students for entry-level positions as a medical assistant in either clinical and/or
administrative capacity. 

Medical
assistants are multi-skilled health professionals who perform a wide range of roles in physician s offices and other health care
settings. Medical assistants may also be employed by medical centers, medical specialty clinics, insurance billing agencies, laboratories,
and emergency rooms. 

Diagnostic
Medical Sonography 

The
diagnostic medical sonography program is designed to prepare graduates for employment as an ultrasound technologist in the general abdomen,
OB/GYN, small body parts and vascular. The graduate can work in imaging centers, physician s offices, clinics, mobile units or
hospitals that do not require a certification to be employed. The ultra-sonographer plays an important role in today s modern diagnosis
and treatment team. Ultra-sonographer produces two-dimensional ultrasonic recordings of internal organs using ultrasound equipment for
use by physicians in diagnosing certain diseases and malfunctions of certain organs. The program includes a 960-hour externship. 

36 

Medical
Insurance Coding and Billing Specialist 

The
medical insurance coding and billing program provides theory and clinical training geared to prepare the student for an entry level position
in a hospital, medical or dental office, and medical insurance/billing companies. The program provides all the necessary training to
enable the students to acquire the necessary skills and demonstrate competencies in a variety of medical office procedures and billing
and coding techniques. Instruction combines theory and practice to meet the competencies needed to be a medical biller and coder. Students
learn to prepare various health claim forms using medical billing software. In doing so, they acquire a working knowledge of human anatomy
and medical terminology, as well as comprehension of the legal, ethical and regulatory standards of medical records management. Students
learn to accurately interpret medical records, including diagnoses and procedures of health care providers, as well as to document and
code the information for submission to insurance companies. Graduates receive CPR and first aid certification from American Red Cross
and a diploma in medical billing and coding. 

Bachelor
of Science in Nursing 

The
RN BSN degree program is designed students who possess an associate degree and Diploma Registered Nurse license. The blended or
online method of delivery is offered for working nurses who require greater flexibility in the education schedule in order to complete
their Bachelor s degree in nursing. 

Veterinary
Assistant Certificate Program 

The
veterinary assistant (VA) program is based on theory and clinical training geared to prepare the students for entry level as veterinary
assistants in veterinary offices, veterinary hospitals, research facilities, animal shelters, wildlife refuges and zoos. The veterinary
assistant program consists of five areas of training: career and personal development, clinical experience, anatomy and terminology,
veterinary assistant duties and species and breeds of animals commonly seen in veterinary clinics. The program provides knowledge of
veterinary front and back-office procedures to prepare the students to work under the supervision of a veterinarian or registered veterinary
technician. 

Vocational
Nursing Associate of Applied Science Program 

The
vocational nursing associate of applied science (VN AAS) program consists of one hundred and one-half credits, of which sixty-eight and
one-half credits are transferred into the program. Students must provide a current LVN license to receive these sixty-eight and one-half
credits. The remaining credits are completed during the AAS program. The VN AAS degree program builds on the vocational nursing diploma
by adding the same one hundred percent online general education and science courses required for graduates of the pre-licensure associate
degree registered nursing program. The goal of this post-licensure program is to educate and develop vocational nurses to become more
well-rounded professionals through undergraduate general education. 

Job
Placement 

We
believe that assisting our graduates in securing employment after completing their program of study is critical to our ability to attract
high quality students and enhancing our reputation in the industry. Accordingly, we dedicate significant resources to maintaining an
effective graduate placement program. We provide placement assistance to all qualified graduates at no additional charge. Our institutions
work closely with local employers to ensure that we are training students with skills that employers need. Our placement department maintains
databases of potential employers throughout the country, allowing us to more effectively assist our graduates in securing employment
in their career field upon graduation. The placement department also assists with locating current job openings and scheduling interviews
for graduates in their career field through personal contact with employers, review and investigation of advertised openings and memberships
and attendance in local organizations to market our graduates to local employers. Throughout the year, we hold numerous job fairs at
our facilities where we provide the opportunity for our students to meet and interact with potential employers. In addition, all of our
programs (except for VN) have an externship as part of their course curriculum, which provides our students with opportunities to work
with employers prior to graduation. We also assist students with resume writing, interviewing and other job search skills. 

37 

Intellectual
Property 

Intellectual
property is important to our business. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, domain names
and agreements with third parties to protect our proprietary rights. In many instances, our course content is produced for us by faculty
and other content experts under work-for-hire agreements pursuant to which we own the course content in return for a fixed development
fee. 

Properties 

We
do not own any property. We lease property in California for academic operations, corporate functions, enrollment services and student
support services. Below is a table summarizing our leased properties as of June 30, 2024: 

Number of Buildings 
 Location 
 Total Square 
 Footage 
 Lease Expiration 
 
 1 
 Bakersfield, CA 
 26,515 
 2026 
 
 1 
 Lancaster, CA 
 29,096 
 2026 
 
 1 
 Temecula, CA 
 15,703 
 2026 
 
 2 
 Salinas, CA 
 22,693 
 2026 2027 
 
 1 
 Pasadena, CA 
 8,879 
 2025 2027 

Our
facilities are utilized consistent with management s expectations, and we believe such facilities are suitable and adequate for
current requirements and that additional space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms to meet any future requirements. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
Except as set forth below, we are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is www.legacyed.com . The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and our website address is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings
with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish
such reports to, the SEC. The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s website is not
intended to be a part of this filing. 

38 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other
information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be
seriously harmed by any of the following risks. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and/or operating results. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. In such case, the value and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment. 

Risks
Related to the Highly Regulated Field in Which We Operate 

If
our institutions fail to comply with the extensive educational regulatory requirements applicable to our business, we could incur financial
penalties, restrictions on our operations, loss of federal and state financial aid funding for our students, loss of accreditation, or
loss of our authorization to operate our institutions or our educational programs. 

As
a provider of postsecondary education, we are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state, and accrediting agencies. The applicable
educational regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of the operations of our institutions, including, but not limited to,
educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting,
financial operations, data security and privacy, adequacy and substantiation of graduation and job placement rates and other student
outcomes, distribution of information to current and prospective students, professional licensure requirements, payment of refunds to
students who withdraw, the receipt of federal and state financial aid by our students (including institutional, programmatic, and student
eligibility requirements), private and institutional loan programs, distance education, third party servicers, written arrangements with
other institutions or organizations to provide some or all of an educational program, student complaints, student services, student admissions,
transfer of academic credits, acquisitions or openings of new institutions, additions of new campuses and educational programs, closure
or relocation of existing locations, and changes in corporate structure and ownership. 

Each
of our institutions (HDMC, CCC, and Integrity) participates in the federal student aid programs authorized by Title IV of the Higher
Education Act of 1965 HEA ), as amended Title IV Programs ), as well as other federal and state financial
aid programs and are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Department of Education ED ), other federal and state
educational agencies and accreditors. CCC and HDMC are approved to offer, and must comply with applicable requirements related to, veterans
education assistance administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs VA ), Cal Grants administered by the California
Student Aid Commission, and funds administered under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. We derive a substantial portion of
our revenue and cash flows from the Title IV Programs and a significant portion of our students rely on financial aid received under
the Title IV Programs in order to attend our institutions. To qualify as an eligible institution to participate in the Title IV Programs,
an institution must among other things receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate state education agencies, be accredited
by an accreditor recognized by ED, and be certified by ED as an eligible institution. 

The
laws, regulations, standards and policies of our regulators change periodically and are subject to new and changing interpretation by
our regulators. Changes in, or new interpretations of, applicable laws, regulations, standards, or policies, or our failure to comply
with those laws, regulations, standards, or policies could have a material adverse effect on our receipt of funds under the Title IV
Programs and other federal and state financial aid programs, the accreditation of our institutions and programs, the authorization of
our institutions to operate in various states, our permissible activities or our costs of doing business. We cannot predict with certainty
how all of the requirements applied by our regulators will be interpreted or whether our institutions will be able to comply with these
requirements in the future. Given the complex nature of these requirements and the fact that they are subject to interpretation, it is
possible that we may inadvertently violate these laws, regulations, standards, or policies. 

If
we are found to have violated any applicable laws, regulations, standards or policies, we may be subject to the following sanctions,
among others, imposed by any one or more regulatory agencies or other government bodies who regulate us and our schools: 

imposition
 of monetary fines or penalties, including imposition of a requirement to submit a substantial letter of credit or other form of financial
 protection 

39 

repayment
 of funds received under the Title IV Programs or other federal or state financial aid programs the amounts of which could be material 

restrictions
 on, or termination, revocation, or nonrenewal of, the eligibility of one or more of our institutions or one or more of their locations
 or programs to participate in the Title IV Programs or other federal or state financial aid programs 

limits
 on, or termination, revocation, or nonrenewal of, our authorizations to operate our institutions in one or more states or ability
 to grant degrees, diplomas and certificates 

restrictions
 on, or termination, revocation or nonrenewal of, our institutions approvals and/or accreditations or the approval and/or accreditation
 of one or more of our locations or programs 

limitations
 on our operations including, but not limited to, our ability to open new institutions or locations (i.e., campuses), offer new programs,
 change the length of our existing programs, or increase enrollment levels or amounts of funding received from Title IV or other financial
 assistance programs 

costly
 investigations, litigation or other adversarial proceedings and 

civil
 or criminal penalties being levied against us or our institutions. 

In
addition, findings or allegations of noncompliance may subject us to qui tam lawsuits under the Federal False Claims Act, under
which private plaintiffs seek to enforce remedies on behalf of the U.S. and, if successful, are entitled to recover their costs and to
receive a portion of any amounts recovered by the U.S. in the lawsuit. The U.S. can also bring a Federal False Claims Act claim on its
own behalf, and in either instance, a party found to have violated the Federal False Claims Act can be subject to treble damages. We
may be subject to similar lawsuits brought under state false claims acts. We may also be subject to other types of lawsuits or claims
by third parties. The costs of these proceedings may be significant, and we may not have sufficient resources to fund any material adverse
outcomes. 

Any
penalties, repayment obligations, injunctions, restrictions, terminations, revocations, nonrenewal, lawsuits or other sanctions or conditions
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If any of our institutions
lose or experience limitations on their Title IV Program eligibility, we would experience a dramatic decline in revenue, and we would
be unable to continue our business as it currently is conducted. 

Any
failure to comply with state laws and regulatory requirements, including educational regulations, or new state legislative or regulatory
initiatives affecting our institutions, could have a material adverse effect on our total student enrollment, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Our
institutions are subject to the educational laws and regulations of the State of California where our physical campuses are located.
We also may be subject to the educational laws of other states if we acquire a new institution in the state or if one of our institutions
adds a new campus in the state or otherwise conducts other operations in the state covered by applicable state educational law including,
but not limited to, student recruitment, advertising or certain types of distance education. State educational laws establish standards
and requirements for, among other things, student instruction, faculty qualifications, campuses and facilities, educational programs,
financial stability, administrative staff, marketing and recruiting, distribution of information to current and prospective students,
payment of refunds to students who withdraw, private and institutional loans, distance education, student services, student complaints,
student admissions, transfer of academic credits, substantive changes, acquisitions, and policies and minimum graduation and job placement
outcomes for institutions and/or their individual educational programs. Our institutions are authorized to operate by the California
Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education BPPE ). We also may be required to obtain approvals and comply with requirements
of state agencies that regulate certain occupational educational programs such as, for example, VN and phlebotomy. The California Board
of Registered Nurses approves the Associate degree of Nursing program at HDMC. The VN programs at HDMC and Integrity are approved by
BVNPT. The phlebotomy programs at HDMC and CCC are approved by California Department of Public Health. In addition, we are subject to
state consumer protection laws. 

40 

Attorneys
general in many states have become more active in enforcing consumer protection laws, including, for example, laws related to marketing,
advertising and recruiting practices and the financing of education at for-profit educational institutions. Further, some state attorneys
general have partnered with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), the Federal Trade Commission FTC ),
and other federal and state agencies to review industry practices and collaborate on enforcement actions against educational institutions.
These actions increase the likelihood of scrutiny of marketing, advertising, recruiting, financing, and other practices of educational
institutions and may result in unforeseen consequences, increasing risk and making our operating environment more challenging. 

Adverse
media coverage regarding the allegations of state consumer protection law violations by us or other for-profit education companies could
damage our reputation, result in decreased enrollments, revenues and profitability, and have a negative impact on our stock price. Such
coverage could also result in continued scrutiny and regulation by ED, Congress, accreditors, state legislatures, state attorneys general
or other governmental authorities of us and other for-profit educational institutions. 

State
education laws and regulations may limit our campuses ability to operate or to award degrees, diplomas, or certificates or offer
new programs. Moreover, under the HEA, authorization by state education agencies is necessary to maintain eligibility to participate
in the Title IV Programs. ED regulations also require institutions offering postsecondary education through distance education to students
located in a state in which the institution is not physically located (as determined by the institution at the time of a student s
initial enrollment and, if applicable, upon formal receipt of information from the student that their location has changed to another
state) to meet state educational requirements in that state or participate in a state authorization reciprocity agreement in order to
disburse Title IV funds to such students. We have obtained approval to offer portions of our programs via distance education from ACCET
for HDMC and CCC, ABHES for Integrity, and from the BPPE for HDMC, CCC, and Integrity. The State of California does not, however, presently
participate in any state authorization reciprocity agreement whereby our institutions may offer programs via distance education to students
located in other states without our obtaining applicable authorizations from those other states. Our institutions presently do not have
any state postsecondary authorizations outside of California. 

In
addition, an institution must make disclosures readily available to enrolled and prospective students regarding whether programs leading
to professional licensure or certification meet state educational requirements, and provide a direct disclosure to students in writing
if the program leading to professional licensure or certification does not meet state educational requirements in the state in which
the student is located (which is only California for our current students). Under ED s rules effective July 1, 2024, an institution
must certify that its programs satisfy the applicable educational requirements for professional licensure or certification needed to
practice or find employment in an occupation for which the program prepares a student in the state in which the school or where a student
is located or intends to seek employment (which, although our current students are located in California, could be a state other than
California and could require us to refrain from enrolling students in a state if our program does not satisfy the applicable educational
requirements in the state). We believe the Title IV-eligible educational programs offered by our institutions satisfy all such currently
applicable state educational requirements for professional licensure or certification. ED also commenced a negotiated rulemaking process
to develop new regulations on topics that include state authorization and convened a negotiated rulemaking committee to consider proposals
from January through March 2024. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed rules related to cash management, state authorization and
accreditation will be published by next year. We cannot predict the ultimate timing or content of any new regulations that might emerge
from this process. See Risk Factors at Additional ED or other rulemaking could materially and adversely affect our operations,
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

State
legislatures often consider legislation affecting regulation of postsecondary educational institutions. Our institutions are located
in California which has expansive laws and regulations impacting for-profit schools like our institutions. Enactment of this legislation
and ensuing regulations, or changes in interpretation of existing regulations, may impose substantial costs on our institutions and require
them to modify their operations in order to comply with the new regulations. 

If
we are unable to comply with applicable past, current or future state education, consumer protection, licensing, authorization or other
requirements, or determine that we are unable to cost effectively comply with new or revised requirements, we could be subject to loss
of state authorization and to monetary fines or penalties or limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business, or we could
lose enrollments, eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs and revenues, in any affected states, which could materially affect
our results of operations and our growth opportunities. 

41 

If
one or more of our institutions fails to maintain institutional accreditation, or if certain of our programs cannot obtain or maintain
programmatic accreditation, our student enrollments would diminish and our business would suffer. 

Institutional
Accreditation. In the U.S., accrediting agencies are non-governmental entities that periodically review the academic quality of an
institution s instructional programs and its administrative and financial operations to ensure the institution has the resources
to perform its educational mission. Accrediting agencies impose standards that extend to most aspects of an institution s operations
and educational programs including, but not limited to, requirements to maintain threshold graduation and job placement rates for its
educational programs. ED requires an institution to be accredited by an ED-recognized accrediting agency in order for the institution
to participate in the Title IV Programs. HDMC and CCC are currently accredited by ACCET through April 2029 and April 2025, respectively.
Integrity is accredited by ABHES through February 2026. ACCET and ABHES are ED-recognized accrediting agencies. The failure to comply
with accreditation standards could subject an institution to additional oversight and reporting requirements, accreditation proceedings
such as a show-cause directive, an action to defer or deny action related to an institution s application for a new grant of accreditation,
or an action to suspend or revoke an institution s accreditation or a program s approval. If our institutions or programs
are subject to negative accreditation actions or are placed on probationary accreditation status, we may experience adverse publicity,
impaired ability to attract and retain students, and substantial expense to obtain unqualified accreditation status. The inability to
obtain reaccreditation following periodic reviews or any final loss of institutional accreditation after exhaustion of the administrative
agency processes would result in a loss of Title IV Program funds and state authorization for the affected institution. Such events and
any related claims brought against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Programmatic
Accreditation. Many states and professional associations require professional programs to be accredited. While programmatic accreditation
is not a sufficient basis to qualify for institutional Title IV Program certification, programmatic accreditation may improve employment
opportunities for program graduates in their chosen field. Moreover, ED requires an institution to hold programmatic accreditation for
an educational program if required by a state or federal agency (including as a condition of employment in the occupation for which the
institutional program prepares the students). The veterinary technology program at CCC is accredited by the American Veterinary Medical
Association. Integrity s Registered Nurse to Bachelor of Science in Nursing holds pre-accreditation candidacy status from the Commission
for Nursing Education Accreditation. All of the Title IV-eligible educational programs offered by our institutions are within the scope
of institutional accreditation from either ACCET or ABHES, and we do not believe any of our Title IV-eligible educational programs that
do not hold programmatic accreditation are required to hold programmatic accreditation by any currently applicable state or federal agency.
Those of our programs that do not have programmatic accreditation, where available, or fail to maintain such accreditation, may experience
adverse publicity, loss of access to Title IV funds, declining enrollments, litigation or other claims from students or suffer other
adverse impacts, which could result in it being impractical for us to continue offering such programs. 

ED
Recognition of Accrediting Agencies. Our participation in Title IV Programs is dependent on ED continuing to recognize the accrediting
agencies that accredit our colleges and universities. Each of our institutions currently are accredited by an ED-recognized accrediting
agency. The standards and practices of these agencies have become a focus of attention by state attorneys general, members of Congress,
ED s Office of Inspector General and ED over recent years, and are the subject of upcoming rulemaking. ED held negotiated rulemaking
sessions between January and March 2024, and the negotiators did not reach consensus on proposed language. On July 17, 2024, ED announced
that proposed rules related to cash management, state authorization and accreditation will be published by next year. ED has indicated
during negotiated rulemaking its intent to require accreditors to take action against institutions more promptly when accreditors identify
noncompliance and to modify accreditor review of substantive changes and limit the time an institution can remain in noncompliance with
accrediting agency standards, which could increase the amount of enforcement activities by accrediting agencies against institutions
like ours. ED also proposed expanding requirements related to accrediting agencies conflict of interest policies and student achievement
standards, for example. 

42 

This
focus may make the accreditation review process longer and potentially more challenging for our institutions when they undergo their
normal accreditation review processes. It may also make the process by which ED evaluates and recognizes accreditors as appropriate Title
IV Program gatekeepers longer and more challenging for our accreditors. ED recognized accreditors are facing increased political pressure
as part of this recognition process to apply heightened levels of scrutiny or review and/or apply new requirements or standards to for-profit
institutions. These pressures may result in future modifications to accreditation criteria, practices or other policies and procedures,
with which our institutions may not be able to comply. If ED withdraws recognition from ACCET and/or ABHES, ED may continue our schools 
eligibility for a period of up to 18 months from the date of the withdrawal of recognition, and our schools could apply for accreditation
from other ED-recognized accrediting agencies. ED could impose provisional certification and other conditions and restrictions on our
schools during this period. If ACCET and/or ABHES lose recognition from ED and our schools are unable to obtain accreditation from a
different ED-recognized accrediting agency in the required time period, our schools could lose eligibility to participate in Title IV
Programs. 

Congress
may revise the laws governing the Title IV Programs or reduce funding for those programs which could reduce our enrollment and revenue
and increase costs of operations. 

The
U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the HEA and other laws governing the Title IV Programs and annually determine the funding
level for each Title IV Program, and may pass new laws or revise existing laws at any time. Political and budgetary concerns significantly
affect the Title IV Programs. We cannot predict when or whether Congress will consider or vote on legislation to reauthorize the HEA
or to create new laws or revise existing laws. Furthermore, we cannot predict with any certainty the outcome of the HEA reauthorization
process nor the extent to which any legislation that Congress could adopt at any time could materially affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. However, recent elections have increased the number and influence of legislators and regulators
who have been critical of the for-profit postsecondary education sector that includes our institutions, which has led and could continue
to lead to significant legislative changes in connection with amendments to the HEA, annual appropriations, or other changes to laws,
that have been and may continue to be adverse to our institutions and other for-profit institutions. Moreover, current requirements for
student or school participation in Title IV Programs may change or one or more of the present Title IV Programs could be replaced by
other programs with materially different student or school eligibility requirements. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA was signed into law in March 2021 and included, among other things, a provision that amended the 90/10 Rule (as
defined herein) in the HEA. See Risk Factors - Our institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in federal student
financial aid programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable federal student aid programs is too high. 
If we cannot comply with the provisions of the HEA, as they may be enforced or amended, or if the cost of such compliance is excessive,
or if funding is materially reduced, our revenues or profit margin could be materially adversely affected. 

Additional
ED or other rulemaking could materially and adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows. 

ED
has promulgated a substantial number of new regulations in recent years that impact our business, including, but not limited to, the
 borrower defense to repayment regulations discussed in the risk factors below, as well as rules regarding compensation
for persons engaged in certain aspects of admissions and financial aid, state authorization, clock and credit hours, prohibitions on
 substantial misrepresentations, gainful employment, certification procedures, financial responsibility, administrative
capability, ability to benefit, closed school loan discharges, the 90/10 Rule, changes in ownership, Title IX, and other topics. These
and other regulations have had significant impacts on our business, requiring a large number of reporting and operational changes and
resulting in changes to and elimination of certain educational programs. 

43 

Future
regulatory actions by ED or other agencies that regulate our institutions are likely to occur and to have significant impacts on our
business, require us to change our business practices and incur costs of compliance and of developing and implementing changes in operations,
as has been the case with past regulatory changes. Recent and upcoming elections may result in changes at ED and other federal agencies
that are likely to lead to future regulatory actions that could be aimed at for-profit postsecondary institutions like our institutions.
See Risk Factors - Our institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in federal student financial aid programs if
the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable federal student aid programs is too high. In October through December
2023, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to develop new regulations related to student debt relief. In addition, in January through March
2024, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to prepare proposed regulations on a variety of topics including, but not limited to cash management,
state authorization, distance education, return of Title IV, and accreditation. On July 24, 2024, ED published proposed regulations in
the Federal Register, related to return of Title IV calculations and distance education. Our institutions are required to perform return
of Title IV calculations and the upcoming final version of the regulations may impact our performance of these mandatory calculations.
If our institutions begin offering distance education programs, the proposed rules on distance education could impact our reporting requirements
and our performance of the return of Title IV calculations. If ED publishes final regulations by November 1, 2024, the regulations typically
would have a general effective date of July 1, 2025. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed rules related to cash management, state
authorization and accreditation will be published by next year. We cannot predict the ultimate timing, content and effective date of
the regulations that will emerge from these processes. ED could consider additional topics for proposed regulations during the rulemaking
process or by initiating additional rulemaking processes. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that it will conduct negotiated rulemaking on
third-party servicer requirements for institutions and servicers but did not provide a timeline. The negotiated rulemaking process is
likely to lead to future ED regulations that could negatively impact schools like ours. ED also has announced its intention to propose
regulations that would increase the information security requirements applicable to institutions participating in the Title IV Programs,
including with respect to sensitive personal data residing in school information systems, but we cannot predict the ultimate timing,
content, and impact of any regulations ED might propose and ultimately adopt. 

We
cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years, nor can we
predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our education programs or
other aspects of our operations, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our institutions will be able to
comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that affect our programs and operations
could have a material adverse effect on our student population and our institutions, including the need to cease offering a number of
programs. 

ED s
financial value transparency and gainful employment regulations may limit the programs we can offer students and increase our cost of
operations. 

In
May 2021, ED announced its intention to initiate a rulemaking process on several topics, including gainful employment. On May 19, 2023,
ED published a notice of proposed rulemaking on financial value transparency and gainful employment, and on October 10, 2023, ED published
final regulations which became effective on July 1, 2024. Multiple lawsuits have been filed challenging these regulations, however, we
cannot predict the outcome of these cases. 

The
financial value transparency and gainful employment regulations include standards for annually evaluating postsecondary educational programs
based on the calculation of debt-to-earnings rates and an earnings premium measure. The rule establishes formulae for calculating
these rates using data such as student debt, student earnings data, and median earnings data for working adults with only a high school
diploma or GED, which the rule uses to compare to median earnings data of the institution s graduates. Under the regulations, ED
will annually calculate and publish the debt-to-earnings rates and median earnings data for our educational programs. If these calculations
show that any of our educational programs do not comply with debt-to-earnings or median earnings regulatory thresholds for two of three
consecutive years, those educational programs would lose Title IV Program eligibility. ED also requires institutions to provide warnings
to current and prospective students about programs in danger of losing of Title IV Program eligibility which could negatively impact
our retention of current students and enrollment of new students in these programs. The regulations also require certifications and data
reporting to ED and providing required student disclosures related to gainful employment. Some of the data ED will use to calculate the
debt-to-earnings rates and earnings premium measures is not yet readily accessible to institutions. Therefore, it is difficult for us
to predict how our institutions will perform under the new standards and the extent to which our programs could lose Title IV Program
eligibility under the new standards. We also do not have control over some of the factors that could impact the rates and measures for
our programs which could make it difficult to mitigate the impact of the regulations on our programs. However, the new regulations could
require us to modify or eliminate programs to comply with the new regulations and could result in the loss of Title IV Program eligibility
for our programs that fail to comply with the regulations which could have a material adverse effect on our student population and our
revenues. 

44 

ED s
 borrower defense to repayment regulations may subject us to significant repayment liability to ED for discharged federal
student loans, posting of substantial letters of credit and other requirements that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In
1994, pursuant to certain provisions of the Higher Education Act, ED published its first version of the borrower defense to repayment BDR regulations which generally allow federal student loan borrowers to assert a defense to repaying their federal loans
based on the conduct of the institution they attended. The amount of loans discharged by ED pursuant to an adjudicated BDR claim may
be assessed by ED as a Title IV Program liability against the institution. On November 1, 2016, the Department adopted revised BDR regulations
that became effective on July 1, 2017. Under the 2017 version of the BDR regulations, borrowers with federal student loans disbursed
after July 1, 2017 can assert a defense to repayment and be eligible for relief based on a nondefault, favorable, contested judgement
against the institution from a state or federal court; a claim that the institution failed to perform its obligations under a contract
with the student or a claim the institution committed a substantial misrepresentation on which the borrower reasonably
relied to his or her detriment. On September 23, 2019, the Department again revised its BDR regulations effective July 1, 2020, and created
a distinct standard and process for BDR applications applicable to federal student loans first disbursed after July 1, 2020. Under the
2019 version of the BDR regulations, a borrower can assert a defense to repayment and be eligible for relief if the borrower establishes
that the institution made a misrepresentation of material fact upon which the borrower reasonably relied in deciding to obtain their
loan; the misrepresentation related to the borrower s enrollment or continuing enrollment at the institution or the provision of
education services for which the loan was made; and the borrower was financially harmed by the misrepresentation. 

On
November 1, 2022, ED again revised the BDR regulations with an effective date of July 1, 2023. The 2022 version of the BDR regulations
included amendments regarding, among other things, (i) acts or omissions by or on behalf of an institution of higher education a borrower
may assert as a defense to repayment of certain Title IV Program loans; (ii) procedures for adjudicating borrower defense claims, and
(iii) prohibiting the use of mandatory pre-dispute arbitration clauses and class action waivers in enrollment agreements and requiring
disclosures of judicial and arbitration filings and awards pertaining to a borrower defense claim. 

Among
other things, the 2022 version of the BDR regulations also amended the processes for BDR applications received on or after, or that were
pending with ED as of, July 1, 2023. The 2022 version of the BDR regulations applies the revised federal BDR standard to all BDR claims
received on or after, or pending with the Secretary as of, July 1, 2023, but would not allow for recovery against institutions for discharged
amounts first disbursed prior to July 1, 2023 unless the BDR claim would have been approved under the substantive BDR standard applicable
to the time period in which the loan was disbursed as set forth in the prior versions of the BDR regulations. The defenses to repayment
are based on certain acts or omissions, including misrepresentations, by an institution or a covered party. The regulations establish
detailed procedures and standards for the loan discharge processes, including the information required for borrowers to receive a loan
discharge, and the authority of ED to seek recovery from the institution of the amount of discharged loans. The 2022 version of the BDR
regulations were to take effect on July 1, 2023, in addition to certain closed school loan discharge provisions part of the same rule,
but are currently enjoined by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit pursuant to litigation captioned Career Colleges and
Schools of Texas v. U.S. Department of Education , No. 23-50491. The Career Colleges and Schools of Texas CCST filed
a complaint challenging the regulations in February 2023. In April 2024, the Fifth Circuit granted a preliminary injunction to block
enforcement of the 2022 version of the BDR regulations while the case is pending. Therefore, the 2022 version of the BDR regulations
are not in effect, but the previous BDR regulations in effect prior to July 1, 2023, generally remain in effect in the meantime and apply
different substantive standards and procedures based on when a BDR claimant s loans were disbursed. We cannot predict the outcome
of this case or if and when the revised BDR regulations could take effect. 

On
June 22, 2022, ED reached a settlement with plaintiffs in the case titled Sweet v. Cardona , which was filed by student loan borrowers
to challenge ED s adjudication of BDR claims. The settlement resulted in automatic relief of claims pending as of June 22, 2022
that were filed against institutions on a list of about 150 institutions named in the settlement agreement, which did not include any
of our institutions. In addition, under the settlement, any borrower who filed a defense to repayment claim between June 22, 2022 and
November 15, 2022 are Post-Class Applicants whose applications will be adjudicated under the 2016 version of the BDR regulations
and will be decided by January 2026. HDMC received and timely responded to seven BDR applications from Post-Class Applicants. CCC and
Integrity have not received any BDR applications from Post-Class Applicants. It is possible that we could receive BDR claims in the future.
If we or our representatives are found to have engaged in certain acts or omissions under the broad definitions contained in the 2016
version of the BDR regulations, or other BDR regulations that could be in place in the future, we could be subject to substantial repayment
obligations and subject to other sanctions. 

The
enjoined 2022 version of the BDR regulations, and the versions of the BDR regulations that are currently in effect and that could be
in effect in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows
and result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and our ability to operate, including a requirement that our institutions
to submit a letter of credit based on expanded standards of financial responsibility. See Risk Factors - A failure to maintain
compliance with ED s financial responsibility requirements would have negative impacts on our operations . 

45 

The
current ED administration has been more active in processing BDR applications and has recently distributed claims to institutions for
an opportunity to respond to borrower allegations. ED may, on its own or in response to other constituencies, allocate additional resources
to reviewing and adjudicating BDR applications from federal student loan borrowers. We cannot predict how many BDR applications have
been filed by our former students, but if we receive such claims from ED, we may incur significant costs in responding to the borrower
allegations and, if adjudicated as valid by ED, repaying the federal government for the amount of loans discharged pursuant to such claims. 

A
failure to maintain compliance with ED s financial responsibility requirements would have negative impacts on our
operations. 

All
institutions participating in the Title IV Programs must satisfy specific standards of financial responsibility. ED evaluates institutions
for compliance with these standards each year, based on the institution s annual audited financial statements, as well as following
a change in ownership resulting in a change of control of the institution. The most significant financial responsibility measurement
is the institution s composite score, which is calculated by ED based on three ratios: 

the
 equity ratio, which measures the institution s capital resources, ability to borrow and financial viability; 

the
 primary reserve ratio, which measures the institution s ability to support current operations from expendable resources; and 

the
 net income ratio, which measures the institution s ability to operate at a profit. 

ED
assigns a strength factor to the results of each of these ratios on a scale from negative 1.0 to positive 3.0, with negative 1.0 reflecting
financial weakness and positive 3.0 reflecting financial strength. ED then assigns a weighting percentage to each ratio and adds the
weighted scores for the three ratios together to produce a composite score for the institution. The composite score must be at least
1.5 for the institution to be deemed financially responsible without the need for further oversight. If an institution s composite
score is below 1.5, but is at least 1.0, it is in a category denominated by ED as the zone. Under ED regulations, institutions
that are in the zone typically may be permitted by ED to continue to participate in the Title IV Programs by choosing one of two alternatives:
1) the Zone Alternative under which an institution is required to make disbursements to students under the Heightened Cash
Monitoring 1 HCM1 payment method (or another payment method that differs from the standard advance payment method) and
to notify ED within 10 days after the occurrence of certain oversight and financial events or 2) submit a letter of credit to ED equal
to at least 50 percent of the Title IV Program funds received by the institution during its most recent fiscal year. ED permits an institution
to participate under the Zone Alternative for a period of up to three consecutive fiscal years. Under the HCM1 payment
method, the institution is required to make Title IV Program disbursements to eligible students and parents before it requests or receives
funds for the amount of those disbursements from ED. Unlike the Heightened Cash Monitoring 2 HCM2 and the reimbursement
payment methods, the HCM1 payment method typically does not require schools to submit documentation to ED and wait for ED approval before
drawing down Title IV Program funds. Schools under HCM1, HCM2 or reimbursement payment methods must also pay any credit balances due
to a student before drawing down funds for the amount of those disbursements from ED, even if the student or parent provides written
authorization for the schools to hold the credit balance. 

If
an institution s composite score is below 1.0, the institution is considered by ED to lack financial responsibility. If ED determines
that an institution does not satisfy ED s financial responsibility standards, depending on its composite score and other factors,
that institution may establish its eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs on an alternative basis by, among other things: 

posting
 a letter of credit in an amount equal to at least 50 of the total Title IV Program funds received by the institution during the
 institution s most recently completed fiscal year; or 

posting
 a letter of credit in an amount equal to at least 10 of the Title IV Program funds received by the institution during its most recently
 completed fiscal year accepting provisional certification; complying with additional ED monitoring requirements and agreeing to receive
 Title IV Program funds under an arrangement other than ED s standard advance funding arrangement. 

If,
in the future, we are required to satisfy ED s standards of financial responsibility on an alternative basis, including potentially
by posting irrevocable letters of credit, we may not have the capacity to post these letters of credit which could result in sanctions
including loss of Title IV Program eligibility. 

ED
annually evaluates the financial responsibility of HDMC, CCC, and Integrity on a consolidated basis. We have calculated our composite
score for the 2023 fiscal year to be 3.0, however this score is subject to determination by ED based on its review of our consolidated
audited financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year. However, if our composite scores in the future were to decrease, we may become
subject to the additional requirements noted above or our Title IV Program eligibility could be affected. We cannot predict how long
it will take the ED to make its determination or the outcome of its determination. 

On
October 31, 2023, ED published final regulations with a general effective date of July 1, 2024 that, among other things, amended the
 general standards of financial responsibility to revise the timeframe for institutions to submit annual audits, require
reporting on the status of foreign entity owners, and add events that constitute a failure to demonstrate an institution is able to meet
financial obligations. These regulations also modified the list of triggering events that could result in ED determining that the institution
lacks financial responsibility and must submit to ED a letter of credit or other form of acceptable financial protection and accept other
conditions on the institution s Title IV Program eligibility. The regulations create lists of mandatory triggering events and discretionary
triggering events. An institution is not able to meet its financial or administrative obligations if a mandatory triggering event occurs.
The mandatory triggering events include: 

an
 institution with a composite score of less than 1.5 has a recalculated composite score of less than 1.0 as determined by ED as a
 result of an institutional liability from a monetary award or judgment or settlement resulting from a legal proceeding; 

an
 institution (or an entity that has submitted financial statements to ED in connection with a change in ownership) is subject to a
 government enforcement action (sued by a federal or state authority or via a qui tam action) and the action has been pending for
 120 days and no motion to dismiss is pending or has been granted; 

the
 institution s recalculated composite score is less than 1.0 after ED initiates action to recoup funds from institution after
 BDR claim decided in borrower s favor; 

an
 institution or entity that submitted an application with ED for a change of ownership has a recalculated composite score is less
 than 1.0 after a final monetary judgment, award or settlement that was entered against it at any point through the end of the second
 full fiscal year after the change of ownership; 

a
 proprietary institution with a composite score of less than 1.5 or that underwent a change of ownership in the current or previous
 fiscal year has a recalculated composite score of. less than 1.0 as determined by ED as a result of a withdrawal of owner s
 equity from the institution unless certain exceptions apply; 

at
 least half of Title IV funds in the institution s most recently completed fiscal year are for failing gainful
 employment programs; 

the
 institution is required to submit a teach-out plan due to financial concerns; 

the
 SEC takes certain actions against a publicly listed entity that directly or indirectly owns at least 50 of an institution or such
 entity fails to comply with certain filing requirements; 

the
 institution did not receive at least 10 percent of its revenue from sources other than Federal educational assistance as calculated
 under 90/10 rule during its most recently completed fiscal year; 

the
 institution s two most recent cohort default rates are 30 percent or greater, unless a pending appeal could reduce one of the
 rates 

the
 institution s composite score is less than 1.0 when recalculated to reflect the offset of distribution after a contribution; 

the
 institution or entity included in financial statements is subject to adverse or impermissible conditions under a financing arrangement
 as a result of ED action; 

46 

the
 institution declares financial exigency to government agency or accrediting agency; 

the
 institution or an owner files for a receivership or is ordered to appoint a receiver. 

ED
also may determine that an institution lacks financial responsibility if one or more of the following discretionary triggering events
occurs and the event is likely to have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution: 

a
 show cause or similar order from the institution s accrediting agency or a government authority; 

a
 notice from the institution s state authorizing or licensing agency of an intent to withdraw or terminate the institution s
 state authorization or licensure if the institution does not take steps to comply with state requirements; 

the
 institution (or an owner entity covered by the regulation) is subject to a default, delinquency, or other adverse creditor event,
 or to a condition not permitted under the regulation, under or related to a loan agreement or other financing arrangement or has
 a judgement awarding monetary relief entered against it that is subject to appeal or under appeal; 

there
 is a significant fluctuation in Pell Grant and/or Direct Loans received by an institution during a period of award years; 

high
 annual drop-out rates from the institution as determined by ED; 

ED
 requires the institutions to provide additional financial reporting due to a failure to meet financial responsibility standards or
 indicators of significant change in the financial condition of the institution; 

ED
 forms a group process to consider pending borrower defense to repayment claims that could be subject to recoupment; 

a
 program is discontinued that enrolls more than 25 of the institution s total enrolled students who receive Title IV Program
 funds; 

the
 institution closes a location that enrolls more than 25 of its total enrolled students who receive Title IV Program funds; 

the
 institution, or one of its programs, is cited by a State agency for failing to meet requirements; 

the
 institution, or one of its programs, loses eligibility to participate in another Federal educational assistance program; 

a
 publicly traded company that directly or indirectly owns at least 50 of the institution discloses in public securities exchange
 filing that it is under investigation for possible violation of law; 

the
 institution is cited by another federal agency and risks losing education assistance funds by that agency; 

the
 institution is required to submit a teach-out plan due to concerns other than those constituting a mandatory triggering event; or 

any
 other event or condition that ED finds is likely to have significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution. 

The
regulations require an institution to notify ED of the occurrence of a mandatory or discretionary triggering event and, in some cases,
provide an opportunity to provide certain information to ED to demonstrate why the event does not establish the institution s lack
of financial responsibility or require the submission of a letter of credit and impose other conditions or requirements. If more than
one of these financial responsibility triggers occur, ED could impose separate letters of credit to address each triggering event. 

47 

The
financial responsibility regulations could result in ED recalculating and reducing our composite score, on a retroactive basis, to account
for ED estimates of potential losses under one or more of the extensive list of triggering circumstances and also could result in the
imposition of conditions and requirements including a requirement to provide one or more letters of credit or other form of financial
protection. It is difficult to predict the amount or duration of any letter of credit requirements that ED might impose under the regulation.
The requirement to submit letters of credit or to accept other conditions or restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our
schools business and results of operations. 

Accreditor
and state regulatory requirements also address financial responsibility, and these requirements vary among agencies and also are different
from ED requirements. Any developments relating to our satisfaction of ED s financial responsibility requirements may lead to additional
focus or review by our accreditors or applicable state agencies regarding their respective financial responsibility requirements. 

If
our institutions fail to maintain financial responsibility, they could lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs,
have that eligibility adversely conditioned or be subject to similar negative consequences under accreditor and state regulatory requirements,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, limitations on, or termination of, participation in the Title
IV Programs as a result of the failure to demonstrate financial responsibility or administrative capability would limit students 
access to Title IV Program funds, which would materially and adversely reduce the enrollments and revenues of our institutions. 

A
failure to maintain compliance with ED s administrative capability requirements would negatively impact our operations. 

ED
assesses the administrative capability of each institution that participates in the Title IV Programs under a series of separate standards.
Failure to satisfy any of the standards may lead ED to find the institution ineligible to participate in the Title IV Programs or to
place the institution on provisional certification as a condition of its participation and potentially impose fines or other sanctions.
On October 31, 2023, ED published regulations revising and expanding its administrative capability standards. Those revisions took effect
on July 1, 2024. The criteria for administrative capability include, among other things, that the institution: 

comply
 with all applicable federal student financial aid requirements; 

have
 capable and sufficient personnel to administer the Title IV Programs; 

administer
 the Title IV Programs with adequate checks and balances in its system of internal controls over financial reporting; 

divide
 the function of authorizing and disbursing or delivering Title IV Program funds so that no office has the responsibility for both
 functions; 

establish
 and maintain records required under the Title IV Programs regulations; 

develop
 and apply an adequate system to identify and resolve discrepancies in information from sources regarding a student s application
 for financial aid under the Title IV Programs; 

have
 acceptable methods of defining and measuring the satisfactory academic progress of its students; 

refer
 to the Office of the Inspector General any credible information indicating that any applicant, student, employee, third party servicer
 or other agent of the school has been engaged in any fraud or other illegal conduct involving the Title IV Programs; 

not
 be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity that is
 cause for debarment or suspension; 

provide
 adequate financial aid counseling to its students; 

submit,
 in a timely manner, all reports and financial statements required by the Title IV Program regulations; 

provide
 adequate career services and geographically accessible clinical or externship opportunities to it students; 

48 

disburses
 funds to students in a timely manner that best meets their needs; 

does
 not have programs that fail gainful employment rates and measures and that represent 50 percent or more of its total
 receipts under the Title IV Programs in the most recent award year; 

does
 not engage in substantial misrepresentations or aggressive and deceptive recruitment tactics; and 

not
 otherwise appear to lack administrative capability. 

Failure
by us to satisfy any of these or other administrative capability criteria could cause our institutions to be subject to sanctions or
other actions by ED or to lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs, which would have a significant impact on our business
and results of operations. 

Our
institutions could be subject to liabilities and sanctions if they violate ED regulations and guidance limiting compensation to individuals
and entities involved in certain recruiting, admissions or financial aid activities. 

An
institution participating in the Title IV Programs may not provide any commission, bonus or other incentive payment based directly or
indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruiting or admission
activities or in making decisions regarding the awarding of Title IV Program funds. This statutory prohibition under the HEA, and as
implemented by ED, applies to all institutional employees and service providers who are engaged in or responsible for any student recruitment
or admission activity or making decisions regarding the award of financial aid. We cannot predict how ED will interpret and enforce the
incentive compensation prohibition. The prohibition on incentive compensation has had and will continue to have a significant impact
on the productivity of our employees, on the retention of our employees and on our business and results of operations. Failure to comply
with the incentive compensation prohibition could result in loss of an institution s certification to participate in the Title
IV Programs, limitations on Title IV Program participation or financial penalties. On July 17, 2024, ED announced it will issue guidance
related to the incentive compensation rule no sooner than later this year, which could, among other things, modify existing published
ED guidance related to the incentive compensation rule. 

Our
institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from applicable
federal educational assistance programs is too high. 

Under
the HEA, a proprietary institution that derives more than 90 of its total revenue from the Title IV Programs or, for fiscal years beginning
on or after January 1, 2023, from all federal educational assistance funds) for two consecutive fiscal years becomes immediately ineligible
to participate in the Title IV Programs and may not reapply for eligibility until the end of at least two fiscal years 90/10
Rule ). An institution whose receipts of applicable funds exceeds 90 of revenue for a single fiscal year will be placed on provisional
certification, be required to notify ED and its students of the possibility of a loss of Title IV Program eligibility, and may be subject
to other enforcement measures, including a requirement to submit a letter of credit. See Business - Education Regulations - Financial
Responsibility Standards. We have calculated the 90/10 Rule percentages for the 2023, 2022 and 2021 fiscal years as follows for
HDMC, CCC and Integrity: HDMC 84.53 , 82.17 and 84.24 ; CCC 74.48 , 72.34 and 71.18 ; and Integrity 88.14 , 85.43 , and 89.47 , respectively.
Our 90/10 calculations are subject to review and potential recalculation by ED. In addition, the 90/10 Rule is complex and there is some
ambiguity in certain technical aspects of the calculation methodology under the 90/10 Rule. If ED comes out with additional guidance
or interpretations that are different than our interpretations, ED could recalculate the 90/10 Rule percentages of our institutions,
which could result in one or more of the percentages exceeding 90 percent. All of these calculations are subject to review, differing
interpretations, and potential recalculation by ED which makes it more difficult for our institutions to comply with the 90/10 Rule.
A loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV Programs for any of our institutions would have a significant impact on the rate at
which our students enroll in our programs and on our business and results of operations. Moreover, if an institution violated the 90/10
Rule and became ineligible to participate in Title IV Programs but continued to disburse Title IV Program funds, ED would require the
institution to repay all Title IV Program funds received by the institution after the effective date of the loss of eligibility. 

49 

The
American Rescue Plan Act ARPA amended the 90/10 Rule by treating other federal student financial assistance funds in
the same manner as Title IV Program funds in the 90/10 Rule percentage. This amendment requires our institutions to limit the combined
amount of Title IV Program funds and other federal student financial assistance funds in a fiscal year to no more than 90 in a fiscal
year as calculated under the 90/10 Rule. ED published final regulations on the 90/10 Rule on October 28, 2022. The final regulations
became effective July 1, 2023 and applied to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2023 (which will be the fiscal years ending
June 30, 2024 for our schools). The new rule modified how institutions counted revenue when calculating compliance with the 90/10 Rule,
and added a requirement to notify students of the potential loss of eligibility resulting from not meeting the 90/10 standard, among
other changes. ED has published a Notice in the Federal Register listing the types of funds that are considered federal education assistance
funds under the new 90/10 Rule. The funds include GI Bill funding and Military Tuition Assistance, among other sources of funds. We expect
the change in the 90/10 Rule will increase our 90/10 Rule percentages and make it more difficult to comply with the 90/10 Rule and could
require changes to maintain compliance. 

Additional
ED regulations restrict the ability of institutions to limit the amount of Title IV Program loans that students and parents may borrow
which can impact our ability to control compliance with the 90/10 Rule at our institutions. In addition, there is a lack of clarity regarding
some of the technical aspects of the calculation methodology under the 90/10 Rule, which may lead to regulatory action or investigations
by ED. Changes in, or new interpretations of, the calculation methodology or other industry practices under the 90/10 Rule could further
significantly impact our compliance with the 90/10 Rule, and responding to any review or investigation by ED involving us could require
a significant amount of resources. Efforts to reduce the 90/10 Rule percentage for our institutions have and may in the future involve
taking measures that involve interpretations of the 90/10 Rule that are without clear precedent, reduce our revenue or increase our operating
expenses (or all of the foregoing, in each case perhaps significantly). Because of the changes to the 90/10 Rule made by ARPA and ED,
we may be required to make structural changes to our business to remain in compliance, which changes may materially alter the manner
in which we conduct our business and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. Furthermore, these required changes could be unsuccessful and could make more difficult our ability to comply with other important
regulatory requirements, such as the cohort default rate regulations. 

However,
we cannot predict the need or timing of any such changes, whether these changes would be successful in maintaining compliance with the
90/10 Rule or whether such changes will have other adverse effects on our business. 

Our
institutions could lose their eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs or have other limitations placed upon them if their
federal student loan cohort default rates are greater than the standards set by ED. 

The
HEA limits participation in the Title IV Programs by institutions whose percentage of former students who defaulted on the repayment
of certain federally guaranteed or funded student loans (the cohort default rate exceeds prescribed thresholds. ED calculates
these rates based on the number of students who have defaulted, not the dollar amount of such defaults. The cohort default rate is calculated
on a federal fiscal year basis and measures the percentage of students who enter repayment of a loan during the federal fiscal year and
default on the loan on or before the end of the federal fiscal year or the subsequent two federal fiscal years. 

Under
the HEA, an institution whose cohort default rate is 30 or greater for three consecutive federal fiscal years loses eligibility to participate
in certain Title IV Programs for the remainder of the federal fiscal year in which ED determines that such institution has lost its eligibility
and for the two subsequent federal fiscal years. An institution whose cohort default rate for any single federal fiscal year exceeds
40 loses its eligibility to participate in certain Title IV Programs for the remainder of the federal fiscal year in which ED determines
that such institution has lost its eligibility and for the two subsequent federal fiscal years. If an institution s three-year
cohort default rate equals or exceeds 30 in two of the three most recent federal fiscal years for which ED has issued cohort default
rates, the institution may be placed on provisional certification status and could be required to submit a letter of credit to ED. See
 Risk Factors - A failure to maintain compliance with ED s financial responsibility requirements would have
negative impacts on our operations. 

In
October 2023, ED released the final cohort default rates for the 2020 federal fiscal year. These are the most recent final rates published
by ED. The rates for our existing institutions for the 2020, 2019, and 2018 federal fiscal years respectively are as follows: HDMC 0.0 ,
1.1 , and 3.4 ; CCC 0.0 , 1.4 , and 2.5 ; and Integrity 0.0 , 2.5 , and 4.0 . Consequently, none of our institutions had a cohort default
rate equal to or greater than 30 for the 2020, 2019, or 2018 federal fiscal years. During the COVID-19 pandemic, ED temporarily suspended
federal student loan repayment obligations. This suspension, which lasted over three years, contributed to a reduction in our cohort
default rates. Our cohort default rates could be substantially higher for the periods after the suspension expired if borrowers do not
timely repay their federal student loans. 

50 

If
any of our institutions were to lose eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs due to student loan default rates being higher
than ED s thresholds and we could not arrange for adequate alternative student financing sources, we might have to close those
institutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our total student enrollment, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

If
ED denies, or significantly conditions, recertification of any of our institutions to participate in the Title IV Programs, that institution
could not conduct its business as it is currently conducted. 

Under
the provisions of the HEA, an institution must apply to ED for continued certification to participate in the Title IV Programs at least
every six years or when it undergoes a change in ownership resulting in a change of control. ED defines an institution to consist of
both a main campus and its additional locations, if any. Under this definition, for ED purposes, we operate the following three institutions,
collectively consisting of three main campuses and two additional locations: HDMC with locations in Lancaster, Bakersfield, and Temecula;
CCC located in Salinas; and Integrity located in Pasadena. Generally, the recertification process includes a review by ED of an institution s
educational programs and locations, administrative capability, financial responsibility and other oversight categories. The current expiration
date of the program participation agreements for HDMC and CCC is September 30, 2026. Integrity is currently participating in the Title
IV Programs under a temporary provisional program participation agreement in connection with its change in ownership and control resulting
from our acquisition of the institution. The temporary provisional program participation agreement had an expiration date of November
30, 2020 but continues on a month-to-month basis thereafter based on the institution s submission to ED of certain required documentation
and remains in effect until the conclusion of ED s review of Integrity s pending application for approval of its change in
ownership and control. 

ED
typically provides provisional certification to an institution following a change in ownership resulting in a change of control and also
may provisionally certify an institution for other reasons, including, but not limited to, noncompliance with certain standards of administrative
capability and financial responsibility. Our Integrity institution is currently approved under a temporary provisional program participation
agreement which (as described in the subsequent section) permits an institution to continue participating in the Title IV Programs on
a month-to-month basis while ED reviews the change in ownership and as long as the institution timely submits certain documentation to
ED during the process. An institution that is provisionally certified receives fewer due process rights than those received by other
institutions in the event ED takes certain adverse actions against the institution, is required to obtain prior ED approvals of new campuses
and educational programs and may be subject to heightened scrutiny by ED. However, provisional certification does not otherwise limit
an institution s access to Title IV Program funds. 

On
October 31, 2023, ED published a final rule revising its Title IV Program certification regulations, with an effective date of July 1,
2024. The rule codifies additional grounds for placing an institution on provisional certification, including a determination by ED that
an institution is at risk of closure and ED s consideration of supplementary performance measures that include an institution s
withdrawal rate, recruiting expenses, and licensure pass rate. The revised certification regulations also increase the number of requirements
contained in an institution s Program Participation Agreement (including, for example, a requirement to comply with all state laws
related to closure), require certain ownership entities to sign the Program Participation Agreement, establish new standards for maximum
program length (including a prohibition on the length of certain educational programs from exceeding the required minimum number of hours
established by applicable state(s) for entry-level training requirements for the occupation for which the programs train students), require
certification that an institution s programs meet applicable educational requirements for graduates to obtain required occupational
licensure or certification in a state, and restricts the ability of institutions to withhold transcripts. The revised regulations also
impose new potential conditions on provisionally certified institutions, including but not limited to the submission of teach-out and/or
document retention plans, growth restrictions, acquisition restrictions, additional reporting requirements, limitations on written arrangements,
and additional conditions applicable to institutions found to have engaged in substantial misrepresentations or institutions seeking
to convert to nonprofit status following a change in ownership. The revised certification regulations are expansive, complex and could
be difficult for our institutions to comply with as its applicable requirements are interpreted by ED. If ED finds that any of our institutions
do not fully satisfy all required eligibility and certification standards, ED could limit, condition, suspend, terminate, revoke, or
decline to renew our institutions participation in the Title IV Programs or impose liabilities or other sanctions. Continued Title
IV Program eligibility is critical to the operation of our business. If our institutions become ineligible to participate in the Title
IV Programs, or have that participation significantly conditioned, we may be unable to conduct our business as it is currently conducted
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

51 

If
we acquire an institution, the acquisition generally constitutes a change in ownership and control that requires the institution to obtain
approvals from ED and applicable state and accrediting agencies in order to remain eligible to participate in the Title IV Programs and
continue to operate as an accredited institution in the states where the institution operates. 

When
a company acquires an institution that is eligible to participate in the Title IV Programs, the acquisition generally will result in
the institution undergoing a change of ownership resulting in a change of control as defined by ED and under the rules of other agencies
and accreditors. Upon such a change, an institution s eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs is generally suspended
until it has applied for recertification by ED as an eligible school under its new ownership, which requires that the school also re-establish
its state authorization and accreditation. ED may temporarily and provisionally certify an institution seeking approval of a change of
control under certain circumstances while ED reviews the institution s application. The temporary provisional certification typically
remains in effect on a month-to-month basis during ED s review of the application as long as the school timely submits certain
documentation during the course of ED s review. 

The
time required for ED to act on such an application may vary substantially. ED recertification of an institution following a change of
control will be on a provisional basis if ED approves the institution s application and could contain restrictions or conditions
depending on the outcome of its review of the institution including its administrative capability and financial stability. Under ED regulations
that took effect July 1, 2023, the institutions must submit certain information and documentation at least 90 days in advance of the
change in ownership including, for example, notice to current and prospective students of the planned change in ownership. The approval
processes for state and accrediting agencies vary in scope and timing with some agencies requiring approval prior to the acquisition
and others not conducting their review until after the acquisition has taken place. Thus, any plans to expand our business through acquisition
of additional schools and have them certified by ED to participate in the Title IV Programs will be subject to the timing and outcome
of the application, review and approval processes and requirements of ED and the relevant state education agencies and accreditors and
could be impacted by any conditions or restrictions imposed by ED or other agencies on the institution under our ownership. 

On
December 31, 2019, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with the sole member of Integrity. We purchased from the
sole member of Integrity on that date 24.5 of her interest and obtained an exclusive option to acquire her remaining membership interest
upon payment of 100, which was exercised on September 15, 2020. For purposes of our financial statements, our acquisition of Integrity
is deemed to have been effective as of December 31, 2019. We believe that a change in ownership and control of Integrity did not occur
until September 15, 2020 under the change in ownership and control standards of ED and the other educational agencies that regulate Integrity,
but these standards are subject to interpretation by the respective agencies. The review by ED of the change in ownership and control
of Integrity in connection with our acquisition of Integrity remains ongoing. Integrity currently holds a temporary provisional program
participation agreement with ED in connection with our acquisition of the institution, which has continued its Title IV Program participation
on a month-to-month basis pending ED s approval of the change in ownership and control. If ED concludes that a change in ownership
or control of Integrity occurred prior to September 15, 2020, we could be subject to liabilities or other sanctions by ED, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our
failure to comply with laws and regulations regarding prohibited misrepresentation could result in sanctions, liabilities or litigation
that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

ED s
regulations prohibit an institution that participates in the Title IV Programs from engaging in misrepresentations regarding the nature
of its educational programs, financial charges, graduate employability or its relationship with ED. A misrepresentation 
includes any false, erroneous, or misleading statement (whether made in writing, visually, orally, or through other means) that is made
by an eligible institution, by one of its representatives, or by a third party that provides to the institution educational programs,
marketing, advertising, recruiting, or admissions services and that is made to a student, prospective student, any member of the public,
an accrediting or state agency, or to ED. If ED determines that one of our institutions has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, 
ED may impose sanctions or other conditions upon the institution including, but not limited to, initiating an action to fine the institution
or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs and may seek to discharge students loans
and impose liabilities upon the institution. ED defines a substantial misrepresentation to include any misrepresentation
on which the person to whom it was made could reasonably be expected to rely, or has reasonably relied, to that person s detriment.
The definition of substantial misrepresentation is broad and, therefore, it is possible that a statement made by the institution
or one of its service providers or representatives could be construed by ED to constitute a substantial misrepresentation. Other federal
agencies, state agencies, and accrediting agencies have similar rules that prohibit certain types of misrepresentations or unfair marketing
and advertising practices by us or others on our behalf on a variety of subjects including, without limitation, the accuracy and substantiation
of rates of graduation, job placement, and passage of occupational licensure examinations. Noncompliance with these requirements could
result in sanctions, liabilities, or third-party litigation that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
ED published a final rule on November 1, 2022, which expanded the scope of prohibited misrepresentations, and which also prohibits certain
types of conduct with respect to the recruitment of students. The adoption and implementation of new regulations could lead to findings
of noncompliance and result in liabilities and other sanctions that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

52 

In
addition, the FTC has indicated an increased focus on direct or implied misrepresentations. For example, on October 6, 2021, the FTC
issued letters including a Notice of Penalty Offenses Concerning Deceptive or Unfair Conduct in the Education Marketplace 
to 70 institutions of higher education, but not any of our institutions. These letters were meant to place the recipients on actual notice
of conduct the FTC previously found to violate the Federal Trade Commission Act. This conduct included several categories of direct or
implied misrepresentations made by proprietary schools. These letters may reflect an increased interest by the FTC in monitoring schools
in the for-profit proprietary school sector, including our schools. If our institutions fail to comply with an FTC statute or rule or
are found to have committed misconduct determined to be unfair, deceptive, or otherwise improper, we and our institutions could face
civil penalties, injunctions, or other remedies available to the FTC. 

If
our institutions fail to comply with regulations regarding accurate and timely refunds and returns of Title IV Program funds in connection
with students who withdraw from their programs, we could be subject to liabilities and sanctions. 

An
institution participating in the Title IV Programs must calculate the amount of unearned Title IV Program funds that have been disbursed
to students who withdraw from their educational programs before completing them, and must return those unearned funds to ED in a timely
manner, which is generally within 45 days from the date the institution determines that the student has withdrawn. The failure to timely
return funds can result in liabilities or sanctions. 

If
an institution is cited in an audit or program review for late returns of Title IV Program funds for 5 or more of the pertinent students
within the audit or program review sample, or if an audit identifies a material weakness in the institution s report on internal
controls relating to the return of unearned Title IV Program funds, the institution may be required to post a letter of credit in favor
of ED in an amount equal to 25 of the total amount of Title IV Program funds that should have been returned for students who withdrew
in the institution s prior fiscal year. Neither HDMC nor CCC has received such a finding in either of the two most recently completed
annual Title IV Program compliance audits submitted to ED. On January 30, 2024, due to a failure to timely return unearned Title IV Program
funds to ED, Integrity was required to submit an acceptable form of financial protection for 25 of the refunds that were made for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 in the amount of 18,828. 

In
January through March 2024, ED conducted negotiated rulemaking to prepare proposed regulations on several topics including the rules
pertaining to returns of Title IV Program funds. On July 24, 2024, ED promulgated proposed amended regulations related to return of Title
IV calculations. Our institutions are required to perform return of Title IV calculations and the final version of the amended regulations
may impact our performance of these mandatory calculations. We cannot predict the ultimate timing, content and effective date of final
amended regulations, or any future rulemaking process by ED that would result, though it is possible such future regulations are more
onerous or could negatively impact our institutions. 

If
our institutions open new campuses or add or change new educational programs, we may be required to obtain approvals from ED and our
state and accrediting agencies. 

For-profit
educational institutions must be authorized by their state education agencies and be fully operational for two years before applying
to ED to participate in the Title IV Programs. However, an institution that is certified to participate in the Title IV Programs may
establish an additional location and apply to participate in the Title IV Programs at that location without reference to the two-year
requirement, if such additional location satisfies all other applicable ED eligibility requirements. Our expansion plans are based, in
part, on our ability to open new schools as additional locations of our existing institutions and are dependent upon ED s timely
review and approval of new campuses. Effective July 1, 2024, ED has discretion to condition the participation of provisionally certified
schools by restricting or limiting the addition of new programs or locations. If ED chose to impose such a condition on one or more of
our institutions, that could negatively impact our expansion plans. 

53 

A
student may use Title IV Program funds only to pay the costs associated with enrollment in an eligible educational program offered by
an institution participating in the Title IV Programs. Generally, unless otherwise required by ED or regulation, an institution that
is eligible to participate in the Title IV Programs may add a new educational program without ED approval. Institutions that are provisionally
certified may be required to obtain approval of certain educational programs. Our Integrity institution is provisionally certified and
required to obtain prior ED approval of new locations and educational programs. If an institution erroneously determines that an educational
program is eligible for purposes of the Title IV Programs, the institution would likely be liable for repayment of Title IV Program funds
provided to students in that educational program. Our expansion plans are based, in part, on our ability to add new educational programs
at our existing schools and make periodic updates to our programs. 

In
addition to ED, some of the state education agencies and our accreditors also have requirements that may affect our schools ability
to open a new campus, establish an additional location of an existing institution or add or change educational programs. Approval by
these agencies may be conditioned, delayed or denied and could be negatively impacted due to regulatory inquiries or reviews and any
adverse publicity relating to such matters or the industry generally. 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company executed a Letter of Intent with Contra Costa Medical Career College CCMCC ), CCMCC Online,
Inc., and Contra Costa Community Outreach Clinic and Laboratory (collectively, Contra Costa which describes a potential
transaction whereby the Company would acquire substantially all of the assets of Contra Costa for a mix of cash and Company common stock.
The Company contemplates it would teach-out the Contra Costa students and subsequently establish CCMCC as an additional location of CCC,
in each case subject to all required regulatory approvals and the execution of a definitive agreement with Contra Costa. If CCMCC incurs
any liabilities associated with prior noncompliance with applicable laws or ED discharge of Title IV loans for students who do not complete
the teach-out, ED could interpret its rules to require us to assume these liabilities. If ED or other regulators impose conditions or
decline to provide requisite approvals associated with the acquisition, the teach-out, or the addition of the CCMCC campus as an additional
location of CCC, it could impair our ability to expand our CCC institution through the acquisition of substantially all of the assets
of Contra Costa 

If
our students access to financial aid from state sources, from federal sources other than the Title IV Programs, or from alternative
loan programs is lost or reduced, it could impact our results of operations. 

Some
of our students receive financial aid from federal sources other than the Title IV Programs, such as programs administered by the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs and under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. In addition, some of our students receive state
financial aid in the form of grants, loans or scholarships. The eligibility and compliance requirements for these federal and state financial
aid programs are extensive and vary among the funding agencies and by program. Our failure to comply with legal requirements applicable
to federal and state financial assistance programs could result in repayment liabilities, sanctions, or loss of eligibility to participate
in those programs which could impact our results of operations and also impact our compliance with ED s 90/10 Rule which requires
our institutions to generate revenues from sources other than the Title IV Programs and other federal financial assistance. 

States
that provide financial aid to our students face budgetary constraints, which in certain instances has reduced the level of state financial
aid available to our students. Due to state budgetary shortfalls and constraints in certain states in which we operate, the overall level
of state financial aid for our students could decrease in the near term, but we cannot predict how significant any such reductions will
be or how long they will last. Federal budgetary shortfalls and constraints, or decisions by federal lawmakers to limit or prohibit access
by our institutions or their students to federal financial aid, could result in a decrease in the level of federal financial aid for
our students. 

Under
the WIOA, institutions currently must report data regarding credential attainment rates, job placement rates and other information and
may be required to meet negotiated performance goals set by the state agency administering WIOA funds. On June 21, 2024, the U.S. Senate
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee released a discussion draft of a bill to reauthorize the WIOA. Among other changes,
the draft proposes to impose a repayment penalty on certain providers with eligible programs for which program competitors have not met
the newly established credential attainment rates or job placement rates. 

54 

As
currently proposed in the discussion draft bill, the repayment penalty would only apply to for-profit entities. If any of our institutions 
programs that receive WIOA funds do not meet the established performance levels and if the draft becomes law, our institutions could
be required to repay between 5 and 20 percent of the WIOA funds received for training services for that program. If our participating
institutions and their programs were to not meet other WIOA requirements, they would risk losing eligibility to participate in the program.
Further, reauthorization of the WIOA could result in changes to the process for determining funding for its programs, which could affect
our institutions revenues. 

In
addition to the Title IV Programs and other government-administered programs, all our schools participate in alternative loan programs
for their students. Alternative loans fill the gap between what the student receives from all financial aid sources and what the student
may need to cover the full cost of his or her education. We also extend credit for tuition and fees to students that attend our campuses.
We are required to comply with applicable federal and state laws related to certain consumer and educational loans and credit extensions
and are subject to review by federal and state agencies responsible for overseeing compliance with these requirements. Our failure to
comply with these requirements could result in repayment liabilities, sanctions, investigations or litigation which could impact our
results of operations. 

On
January 20, 2022, the CFPB announced its intent to examine the operations of postsecondary schools that extend private loans directly
to students. Accompanying this announcement was an update to the CFPB s Examination Procedures to now require CFPB examiners to
review several aspects of educational loans including enrollment restrictions, withholding transcripts, improper accelerated payments,
failure to issue refunds, and improper lending relationships. Our institutions may be subject to greater scrutiny by the CFPB than in
the past, and failure to comply with applicable laws and requirements could result in repayment liabilities, sanctions, investigations
or litigation which could impact our results of operations. 

Government
and regulatory agencies and third parties may conduct compliance reviews and audits or bring actions against us that could result in
monetary liabilities, injunctions, loss of eligibility for the Title IV Programs or other adverse outcomes. 

Because
we operate in a highly regulated industry, we are subject to compliance reviews and audits as well as claims of noncompliance and lawsuits
by government agencies, regulatory agencies and third parties. Our institutions are subject to audits, program reviews, site visits and
other reviews by various federal and state regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, ED, ED s Office of Inspector General,
state education agencies and other state regulators, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and other federal agencies and by our accrediting
agencies. In addition, each of our institutions must retain an independent certified public accountant to conduct an annual audit of
the institution s administration of Title IV Program funds. The institution must submit the resulting audit report to ED for review. 

If
one of our institutions fails to comply with accrediting or state licensing requirements, such school and its main and/or branch campuses
and educational programs could be subject to the loss of state licensure or accreditation, which in turn could result in a loss of eligibility
to participate in the Title IV Programs. If ED or another agency determined that one of our institutions improperly disbursed Title IV
Program funds or other financial assistance funds or violated a provision of the HEA or ED regulations, the institution could be required
to repay such funds and related costs to ED or other agencies, and could be assessed an administrative fine or subject to other sanctions
including loss of eligibility to participate in the impacted financial assistance program. ED could also place the institution on provisional
certification status and/or transfer the institution to the reimbursement or cash monitoring system of receiving Title IV Program funds,
under which an institution must disburse its own funds to students and document the students eligibility for Title IV Program
funds before receiving such funds from ED. 

Significant
violations of Title IV Program requirements by us or any of our institutions could be the basis for ED to limit, suspend, terminate,
revoke, or decline to renew the participation of the affected institution in the Title IV Programs or to seek civil or criminal penalties.
We and our institutions are also subject to claims and lawsuits relating to regulatory compliance brought not only by federal and state
regulatory agencies and our accrediting bodies, but also by third parties, such as present or former students or employees and other
members of the public. 

55 

If
the result of any pending or future proceeding, lawsuit, audit, review, or investigation is unfavorable to us, we may be required to
pay money damages or be subject to fines, limitations, conditions, loss of Title IV Program funding and eligibility for other financial
assistance programs, loss of accreditation or state authorization, injunctions or other penalties which could impact our results of operations.
Even if we adequately address issues raised by an agency review or successfully defend a lawsuit or claim, we may have to divert significant
financial and management resources from our ongoing business operations to address issues raised by those actions. Claims and lawsuits
brought against us may damage our reputation or adversely affect our stock price, even if such actions are eventually determined to be
without merit. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under Sarbanes-Oxley related to accounting controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover
material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly
and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section
404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley ), requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to comply with the rules under Sarbanes-Oxley related to disclosure controls
and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures,
our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies
are discovered or if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that
we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404
of Sarbanes-Oxley. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important
to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results
could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could
drop significantly. 

Our
financial performance depends on the level of student enrollment in our institutions. 

Stagnant
wage growth and heightened financial worries could continue to affect the willingness of students to incur loans to pay for postsecondary
education and to pursue postsecondary education in general. An improving economy and improving job prospects may lead prospective students
to choose to work rather than to pursue postsecondary education. Our enrollments could suffer from any of these circumstances. 

Enrollment
of students at our institutions is impacted by many of the regulatory risks discussed above and business risks discussed below, many
of which are beyond our control. If the costs of Title IV loans increase and if availability of alternate student financial aid decreases,
students may decide not to enroll in a postsecondary institution, including our institutions. We could experience decreasing enrollments
in our institutions due to changing demographic trends in family size, overall declines in enrollment in postsecondary institutions or
in for-profit institutions, job growth in fields unrelated to our core disciplines, immigration and visa laws, or other societal factors. 

Reduced
enrollments at our institutions, for any of the reasons mentioned or otherwise, may reduce our profitability and is likely to have a
negative impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows, which, depending on the level of the decline,
could be material. 

We
compete with a variety of educational institutions and if we are unable to compete effectively, our total student enrollment and revenue
could be adversely impacted. 

The
postsecondary education industry is highly fragmented and increasingly competitive. Our institutions compete with traditional public
and private two-year and four-year colleges and universities, other for-profit institutions, and alternatives to higher education, such
as immediate employment and military service. Some public and private institutions charge lower tuition for courses of study similar
to those offered by our institutions due, in part, to government subsidies, government and foundation grants, tax-deductible contributions
and other financial resources not available to for-profit institutions, and this competition may increase if additional subsidies or
resources become available to those institutions. For example, a typical community college is subsidized by local or state government
and, as a result, tuition rates for associate degree programs are much lower at community colleges than at our institutions. Both the
federal government and several states have proposed programs to enable residents to attend public institutions and community colleges
for free. Our competitors may have substantially greater brand recognition and financial and other resources than we have or may be subject
to fewer regulatory burdens on enrollment and financial aid processes, which may enable them to compete more effectively for potential
students. An increase in competition could affect the success of our recruiting efforts or cause us to reduce our tuition rates and increase
our marketing and other recruiting expenses, which could adversely impact our profitability and cash flows. 

56 

Our
financial performance depends on our ability to develop awareness among, and enroll and retain, students in our institutions and programs
in a cost effective manner. 

If
our institutions are unable to successfully market and advertise their educational programs, our institutions ability to attract
and enroll prospective students in those programs could be adversely affected. We have been investing in initiatives to improve student
experiences, retention and academic outcomes. If these initiatives do not succeed, our ability to attract, enroll and retain students
in our programs could be adversely affected. Consequently, our ability to increase revenue or maintain profitability could be impaired.
Some of the factors that could prevent us from successfully marketing our institutions and the programs that they offer include, but
are not limited to: student or employer dissatisfaction with educational programs and services diminished access to prospective
students our failure to maintain or expand our brand names or other factors related to our marketing or advertising practices 
FTC restrictions on contacting prospective students, Internet, mobile phone and other advertising and marketing media costs and
effectiveness of Internet, mobile phone and other advertising programs and changing media preferences of our target audiences. 

Our
business is subject to fluctuations caused by seasonality or other factors beyond our control, which may cause our operating results
to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 

We
have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations, primarily due
to seasonal changes in student enrollments. We generally experience a seasonal increase in new enrollments during the first quarter of
our fiscal year, as well as during the third quarter each year, when most other colleges and universities begin their fall semesters
and subsequent to holiday break. While we enroll students throughout the year, our second quarter revenue generally is lower than other
quarters due to the holiday season. Other factors beyond our control, such as special events that take place during a quarter when our
student enrollment would normally be high, may have a negative impact on our student enrollments. We expect quarterly fluctuations in
our revenues and results of operations to continue. These fluctuations could result in volatility and adversely affect our operations
from one quarter to the next. 

If
we are unable to successfully resolve future litigation and regulatory and governmental inquiries involving us, or face regulatory actions
or litigation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

From
time to time, we and certain of our current and former directors and executive officers may become named as defendants in various lawsuits,
investigations and claims covering a range of matters, including, but not limited to, violations of the federal securities laws, breaches
of fiduciary duty and claims made by current and former students and employees of our institutions. Claims may include qui tam actions
filed in federal court by individual plaintiffs on behalf of themselves and the federal government alleging violations of the False Claims
Act. Qui tam actions are filed under seal and remain under seal until the government decides whether it will intervene in the
case. If the government elects to intervene in an action, it assumes primary control of that matter if the government elects not
to intervene, then individual plaintiffs may continue the litigation at their own expense on behalf of the government. 

We
and our institutions may also become subject to audits, compliance reviews, inquiries, investigations, claims of non-compliance and litigation
by ED, federal and state regulatory agencies, accrediting agencies, state attorney general offices, present and former students and employees,
and others that may allege violations of statutes, regulations, accreditation standards, consumer protection and other legal and regulatory
requirements applicable to us or our institutions. If the results of any such audits, reviews, inquiries, investigations, claims, or
actions are unfavorable to us, we may be required to pay monetary damages or be subject to fines, operational limitations, loss of federal
funding, injunctions, undertakings, additional oversight and reporting, or other civil or criminal penalties. 

Even
if we maintain compliance with applicable governmental and accrediting body regulations, regulatory scrutiny or adverse publicity arising
from allegations of non-compliance may increase our costs of regulatory compliance and adversely affect our financial results, growth
rates and prospects. For example, Congressional hearings and investigations by state attorneys general, CFPB, FTC, or other federal,
state, or accrediting agencies affecting for-profit institutions may spur plaintiffs law firms or others to initiate additional
litigation against us and other for-profit education providers. 

57 

We
are subject to a variety of other claims and litigation that arise from time to time alleging non-compliance with or violations of state
or federal regulatory matters including, but not limited to, claims involving students, graduates and employees. In the event the extensive
changes in the overall federal and state regulatory construct results in additional statutory or regulatory bases for these types of
matters, or other events result in more of such claims or unfavorable outcomes to such claims, there exists the possibility of a material
adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial position, cash flows and results of operations for the periods in which the effects
of any such matter or matters becomes probable and reasonably estimable. In addition, federal and other regulatory limitations on the
use of pre-dispute resolution clauses and class action waivers in student enrollments agreements may result in increased litigation costs. 

We
cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these and future matters and may incur significant defense costs and other expenses in connection
with them. We may be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs in excess of our insurance coverage related to these matters.
Government investigations and any related legal and administrative proceedings may result in the institution of administrative, civil
injunctive or criminal proceedings against us and/or our current or former directors, officers or employees, or the imposition of significant
fines, penalties or suspensions, or other remedies and sanctions. Any such costs and expenses could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our common stock. 

Our
future financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are required to write down the carrying
value of non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, including long-lived assets, deferred tax assets and goodwill and intangible
assets, such as our trade names. 

In
accordance with GAAP, we review our non-financial assets, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as our trade
names, for impairment on at least an annual basis. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis on
June 30 for each fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may
not be recoverable. If it is determined that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, the excess of the goodwill carrying amount
over the implied fair value is recognized as an impairment loss. We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that their net book value may not be recoverable. When such factors and circumstances exist, we compare the
projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated useful lives against
their respective carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value, based on market
value when available, or discounted expected cash flows, of those assets and is recorded in the period in which the determination is
made. On an interim basis, we review our assets and liabilities to determine if a triggering event had occurred that would result in
it being more likely than not that the fair value would be less than the carrying amount for any of our reporting units or indefinite-lived
intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value for these are based primarily on projected future results and expected cash flows consistent
with our plans to manage the underlying businesses. However, should we encounter unexpected economic conditions or operational results
or need to take additional actions not currently foreseen to comply with current and future regulations, the assumptions used to calculate
the fair value of our assets, estimate of future cash flows, revenue growth, and discount rates, could be negatively impacted and could
result in an impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

The
loss of our key personnel could harm us. 

Our
future success depends largely on the skills, efforts and motivation of our executive officers and other key personnel, including LeeAnn
Rohmann, our Chief Executive Officer, as well as on our ability to attract and retain qualified managers and our institutions 
ability to attract and retain qualified faculty members and administrators. These transitions and loss of key personnel in the future
could slow implementation of key initiatives, lead to changes in or create uncertainty about our business strategies or otherwise impact
management s attention to operations. We face competition in attracting, hiring and retaining executives and key personnel who
possess the skill sets and experiences that we seek. In particular, our performance is dependent upon the availability and retention
of qualified personnel for our ongoing investments in our student support operations. Cost reduction measures due to declining enrollments,
our recent operating losses and the negative publicity surrounding our industry make it difficult and more expensive to attract, hire
and retain qualified and experienced personnel. In addition, key personnel may leave us and subsequently compete against us after any
period they are contractually obligated not to pursue such activities. The loss of the services of our key personnel, or our failure
to attract, integrate and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms and in a timely manner could adversely
affect our results of operations or growth prospects. 

58 

We
may be compelled to terminate programs due to regulatory considerations or declining enrollments and may incur additional costs and expenses,
or fail to achieve anticipated cost savings and business efficiencies, associated with past or future exit or restructuring activities. 

We
must balance current student populations and projected changes in student population with appropriate levels of costs and investment
in real estate and our online platforms. Changes in the economy, regulatory environment or our eligibility for Title IV Program funds
or other federal and state student financial assistance may cause us to terminate programs. Closing facilities or other exit activities
involve costs and expenses which can be significant. Actual costs and expenses involved in closing facilities or other exit activities
may be higher than expected. Under ED regulations, students who attended a closed institution or a closed location of an institution
may qualify for discharges of federal student loans and ED may impose the amount of loan discharges as liabilities on the institution
or affiliated parties including us. Under ED regulations effective July 1, 2024, a discontinuation of programs or locations that enroll
more than 25 percent of an institution s enrolled students can constitute a discretionary triggering event if ED determines the
discontinuation is likely to have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the institution. The benefits anticipated
from closing facilities, other exit activities or restructuring activities such as those involved in our transformation strategy may
be less than anticipated due to a number of factors including unanticipated expenses in teaching out campuses and higher than expected
lease costs. Negative trends in the real estate market could impact the costs related to teaching out campuses and the success of our
initiatives to reduce our real estate obligations. Finally, our transformation strategy may not achieve the anticipated cost savings
and business efficiencies. 

Our
financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to keep pace with changing market needs and technology. 

Increasingly,
prospective employers of students who graduate from our institutions demand that their new employees possess appropriate technological
skills and also appropriate soft skills, such as communication, critical thinking and teamwork skills. These skills can
evolve rapidly in a changing economic and technological environment, so it is important for our institutions educational programs
to evolve in response to those economic and technological changes. Current or prospective students or the employers of our graduates
may not accept expansion of our existing programs, improved program content and the development of new programs. Even if our institutions
are able to develop acceptable new and improved programs in a cost-effective manner, our institutions may not be able to begin offering
them as quickly as prospective employers would like or as quickly as our competitors offer similar programs. If we are unable to adequately
respond to changes in market requirements due to regulatory or financial constraints, rapid technological changes or other factors, our
ability to attract and retain students could be impaired, the rates at which our graduates obtain jobs involving their fields of study
could decline, and our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Government
regulations relating to the Internet could increase our cost of doing business or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
increasing popularity and use of the Internet and other online services has led and may lead to the adoption of new laws and regulatory
practices in the United States or in foreign countries and to new interpretations of existing laws and regulations. These new laws and
interpretations may relate to issues such as online privacy, copyrights, trademarks and service marks, sales taxes, fair business practices
and the requirement that online education institutions qualify to do business as foreign corporations or be licensed in one or more jurisdictions
where they have no physical location or other presence. New laws, regulations or interpretations related to doing business over the Internet
could increase our costs and adversely affect enrollments. 

59 

We
are subject to privacy and information security laws and regulations due to our collection and use of personal information, and any violations
of those laws or regulations, or any breach, theft or loss of that information, could adversely affect our reputation and operations. 

Our
efforts to attract and enroll students result in us collecting, using and keeping substantial amounts of personal information regarding
applicants, our students, their families and alumni, including social security numbers and financial data. We also maintain personal
information about our employees in the ordinary course of our activities. Our services and those of our vendors and other information
can be accessed globally through the Internet. We rely extensively on our network of interconnected applications and databases for day
to day operations as well as financial reporting and the processing of financial transactions. Our computer networks and those of our
vendors that manage confidential information for us or provide services to our students may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, inadvertent
access or display, theft or misuse, hackers, computer viruses, or third parties in connection with hardware and software upgrades and
changes. Such unauthorized access, misuse, theft or hacks could evade our intrusion detection and prevention precautions without alerting
us to the breach or loss for some period of time or may never be detected. We have experienced malware and virus attacks on our systems
which went undetected by our virus detection and prevention software. Regular patching of our computer systems and frequent updates to
our virus detection and prevention software with the latest virus and malware signatures may not catch newly introduced malware and viruses
or zero-day viruses, prior to their infecting our systems and potentially disrupting our data integrity, taking sensitive
information or affecting financial transactions. Because our services can be accessed globally via the Internet, we may be subject to
privacy laws in countries outside the U.S. from which students access our services, which laws may constrain the way we market and provide
our services. While we utilize security and business controls to limit access to and use of personal information, any breach of student
or employee privacy or errors in storing, using or transmitting personal information could violate privacy laws and regulations resulting
in fines or other penalties. The adoption of new or modified state or federal data or cybersecurity legislation could increase our costs
and/or require changes in our operating procedures or systems. A breach, theft or loss of personal information held by us or our vendors,
or a violation of the laws and regulations governing privacy could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or result in lawsuits,
additional regulation, remediation and compliance costs or investments in additional security systems to protect our computer networks,
the costs of which may be substantial. 

System
disruptions and vulnerability from security risks to our online technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to attract and retain students. 

For
our campuses, the performance and reliability of program infrastructure is critical to their operations, reputation and ability to attract
and retain students. Any computer system error or failure, significant increase in traffic on our computer networks, or any significant
failure or unavailability of our computer networks, including, but not limited to, those as a result of natural disasters and network
and telecommunications failures could materially disrupt our delivery of these programs. Any interruption to our institutions 
computer systems or operations could have a material adverse effect on our total student enrollment, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
computer networks may also be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses and other security threats. A user
who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations.
Due to the sensitive nature of the information contained on our networks hackers may target our networks. We may be required to expend
significant resources to protect against the threat of these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches. We
cannot ensure that these efforts will protect our computer networks against security breaches despite our regular monitoring of our technology
infrastructure security. 

Any
general decline in Internet use for any reason, including security or privacy concerns, cost of Internet service or changes in government
regulation, could result in less demand for online educational services and inhibit growth in our online programs. 

We
may incur liability for the unauthorized duplication or distribution of class materials posted online for class discussions. 

In
some instances our faculty members or our students may post various articles or other third-party content on class discussion boards
or download third-party content to personal computers. We may incur claims or liability for the unauthorized duplication or distribution
of this material. Any such claims could subject us to costly litigation and could impose a strain on our financial resources and management
personnel regardless of whether the claims have merit. 

60 

We
rely on proprietary rights and intellectual property in conducting our business, which may not be adequately protected under current
laws, and we may encounter disputes from time to time relating to our use of intellectual property of third parties. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to protect our proprietary rights. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, trade secrets, domain names and agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We may also rely upon service mark and trademark
protection in the United States to protect our rights to our marks as well as distinctive logos and other marks associated with our services;
however, any measures we may take may not be adequate, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to secure, appropriate protections
for our proprietary rights. Unauthorized third parties may attempt to duplicate proprietary aspects of our curricula, online resource
material and other content despite our efforts to protect these rights. Our management s attention may be diverted by these attempts,
and we may need to use funds for lawsuits to protect our proprietary rights against any infringement or violation. 

In
addition, we may encounter disputes from time to time over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property, and we may not prevail
in these disputes. Third parties may raise a claim against us alleging an infringement or violation of the intellectual property of that
third party. Some third-party intellectual property rights may be extremely broad, and it may not be possible for us to conduct our operations
in such a way as to avoid those intellectual property rights. Any such intellectual property claim could subject us to costly litigation
and impose a significant strain on our financial resources and management personnel regardless of whether such claim has merit. 

General
Risk Factors 

Market
and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and share price. 

Concerns
over medical epidemics, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a deteriorating real estate market, unstable
global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished
liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global
economy and expectations of slower global economic growth, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years.
Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued
unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make
any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing
in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share
price and could require us to delay, curtail or abandon our business plans. 

Our
Bylaws provide that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between the Company and its stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or employees. 

Our
Bylaws provide that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court
of Clark County, Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims with respect to: (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed
by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action arising
or asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Nevada Revised Statutes Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of the Company s
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company s Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with the Company or its directors, officers, other employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its
directors, officers, other employees and agents. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our
Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

61 

Certain
provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover
more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in stockholders interest. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS contain certain provisions that may have the effect of
making it more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of our company, even when these attempts may be in the best
interests of our stockholders. For example, our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred
stock. This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our
board of directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting rights (including
the right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock,
and therefore, reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could
be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party and thereby preserve control by the present management.
Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals
or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such
provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our Articles
of Incorporation, Bylaws and Nevada law, as applicable, among other things: 

provide
 the board of directors with the ability to alter the Bylaws without stockholder approval; 

establish
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon
 at stockholder meetings; and 

provide
 that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends. 

While
we have declared and paid cash dividends on our capital stock in 2023, we currently intend to retain all available funds and any future
earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit facility may preclude us from paying any dividends. As a result, capital appreciation,
if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of potential gain for the foreseeable future. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research reports about our business, our
stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us
or our business, our market and our competitors. If no or few securities or industry analysts cover our company, the trading price for
our common stock would be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our common stock or publishes
incorrect or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage
of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price
or trading volume to decline. 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our securities less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company for
up to five years. We may take advantage of these provisions until the earlier of (i) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth
anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering (ii) the last day of the fiscal year (a) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (b) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our
equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, and (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period. These
exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and being exempt from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that
have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find
our shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result, there
may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 

62 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

We
recognize the critical importance of maintaining the safety and security of our systems and data and we take a holistic approach to the
oversight and management of cybersecurity and related risks. This approach is supported by our Board of Directors and management who
are actively involved in the oversight of our risk management program. 

Like
all companies that utilize technology, we face significant cybersecurity threats that include, among other things, attempts to gain unauthorized
access to sensitive student and employee information; attempts to compromise the integrity, confidentiality and/or availability of our
systems, hardware and networks, and the information on them; insider threats; malware; ransomware; threats to the safety of our directors,
officers and employees; and threats to our facilities, infrastructure and service. As cybersecurity threats may arise, the cybersecurity
team focuses on responding to and containing the threat and minimizing any business impact, as appropriate. In the event of a perceived
threat or possible cybersecurity incident, the cybersecurity team is trained to assess, among other factors, student safety impact, data
and personal information impact, the possibility of business operations disruption, projected cost, if any, and potential for reputational
harm, with support from external technical, legal and law enforcement support, as appropriate. 

Management of the
Company is responsible for overseeing our enterprise risk management. In that regard, management receives
periodic updates, as appropriate (and no less frequently than annually), regarding the Company s cybersecurity risk management
processes and the risk trends related to cybersecurity. Our Board of Directors, in coordination with the Audit Committee, shall review and discuss with management the Company s
risks related to information security, including cybersecurity. 

While
we have experienced minor cybersecurity threats in the past, such as spear phishing or smishing (SMS phishing), to date no such threats
have materially affected the Company or our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

We
continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and to enhance our internal controls and processes, which are
designed to help protect our systems and infrastructure, and the information contained therein. 

We
maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage in amounts that we believe are adequate to address any incidents such as data destruction,
extortion, theft, hacking, denial of service attacks and other such incidents. 

For
more information concerning the risks that we face from cybersecurity threats, please see Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors . 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive office, which we lease on a month-to-month basis, is located at 701 W Avenue K, Suite 123, Lancaster, CA 93534. We lease property
in California for academic operations, corporate functions, enrollment services and student support services. Below is a table summarizing
our leased properties as of June 30, 2024: 

Number
 of Buildings 
 
 Location 
 
 Total
 Square Footage 
 
 Lease
 Expiration 
 
 1 
 
 Bakersfield,
 CA 
 
 26,515 
 
 2026 
 
 1 
 
 Lancaster,
 CA 
 
 29,096 
 
 2026 
 
 1 
 
 Temecula,
 CA 
 
 15,703 
 
 2026 
 
 2 
 
 Salinas,
 CA 
 
 22,693 
 
 2026
 2027 
 
 1 
 
 Pasadena,
 CA 
 
 8,879 
 
 2025
 2027 

Our
facilities are utilized consistent with management s expectations, and we believe such facilities are suitable and adequate for
current requirements and that additional space can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms to meet any future requirements. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

63 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

On
September 27, 2024, our common stock began trading on the NYSE American LLC under the symbol LGCY. Prior to that time,
there was no public market for our common stock. 

Stockholders 

As
of September 26, 2024, there were approximately 85 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common
stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in
street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may
be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have paid cash dividends on our capital stock in 2023, however, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with and our accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

64 

Overview 

We
are a provider of postsecondary education services through our accredited academic institutions, HDMC, CCC and Integrity. As of June
30, 2024, we enrolled 2,166 students. For additional information regarding our business and our academic institutions, see Business. 

Key
operating data 

In
evaluating our operating performance, our management focuses in large part on our revenue and income before income taxes and period-end
enrollment at our academic institutions. 

Trends
and uncertainties regarding revenue and operations 

Liquidity 

We
currently believe our liquidity position is stable and we expect to be able to fund our business for at least the next 12 months. We
believe that we have sufficient capital to withstand a potential downturn in our business. Regulatory agencies have also provided regulatory
capital relief to institutions as a result of the crisis as discussed below. 

Regulatory
Impact from COVID-19 Pandemic 

On
March 27, 2020, Congress enacted the CARES Act, which included a 2 trillion federal economic relief package providing financial assistance
and other relief to individuals and business impacted by the spread of COVID-19. The spread of COVID-19 has had an unprecedented impact
on higher educational institutions across the country, including our schools, and has led to the closure of campuses and the transition
of academic programs from on-ground to online delivery. The CARES Act includes provisions for financial assistance and other regulatory
relief benefitting students and their postsecondary institutions. 

Among
other things, the CARES Act included a 14 billion Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund HEERF for ED to distribute
directly to institutions of higher education. Institutions were required to use at least half of the HEERF funds for emergency grants
to students for expenses related to disruptions in campus operations (e.g., food, housing, etc.). Institutions were permitted to use
the remainder of the funds for additional emergency grants to students or to cover institutional costs associated with significant changes
to the delivery of instruction due to the COVID-19 emergency, provided that those costs do not include payment to contractors for the
provision of pre-enrollment recruitment activities, endowments, or capital outlays associated with facilities related to athletics, sectarian
instruction, or religious worship. The law required institutions receiving funds to continue to the greatest extent practicable to pay
its employees and contractors during the period of any disruptions or closures related to the COVID-19 emergency. 

ED
subsequently allocated funds to each institution of higher education based on a formula contained in the CARES Act. The formula was heavily
weighted toward institutions with large numbers of Pell Grant recipients. ED collectively allocated approximately 3.1 million to our
schools. As of June 30, 2022, we had used approximately 2.1 million on student grants and approximately 1.0 million of the allocated
funds were reimbursements for qualified expenses. These qualified expenses were reflected on the statement of operations as reductions
to general and administrative expenses. The failure to comply with requirements for the usage and reporting of these funds could result
in requirements to repay some or all of the allocated funds and in other sanctions. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, we applied for certain Employee Retention Credits ERTC under the CARES Act in the
approximate 2.9 million, which was reflected within the statement of operations as a reduction to educational services expense. The
remaining balance of the ERTC receivable as of December 31, 2023 was 47,000. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, pursuant to the Payroll Protection Program PPP established under the CARES Act,
we had obtained a loan in the amount of 1.4 million PPP Loan ). Upon our request, the PPP Loan was subject to forgiveness,
to the extent that the proceeds were used to pay expenses permitted by the PPP, including payroll costs, covered rent, mortgage obligations
and covered utility payments. We submitted a request for full forgiveness to the lender, with the expectation that the PPP Loan would
be forgiven in full. As a result, during the period ended June 30, 2020, we recorded the full amount of the PPP Loan received as other
income. We received forgiveness in full of the PPP Loan during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

65 

The
CARES Act also contained separate educational provisions that relieved both institutions and students from complying with the requirement
to return certain Title IV Program funds following a student s withdrawal as a result of the COVID-19 emergency. Ordinarily, when
a student withdraws, the institution (and, in some cases, the student) may be required to return unearned portions of the Title IV Program
funds awarded for the period. Institutions are required to report to ED the total amount of grant and loan funds the institution has
not returned due to the waiver. For federal loan borrowers, the CARES Act also directed ED to cancel the borrower s obligation
to repay any direct loan associated with the relevant period. The law also expanded the options to avoid student withdrawals due to a
cessation of attendance by placing students on an approved leave of absence and waives certain requirements normally applicable to a
leave of absence. The CARES Act also allowed institutions to exclude from the calculation of a student s satisfactory academic
progress any attempted credits not completed due to the COVID-19 emergency. 

On
December 27, 2020, Congress enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. This annual appropriations bill contained the Coronavirus
Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2021 CRRSAA ). CRRSAA provided an additional 81.9 billion to the
Education Stabilization Fund including 22.7 billion for HEERF, which were originally created by the CARES Act in March 2020. The higher
education provisions of the CRRSAA were intended in part to provide additional financial assistance benefitting students and their postsecondary
institutions in the wake of the spread of COVID-19 across the country and its impact on higher educational institutions. 

Like
the CARES Act, the CRRSAA directed the majority of HEERF funds to a general program providing direct grants to institutions. Institutions
generally were required to designate at least the same amount of the funds for direct grants to students as was required
under the CARES Act. However, for-profit institutions could only use the additional HEERF funds under the CRRSAA for grants to students.
The student grants had to prioritize students with exceptional need and could be used for any component of the student s cost of
attendance or for emergency costs that arose due to coronavirus, such as tuition, food, housing, health care (including mental health
care), or childcare. Public and nonprofit institutions could use the remaining HEERF funds to (1) defray expenses associated with coronavirus
(including lost revenue, reimbursement for expenses already incurred, technology costs associated with a transition to distance education,
faculty and staff trainings, and payroll); (2) carry out student support activities authorized by the HEA that address needs related
to coronavirus; or (3) for additional financial aid grants to students. ED collectively allocated approximately 1.15 million in CRRSAA
funds to our schools. As of June 30, 2023, our schools had expended all of these funds on grants to our students. 

In
March 2021, Congress enacted the 1.9 trillion ARPA. ARPA provided nearly 40 billion in relief funds that go directly to colleges and
universities with 395.8 million going to for-profit institutions. Institutions are required to spend at least half of their allocations
on emergency financial aid grants to students. 

We
did not incur any benefits related to federal funds directly resulting from COVID-19 programs in each of the fiscal years ended June
30, 2024 or 2023. 

Key
Financial Metrics 

Revenue 

Tuition
revenue is primarily derived from postsecondary education services provided to students. Generally, tuition and other fees are paid upfront
and recorded in contract liabilities in advance of the date when education services are provided to the student. A tuition receivable
is recorded for the portion of tuition not paid in advance. In some instances, installment billing is available to students which reduces
the amount of cash consideration received in advance of performing the service. The contractual terms and conditions associated with
installment billing indicate that the student is liable for the total contract price, therefore mitigating the Company s exposure
to losses associated with nonpayment. Tuition revenue is recognized ratably over the instruction period. The Company generally uses the
time elapsed method, an input measure, as it best depicts the simultaneous consumption and delivery of tuition services. Revenue associated
with distinct course materials is recognized at the point of time when control transfers to the student, generally when the materials
are delivered to the student. Revenue associated with lab services is recognized over the period of time when the service is performed. 

66 

Enrollments 

Enrollments
are a function of the number of continuing students at the beginning of each period and new enrollments during the period, offset by
students who either graduated or withdrew during the period. 

Costs
and expenses 

Educational
service. This expense consists primarily of costs related to the administration and delivery of educational programs by our academic
institutions. This expense category includes salaries, benefits, share-based compensation, student books, student supplies and occupancy
costs. 

General
and administrative. This expense includes bad debt expense, share-based compensation, legal and professional fees, insurance, accreditation
fees, and travel of employees engaged in corporate management, finance, human resources, compliance and other corporate functions. This
expense also includes marketing and advertising costs, which are expensed in the fiscal year incurred. 

Depreciation
and amortization . This expense reflects depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, amortization of assets under capital
leases and amortization of intangible assets. 

Interest
expense 

This
expense reflects interest paid under notes issued to our investors, IRS interest, non-cash interest related to unit option grants, interest
related to notes associated with CCC, and other debt related interest. 

Interest
income 

This
income relates to interest received from investments. 

Factors
Affecting Comparability 

We
believe the following factors have had, or can be expected to have, a significant effect on the comparability of recent or future results
of operations: 

Seasonality 

Our
operations are generally subject to seasonal trends. We generally experience a seasonal increase in new enrollments during the first
quarter of our fiscal year, as well as during the third quarter each year, when most other colleges and universities begin their fall
semesters and subsequent to holiday break. While we enroll students throughout the year, our second quarter revenue generally is lower
than other quarters due to the holiday season. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

The
discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our annual consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Critical accounting policies are those policies that, in management s view, are most important
in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. The footnotes to our annual consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include disclosure of significant accounting policies. The methods, estimates,
and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements.
These critical accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates
regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the evaluation of the Company s distinct
performance obligations, the valuation of equity instruments and valuation allowances for credit losses related to accounts
receivable. 

67 

Allowance
for credit losses 

We
record an allowance for doubtful credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability, failure or refusal of our students
to make required payments, which includes the recovery of financial aid funds advanced to a student for amounts in excess of the student s
cost of tuition and related fees. We determine the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts based on an analysis of our historical
bad debt experience, current economic trends, and the aging of the accounts receivable and student status. We apply reserves to our receivables
based upon an estimate of the risk presented by the age of the receivables and student status. We write off account receivable balances
of inactive students at the earlier of the time the balances were deemed uncollectible, or one year after the revenue is generated. Bad
debt expense is recorded as a general and administrative expense in the income statement. The Company performs an analysis annually to
determine which accounts are uncollectable and write them off. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

We
evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets for impairment, other than goodwill, whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered
to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair
value of the assets. Fair value estimates are based on assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows. We
had no long-lived asset impairments as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Income
taxes 

GAAP
requires management to evaluate tax positions taken by us and recognize a tax liability if we have taken an uncertain position that is
more likely than not would be sustained upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Management has analyzed our tax positions and
believes there are no uncertain positions taken or expected to be taken that would require recognition of a liability or disclosure in
the financial statement. 

Corporate
tax applies to corporations and limited liability companies that elect to be treated as corporations. The federal income tax rate for
c-corporations is 21 and the state tax rate is 8.84 , and it applies to net taxable income from business activity in California. 

Corporations
are not subject to the state s franchise tax, but they are subject to the alternative minimum tax AMT of 6.65 ,
which limits the effectiveness of a business writing off expenses against income to lower its corporate tax rate. C-corporations pay
the state corporate tax of 8.84 or AMT of 6.65 , depending on whether they claim net taxable income. 

We
account for income taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences
of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be realized. 

68 

Share
Based Compensation 

The Company utilizes ASC 718, Stock Compensation, related to accounting
for share-based payments and, accordingly, records compensation expense for share-based awards based upon an assessment of the grant date
fair value for stock options and restricted stock awards. The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based compensation awards on the
date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as
an expense over the requisite service periods in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company estimates the
fair value of stock-based compensation awards using the Black-Scholes model. This model requires the Company to estimate the expected
volatility and value of its common stock and the expected term of the stock options, all of which are highly complex and subjective variables.
The expected life was calculated based on the simplified method as described by the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110, Share-Based
Payment. The Company s estimate of expected volatility was based on the volatility of peers. The Company has selected a risk-free
rate based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity equivalent to the expected term of the options.
The Company accounts for forfeitures upon occurrence. 

Goodwill
and Other Indefinite-lived Assets 

We
test goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset may be impaired. There were no goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments for the periods
presented, and based on current qualitative impairment tests, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are not as risk of
failing. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

The
following table sets forth our consolidated statements of income (loss) data as a percentage of revenue for the years ended June 30,
2024 and 2023: 

Year ended June 30, 
 Percentage Change 

2024 
 2023 
 (decrease) 
 
 Revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Costs and expenses: 

Educational services 
 57.2 
 58.6 
 -1.4 
 
 General and administrative 
 28.3 
 30.1 
 -1.8 
 
 General and administrative related party 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 -0.1 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 0.6 
 0.6 
 0.0 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 86.5 
 89.8 
 -3.3 
 
 Operating income 
 13.5 
 10.2 
 3.3 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 -0.2 
 -0.3 
 0.1 
 
 Interest income 
 1.9 
 1.0 
 0.9 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 15.2 
 10.9 
 4.3 
 
 Income tax expense 
 -4.1 
 -3.4 
 -0.7 
 
 Net income 
 11.1 
 7.5 
 3.6 

Revenue .
Our revenue was approximately 46.0 million in fiscal 2024 compared to approximately 35.5 million in fiscal 2023, an increase of approximately
 10.5 million, or approximately 29.7 . The increase was primarily due to increased student enrollment and the increase in pricing of certain programs. 

Educational
services . Our educational service expense was approximately 26.4 million in fiscal 2024 compared to approximately 20.8 million
in fiscal 2023, an increase of approximately 5.6 million, or approximately 26.8 . The increase is primarily a result of increased instructional
and staffing required to support the increase in enrollments as well as a non-cash compensation charge of approximately 1.9 million
related to a stock option grant, of which, approximately 1.8 million pertain to options that vested immediately
upon the granting of the award. 

General
and administrative expense . Our general and administrative expense was approximately 13.0 million in fiscal 2024, compared to approximately
 10.7 million in fiscal 2023, an increase of approximately 2.3 million, or approximately 22.0 . The increase was primarily related increased
marketing and bad debt expense. We anticipate general and administrative expense will continue to increase as our business continues
to move towards decentralization, reflecting (i) that we are now more corporate and campus-based, with additional management overseeing
various campuses, and (ii) additional professional fees as we pursue acquisitions of new institutions. Of the total general and administrative
expense, 4.1 million and 3.5 million related to sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Depreciation
and amortization. Our depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 0.3 million in fiscal 2024 as compared to approximately
 0.2 million in fiscal 2023. 

69 

Interest
expense . Our interest expense was approximately 0.1 million in fiscal 2024 as compared to approximately 0.1 million in fiscal 2023. 

Income
tax expense. Our income tax expense was approximately 1.9 million in fiscal 2024 compared to an approximately 1.2 million expense
in fiscal 2023. The increase is primarily due to the increase in income. 

Net
Income. We had net income of approximately 5.1 million in fiscal 2024 compared to approximately 2.7 million in fiscal 2023, an
increase of approximately 2.4 million, due to reason mentioned above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
cash and cash equivalents were approximately 10.4 million and 9.3 million as of June 30, 2024, and June 30, 2023, respectively. 

We
are not party to a revolving line of credit or other debt facility. 

Based
on our current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that our cash flow from operations, the proceeds from our initial
public offering and other sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, will provide adequate funds for ongoing operations,
planned capital expenditures and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Capital
expenditures were approximately 0.4 million and 0.2 million for fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2023, respectively. 

Title
IV and other government funding 

A
significant portion of our revenue is derived from student tuition payments funded by the Title IV Programs. As such, the timing of disbursements
under the Title IV Programs is based on federal regulations and our ability to successfully and timely arrange financial aid for our
students. Title IV Program funds are generally provided in multiple disbursements before we earn a significant portion of tuition and
fees and incur related expenses over the period of instruction. Students must apply for new Title IV Program loans and grants each academic
year. These factors, together with the timing of our students beginning their programs, affect our operating cash flow. 

Financial
responsibility 

Based
on the most recent fiscal year-end financial statements, we satisfied the composite score requirement of the financial responsibility
test which institutions must satisfy in order to participate in the Title IV Programs. 

Cash
Flow Activities for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was approximately 1.6 million in fiscal year 2024, and net cash provided in operating activities
was approximately 1.8 million in fiscal 2023 primarily due to timing of student payments and financial aid processing 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 0.4 million in fiscal year 2024 and approximately 0.2 million in fiscal year 2023,
a decrease of approximately 0.2 million due primarily to investments relating to our student labs. 

Financing
activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities was approximately 0.2 million in fiscal year 2024 due to repayments f of debt. Net cash used in financing activities was approximately 1.1 million in fiscal year 2023 mostly due to dividends paid. 

70 

Financings 

From
 July 2021 to September 2021, the Company issued 108,333 shares of common stock to investors at a purchase price of 3.00 per share
 for total proceeds of 325,000. 

From
 July 2022 to June 2023, the Company issued dividends of 929,116 

From
 July 2023 to June 2024, the Company issued dividends of 0 

Impact
of Inflation 

We
believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations for the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023. There can
be no assurance that future inflation will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 

Segment
Information 

We
operate in one reportable segment as a single educational delivery operation using a core infrastructure that serves the curriculum and
educational delivery needs of our institution s students regardless of geography. Our chief operating decision maker, our CEO and
President, manages our operations as a whole, and our chief operating decision maker does not evaluate expenses or operating income information
on a component level. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under current
GAAP. ASU 2016-02 requires that a lessee should recognize a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability) and a right-of-use
asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted
ASU 2016-02 on July 1, 2022. The Company has elected to apply the short-term scope exception for leases with terms of 12 months or less
at the inception of the lease and will continue to recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis. As a result of the adoption, on July
1, 2022, the Company recognized a lease liability of approximately 5.7 million, which represented the present value of the remaining
minimum lease payments using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of 3.98 . As of July 1, 2022, the Company recognized a right-to-use
asset of approximately 5.3 million. Lease expense did not change materially as a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-02. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 provides guidance for recognizing credit losses on financial instruments based on
an estimate of current expected credit losses model. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019.
Recently, the FASB issued the final ASU to delay adoption for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2022. We adopted ASU 2016-13 on July 1, 2023 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures. 

71 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity.
This ASU amends the guidance on convertible instruments and the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity,
and also improves and amends the related earnings per share guidance for both Subtopics. The ASU will be effective for smaller reporting
companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within those annual periods and early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take
advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those
standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 

We
have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition periods available to emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies provided under the JOBS Act.
As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS
Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain
of these exemptions, including, without limitation, (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls
over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report
providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more, as such amount is indexed for inflation every five years by the Securities and Exchange Commission
to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers during its most recently completed fiscal year; (ii) the last
day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public offering; (iii) the date on
which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

The
Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

72 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

LEGACY
EDUCATION INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LEGACY
EDUCATION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

73 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 (dba
High Desert Medical College) 

 (dba
Central Coast College) 

 (dba
Integrity College of Health) 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Income Statements 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-18 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Members of the Board of Directors of 

 Legacy
Education Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Legacy Education Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2024 and
2023, and the related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity, and consolidated
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two years ended June
30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

October 1, 2024 

PCAOB
 ID No. 

F- 2 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of and allowance for doubtful accounts as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 

Related party receivable 
 - 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Financing lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts receivable, long-term 

Deferred income tax assets 

Security deposits 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued income tax payable 

Deferred, unearned tuition 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of debt 

Debt owed, related party 

Current portion of financing lease 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Debt, net of current portion 

Financing lease, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Other liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock: par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock: par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Consolidated Income Statements 

 for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Tuition and related income, net 

Operating expenses 

Educational services 

General and administrative 

General and administrative related party 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income 

Other income(expense) 

Interest expenses 

Interest income 

Total other income 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expenses 

Net income 

Net income per share 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit) 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid in 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Stock options exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cumulative-effect adjustment (ASC 842) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends paid 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 

Balance, Value 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2024 
 - 
 - 

Balance, Value 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Non cash compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation amortization 

Deferred income tax 

Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable and contracts receivable 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 

Related party receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Deferred unearned tuition 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities: 

Dividend paid in cash 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of options 
 - 

Principal payment on finance lease 
 
 - 
 
 Principal payments on debt 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the periods for interest 

Cash paid during the periods for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities 

Non-cash purchase of financed lease assets 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash dividend 
 - 

Non-cash purchase of equipment 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

The members immediately
prior to the Reorganization Merger became the owners of Legacy Education Inc. immediately following the Reorganization Merger. 

HDMC
offers instruction in twenty nine programs including ultrasound technician, ultrasound technician associate of applied science degree,
medical billing and coding, vocational nursing, clinical medical assisting, pharmacy technician, dental assisting, medical
administrative vocational nursing associate of applied science degree and registered nursing 

CCC,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of HDMC, offers instruction in healthcare career training programs, and veterinary
career training. 

Integrity,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of HDMC, is an accredited college offering instruction in medical assisting, vocational nursing, medical insurance
coding and billing, diagnostic medical sonography (ultrasound technician) and Bachelors of Science in nursing (RN to BSN). 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements, and all per share information
contained herein, have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split described in Note 16. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

due to the deficient composite score for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2020, the Company received notice from ED permitting the Company to decrease the letter of credit to . Integrity
maintained passing scores on its composite score since 2019. The letter of credit is secured by cash on deposit with the issuing bank
and was extended through August 2023, when the ED released the Company from the letter of credit requirement. 

Under
 Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-18, Statements of Cash Flows Restricted Cash, a statement of cash
flows explaining the change during the period in the total cash, cash equivalents, and amount generally described as restricted cash
or restricted cash equivalents is required. The accompanying balance sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 have been presented in accordance
with the guidance provided by ASU 2016-18 . 

, respectively. Leasehold improvements
are depreciated over the shorter of their lease term or their useful life. 

As a result of the adoption, on July 1, 2022, the Company recognized
a lease liability of approximately million, which represented the present value of the remaining minimum lease payments using an
estimated incremental borrowing rate of . As of July 1, 2022, the Company recognized a right-to-use asset of approximately 
million. Lease expense did not change materially as a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-02. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Principals (Continued) 

The
Company reviews intangible assets (with a definite life), excluding goodwill, accreditation and tradenames, for impairment when events
or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure the recoverability of these assets by comparing
the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets
are not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value.
There were impairments for the periods presented. 

The
Company tests goodwill, accreditation and trade names for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the asset may be impaired. There were goodwill, accreditation or trade names impairments for the periods presented. 

The
Company amortizes intangible assets with definite lives on a straight-line basis. 

long-lived asset impairments as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Principals (Continued) 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

Books, registration and other fees (recognized at a point in time) 

Total revenue 

or
less of the period of attendance based on a pro rata calculation. Once the student has completed more than of a period of attendance,
all Title IV funds are considered earned and no refunds are due to ED. 

and
 for the
years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Principals (Continued) 

The
Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in various financial institutions. Accounts at these institutions are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to . The Company performs ongoing evaluations of these institutions to limit concentration
risk exposure. The Company maintains cash balances in excess of these limits from time to time. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, 
and million, respectively, was maintained in a redeemable money market account bearing interest at approximately 
per annum. 

and , respectively. 

or (b) in which the Company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer
under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (iii) the date on which the . 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic 

Dilutive impact of share-based instruments 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted 

Net income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Principals (Continued) 

Trade name 

Accreditation 

Course curriculum 

Total cost of intangibles 

Less accumulated amortization 

Intangibles net 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, impairment of the Company s goodwill, nor other intangibles with an indefinite life was required
related to its previous acquisitions of CCC and Integrity. The Company recognized and in amortization expense for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. of goodwill is expected to be deductible
for federal income tax purposes and will be amortized over years on a straight-line basis. 

Machinery and equipment 

Computer equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and other equipment 

Furniture, Fixtures and Other Equipment [Member] 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense associated with property and equipment totaled and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

and as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. 

Supplies and other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Employee retention credit 

Total other receivables 

The
Company paid federal income taxes on behalf of a foreign investor in Legacy, and the amount due back to the Company was 
as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, the Company applied for certain Employee Retention Credits ERTC under the CARES
Act in the approximate amount of million. The remaining balance of the ERTC receivable as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 was
 and , respectively. 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued bonuses 

Accrued other expenses 

Total 

in proceeds from several debtors, including from related parties. Under the unsecured promissory notes,
the principal shall be due and payable on the earlier to occur (i) the 9-month anniversary of the first advance under each promissory
note; or (ii) the completion of an initial public offering by payee Maturity Date ), and the promissory note shall bear
interest at a monthly rate of based upon the amount outstanding as of any calculation date. Interest shall be payable monthly commencing
on the 15th day of each calendar month following the date funds are first advanced. The maturity dates on these promissory notes were
extended to . The noteholders agreed to defer the repayment of the principal balance until the completion of a future Initial
Public Offering. 

Promissory note issued on related party 

Promissory note issued on 
 - 

Total other debt 

A
promissory note issued on to a related party was repaid during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The note was repaid
via a cash payment for principal amounting to , and was satisfied as an exercise of common stock options at 
per share. 

In
September 2023, the promissory note issued on for was repaid in full. 

(2) Equipment
 Loan 

In
June 2019, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and , respectively. 

In
August 2019, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and , respectively. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note 9 - Debts and Other
Liabilities (Continued) 

In
January 2023, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and ,
respectively. 

In
August 2023, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and , respectively. 

In
November 2023, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and , respectively. 

In
December 2023, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of the promissory note was and , respectively. 

In
February 2024, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . The first payment will be on April 1, 2024. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of
the promissory note was and , respectively. 

In
June 2024, the Company entered into an equipment loan for . The note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and requires
 . The first payment will be on June 1, 2024. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the principal balance of
the promissory note was and , respectively. 

(3) Bank
 Loan 

On
December 31, 2019, the Company acquired Integrity, assuming its two bank loans, which are secured by all business assets of the Company. 

 , , effective interest rate 

Bank loan #2, monthly payment start on November 23, 2020, 

Total bank loans 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Long-term debt 

Less: current portion (1) 

Long-term portion of debt 

(1) 
related party debt 

and as consulting fees in the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

A
director of the Company was paid and in consulting fees in the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

A director of the Company was paid in consulting fees in the years
ended June 30, 2024. 

In
December 2019, the Company received of proceeds from a promissory note, entered into with an executive of the Company, which
bears interest at the rate of per annum and matures on the earlier of the nine-month anniversary of the loan or the completion of
an initial public offering. The balance of this note was as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the Company had a balance due from a shareholder, who is also the President of the Company, totaling
 0 and . This amount was included in the related party receivable on the balance sheet. 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

.
The related finance liability has an implied interest rate of 
per annum and requires on September 1, 2023.
As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the balance of the finance liability was 
 and ,
respectively. 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Present value of minimum payments 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion 

Operating
Leases 

The
Company leases its instructional facilities under non-cancelable operating leases expiring at various dates through 2026. In most cases,
the facility leases require the Company to pay various operating expenses of the facilities in addition to base monthly lease payments.
In certain cases, the Company has options available under its leases to renew, and certain leases contain ordinary rental escalations
on the space. Rent expense for the certain leases described above is recorded evenly over each lease term. The difference between rent
expense recorded and the amount paid is reflected as deferred rent on the accompanying balance sheets for those leases with rent escalation
clauses. 

Because
the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present
value of the lease payments. The Company has elected the practical expedient to use the risk-free rate as its incremental borrowing rate. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total future minimum operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

Current portion of operating lease 

Long term portion of operating lease 

Total
rent expense and related taxes and operating expenses under operating leases for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were 
and , respectively. 

Operating lease liability - current 

Operating lease liability non-current 

Total operating lease liability 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

shares of authorized capital, par value , of which 
shares are designated as common stock, and shares are designated as preferred stock, which have liquidation preference over
the common stock and are non-voting. 

Equity
Transactions 

shares of common stock were issued during the year ended June 30, 2024. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock at per share under notice of exercise options. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 the Company had shares of common stock outstanding, and shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding. 

- 
on the date of grant by the Board. 
and the fair value of these options were calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton model. 

On
April 1, 2024, the Company granted stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an exercise price
of per share to employees, directors, consultants and non-employee service providers pursuant to its 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited, canceled, or expired 

- 
 
 Outstanding as of June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited, canceled, or expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding as of June 30, 2024 

Exercisable as of June 30, 2024 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
13 - Share-Based Compensation Plans (Continued) 

10.00 
 
 Options vested 

10.00 
 
 Options expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance June 30, 2024, unvested 

The
Company valued these options using the Black Scholes model utilizing volatility , and a risk-free rate of . The fair value of
the options was per option. 

The
Company recorded share-based compensation expense of 
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, which is included in educational services. Unamortized compensation expense associated with unvested options is 
as of June 30, 2024. The weighted average period over which these costs are expected to be recognized is approximately 
years. 

to a flat rate. The rate reduction took effect on January 1, 2018. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted
though income tax expense. 

State 

Current income tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Deferred income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

Non-deductible items 

Change in deferred items 

Provision to return 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Legacy
Education Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Note
14 - Income Tax (Continued) 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accrued bonuses and vacation 

Non-cash compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax assets gross 

Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability: 

Property and equipment and intangible assets 

Deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax asset 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the United States and the state of California. As of June 30, 2024, the earliest tax year still subject
to examination for federal and state purposes is the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. 

square feet at a facility located in Salinas, CA expiring July 31, 2032 with a base rent of monthly, and such additional rent
as may be applicable including a proportional share of utilities and operating costs. Concurrent with the execution of the lease the Company
remitted an additional deposit of . 

Reverse Stock Split 

On September 9, 2024, our stockholders
approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to effect a 1-for-2 reverse split of our common stock. The amendment to our certificate
of incorporation was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 9, 2024. The consolidated financial statements, and all share
and per share information contained herein, have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

On
September 27, 2024, the Company completed its initial public offering of shares, priced at per share. 

F- 18 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures 
as of June 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to a company s management, including its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on the evaluation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as
of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

In
addition, because we are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm
will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for so long as we are an emerging
growth company. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended June 30,
2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers , or a Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as such terms are defined under Rule 408 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

74 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and positions of our executive officers and directors as of September 26, 2024. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 Presently Held 
 
 LeeAnn
 Rohmann 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and Founder 
 
 Brandon
 Pope 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Ragheb
 Milad 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Academic Officer 
 
 Gerald
 Amato 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 Blaine
 Faulkner 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Peggy
 Tiderman 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

LeeAnn
Rohmann, Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

LeeAnn
Rohmann has served as Founder, Chief Executive Officer since July 2010 and Chairman of the board of directors since October 2009. From
2004 until 2008, she served as Chief Sales Officer, CIT Group, Inc, a national bank, and from 2001 until 2004, she served as Vice President,
Sales of EdAmerica, a financial company that provides student loan servicing. From 1997 until 2001, Ms. Rohmann served as Senior Vice
President, Sales of American Express. She is currently the President of the California Association of Private Post Secondary Schools
(CAPPS) and has been a member since 2010. Additionally she is a member of the Federal Legislative Committee for the Career Education
Colleges and Universities (CECU) and has been a member since 2014. We believe Ms. Rohmann is qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors because she has more than 35 years of higher education industry experience. 

Brandon
Pope, Chief Financial Officer 

Brandon
Pope served as Chief Financial Officer of Legacy Education, L.L.C. from June 2018 until the Reorganization and our Chief Financial Officer
since the Reorganization. From October 2017 until June 2018, he served as Controller of Squar Milner, an accounting and advisory firm,
and from December 2014 until April 2017, he served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller of International Education Corporation,
a provider of career education. From January 2014 until October 2017, Mr. Pope also served as Principal of Pope Consulting Group, LLP,
and from 2008 until 2014 he served in various capacities including Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Vice President, Corporate
Controller at Bridgepoint Education, Inc., a higher education company. Mr. Pope also previously served as Assistant Vice President, Assistant
Controller of Corinthian Colleges, Inc.; Assistant Controller of Stater Bros. Markets; and Senior Manager of Financial Reporting and
Control, Manager of Financial Reporting and Senior Accountant at Ingram Micro, Inc. Mr. Pope is a certified public account in the state
of California, and received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and MBA from the University of Phoenix. 

Ragheb
Milad, Chief Academic Officer 

Dr.
Ragheb Milad has served as our Chief Academic Officer since June 2021. From January 2019 to January 2021, Dr. Milad served as the Corporate
Director of Education for Legacy Education and Campus President of HDMC s Lancaster, California campus, and from January 2014 to
January 2018 he served as the Director of Academics for HDMC. Dr. Milad also served as an instructor from in both the Vocational Nursing
and Ultrasound Technician Programs for HDMC from 2011 to 2014. During his roles as Director of Academics and Corporate Director of Legacy
Education, Dr. Milad developed many of Legacy Education s existing programs. In addition, from 2008 to July 2021, Dr. Milad served
as the Sales Director of 3D Diagnostix, a dental computer guided surgery company. In July 2021, he co-founded ITX PROS, a digital dentistry
company that supports dentist with dental implant cases, and since its inception he has served as a member of the board of directors
of ITX PROS. Dr. Milad also serves as a member on the Board of St. Athanasius and St. Cyril Theological School, a Coptic Orthodox theological
school since 2015. Furthermore, from 2008 to 2011 Dr. Milad was a practicing physician in Cairo Egypt. He graduated from Ain Shams University
in Cairo, Egypt from the Faculty of Medicine where he received his Medical Degree. 

75 

Gerald
Amato, Director 

Gerald
Amato has served as our director since the Reorganization. Since March 2014, Mr. Amato has served as the President of Amato and Partners,
LLC, a full-service investor relations advisory firm. Mr. Amato received a Bachelor of Science in Finance from St. Francis College. We
believe Mr. Amato is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his investor relations experience. 

Blaine
Faulkner, Director 

Blaine
Faulkner has served as our director since December 2023. Since December 2022, Mr. Faulkner has served as the CFO of Lightfully Behavioral
Health, a mental healthcare treatment provider with multiple locations throughout California. From July 2018 to July 2022, Mr. Faulkner
served as the CFO of Alsana, an eating disorder treatment provider. In addition, from 2012 to 2017, Mr. Faulkner served as the CEO and
President of First Health Group Corp. Mr. Faulkner also serves as an Advisory Board Member for the Lamden School of Accountancy at San
Diego State University, where he graduated with a Bachelor s degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in accounting.
Mr. Faulkner also received an MBA from the University of San Diego. Mr. Faulkner is a CPA (inactive) and spent seven years with Ernst
 Young. We believe Mr. Faulkner is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his over 30 years of executive
experience, broad understanding of business management and significant accounting experience. 

Peggy
Tiderman, Director 

Peggy
Tiderman has served as our director since December 2023. Since 2017, Ms. Tiderman has served as the Co-Founder and Executive Leadership
Coach of Streamlined Coaching, a leadership development and coaching firm with a focus on operational effectiveness and efficiencies.
From December 2011 to August 2020, Ms. Tiderman served as a Commissioner of the Accrediting Council for Continuing Education and Training
(ACCET), an institutional accreditation provider for non-collegiate continuing education and training organizations. Ms. Tiderman received
an associates of applied science in business from the Community College of Beaver Country. We believe Ms. Tiderman is qualified to serve
as a member of our board of directors because she has over 27 years of experience in the private post-secondary educational sector. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

Except
as set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers
or directors and any other person pursuant to which such officer or director was selected to serve as an officer or director of the Company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters
in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set
forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Committees
of Our Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors directs the management of our business and affairs, as provided by Nevada law, and conducts its business through meetings
of the board of directors and its standing committees. We have a standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and
corporate governance committee. In addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the board
of directors when necessary to address specific issues. 

76 

Audit
Committee . 

The
audit committee is appointed by the Board to assist the Board in its duty to oversee the Company s accounting, financial reporting
and internal control functions and the audit of the Company s financial statements. The role of the audit committee is to oversee
management in the performance of its responsibility for the integrity of the Company s accounting and financial reporting and its
systems of internal controls, the performance and qualifications of the Company s independent auditor, including the auditor s
independence, the performance of the Company s internal audit function; and the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements. 

Our
audit committee consists of Blaine Faulkner, who serves as chair. We intend to rely on the phase-in provisions of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange
Act and the NYSE American transition rules applicable to companies completing an initial listing, and we plan to have an audit committee
comprised of a majority of independent members within 90 days after our listing date and an audit committee comprised of entirely of
at least three directors that are independent for purposes of serving on an audit committee within one year after our listing date. Our
board of directors has affirmatively determined that each of meet the definition of independent director under NYSE American
rules, and that they meet the independence standards under Rule 10A-3. Each member of our audit committee meets the financial literacy
requirements of the NYSE American rules. In addition, our board of directors has determined that Blaine Faulkner qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors has adopted a
written charter for the audit committee, which is available on our website at www.legacyed.com . 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee . 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors and recommending director candidates for election or re-election
 to our board of directors; 

maintaining
 oversight of our board of directors and our governance functions and effectiveness; 

considering
 and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding board size and composition, committee composition and structure and
 procedures affecting directors, and each director s independence; 

establishing
 standards for service on our board of directors; and 

advising
 the board of directors on candidates for our executive offices, and conducting appropriate investigation of such candidates. 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Blaine Faulkner and Gerald Amato, with Blaine Faulkner serving as chair. We
intend to rely on the NYSE American transition rules applicable to companies completing an initial listing, and we plan to have a nominating
and corporate governance committee comprised of a majority of independent members within 90 days after our listing date and a nominating
and corporate governance committee comprised entirely of independent directors within one year after our listing date. Our board of directors
adopted a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is available on our website at www.legacyed.com . 

Compensation
Committee . 

The
compensation committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending, among other things: 

the
 adequacy and form of compensation of the board; 

the
 compensation of Chief Executive Officer, including base salary, incentive bonus, stock option and other grant, award and benefits
 upon hiring and on an annual basis; 

the
 compensation of other senior management upon hiring and on an annual basis; and 

our
 incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes to such plans to our board of directors, when necessary. 

77 

Our
compensation committee consists of Blaine Faulkner and Gerald Amato, with Blaine Faulkner serving as chair. We intend to rely on the
NYSE American transition rules applicable to companies completing an initial listing, and we plan to have a compensation committee comprised
of a majority of independent members within 90 days after our listing date and a compensation committee comprised entirely of
independent directors within one year after our listing date. Our board of directors adopted a written charter for the compensation committee,
which is available on our website at www.legacyed.com . 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee is committed to promoting diversity on our board of directors. We have surveyed our current
directors and asked each director to self-identify their race, ethnicity, and gender using one or more of the below categories. The results
of this survey are included in the matrix below. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix (As of September 26, 2024) 
 
 Total
 Number of Directors 

4 

Part I: Gender Identity 
 Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Directors 
 2 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Asian 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 White 
 2 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
A copy of the code is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is posted on our website, www.legacyed.com . We
intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or NYSE American rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers
from, any provision of the code. 

Changes
in Nominating Procedures 

None. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each of our named executive officers for the years ended June
30, 2024 and 2023: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Option Award 
 Bonus ) 
 Total ) 
 
 LeeAnn Rohmann 
 2024 
 295,769 
 317,989 
 369,683 
 983,441 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 275,000 
 
 275,000 
 550,000 

Brandon Pope 
 2024 
 228,116 
 288,007 
 168,750 
 684,873 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2023 
 211,000 
 
 150,000 
 361,000 

Ragheb Milad 
 2024 
 212,908 
 282,230 
 157,500 
 652,638 
 
 Chief Academic Officer 
 2023 
 204,615 
 
 120,000 
 324,615 

78 

Employment
Agreements 

LeeAnn
Rohmann Employment Agreement 

On
July 1, 2023, we entered into an employment agreement with LeeAnn Rohmann (the Rohmann Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Rohmann
Employment Agreement, Ms. Rohmann shall receive a base salary of 275,000 per annum. In addition, Ms. Rohmann shall be entitled to participate
in employee benefit plans such as medical, vision, basic life and dental insurance. The Rohmann Employment Agreement may be terminated
by the Company without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to Ms. Rohmann or immediately for cause. In addition, Ms. Rohmann may
terminate her employment at any time without cause upon 30 days prior written notice to the Company. Furthermore, the Rohmann Employment
Agreement will terminate upon Ms. Rohmann s death. Upon termination of the Rohmann Employment Agreement, Ms. Rohmann shall receive
all sums due to her under the Employment Agreement as compensation or expense reimbursements. 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee member of our board of directors and received
compensation for such service during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully
below, we did not pay any compensation, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee
members of our board of directors in 2024. 

Name 
 Fees
earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Gerald Amato 
 18,000 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 118,000 
 
 Peggy Tiderman 
 4,500 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 104,500 
 
 Blaine Faulkner 
 4,500 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 104,500 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at June 30, 2024 

The
following table sets forth information concerning outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of June 30, 2024. 

Option Awards 

Number of Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 LeeAnn Rohmann 
 173,008 
 173,008 
 3.74 
 4/1/2034 
 
 Brandon Pope 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 1.80 
 6/18/2028 
 
 Brandon Pope 
 156,696 
 156,696 
 3.74 
 4/1/2034 
 
 Ragheb Milad 
 153,553 
 153,553 
 3.74 
 4/1/2034 

79 

Amended
and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
September 19, 2024, we adopted the Legacy Education Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan which has been approved by our stockholders. 

The
2021 Plan provides for grants of incentive stock options ISO ), nonstatutory stock options NQSO ), stock
appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, stock units, and other equity-based awards. Directors, officers and other
employees of ours and our subsidiaries, as well as others performing consulting or advisory services for us, are eligible for grants
under the 2021 Plan. 

The
purpose of the 2021 Plan is to provide incentives that will attract, retain and motivate high performing officers, directors, employees
and consultants by providing them with appropriate incentives and rewards through their acquisition of a proprietary interest in our
long-term success. Set forth below is a summary of the material terms of the 2021 Plan. 

Background
and Purpose of the 2021 Plan. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to promote our long-term success and the creation of stockholder
value by: 

Offering
 selected service providers an opportunity to acquire an interest in the success of the Company; 

Encouraging
 selected service providers to continue to provide services to the Company and attract new service providers with outstanding qualifications;
 and 

Further
 aligning participants interests with the interests of our stockholders through the award of equity compensation grants which
 increases their interest in the Company. 

The
2021 Plan permits the grant of the following types of equity-based incentive awards: (i) stock options (which can be either ISOs or NQSOs),
(ii) SARs, (iii) restricted stock, (iv) stock units, and (v) other equity awards. The vesting of equity awards can be based on either
continuous service and/or performance goals. Awards are evidenced by a written agreement between the participant and the Company. 

Eligibility
to Receive Awards. Our employees, consultants and board members and certain of our affiliated companies are eligible to receive
awards under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan Committee determines, in its discretion, the selected participants who will be granted awards
under the 2021 Plan. Provided that the board affirmatively acts to implement such a process, the 2021 Plan also provides that non-employee
directors may elect to receive stock grants or stock units (which would be issued under the 2021 Plan) in lieu of fees that would otherwise
be paid in cash. 

Shares
Subject to the 2021 Plan. The maximum number of common shares that can be issued under the 2021 Plan is 2,000,000 shares. The
number of common shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan will be automatically increased on the thirtieth (30th) day of June of
each calendar year beginning with the first June 30 following the effective date and ending with the last June 30 during the initial
ten-year term of the 2021 Plan, equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the outstanding common shares of the Company on a fully diluted basis
(including all outstanding common shares of the Company (on an as-converted basis)) and assuming all outstanding options and warrants
have been fully exercised on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) some lesser number of common shares of
the Company as determined by our board. A share that is issued pursuant to 2021 Plan award shall count as the issuance of one share and
thereby reduce the remaining number of shares available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan. The shares underlying forfeited, cancelled,
exchanged, surrendered, or or terminated awards (without payment of consideration), or unexercised awards shall not become available
again for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, common shares of the Company surrendered or withheld as payment
of either the exercise price of an award (including common shares of the Company underlying a SAR that are retained by the Company to
account for the exercise price of such SAR) and/or withholding taxes in respect of an award shall not be counted against the share limit
(and ISO limit if the award is an ISO). Common shares of the Company subject to employment inducement awards shall not
count toward the share limit. Substitute awards shall also not count against the share limit, nor shall common shares of the Company
subject to a substitute award again be available for awards under the 2021 Plan. In addition, to the extent an award is denominated in
common shares of the Company, but paid or settled in cash, the gross number of settled common shares of the Company with respect to which
such payment or settlement is made shall again be available for grants of awards pursuant to the 2021 Plan and shall not be counted against
the share limit (and ISO limit if the award is an ISO). In addition, whether or not a SAR is settled with any common shares of the Company,
the gross number of common shares of the Company subject to the exercise and which are used for determining the benefit payable under
the SAR shall be counted against the share limit, regardless of the number of common shares of the Company actually issued to the participants
upon such exercise. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent an option is exercised via a cashless exercise or net exercise or is not
otherwise fully settled with common shares of the Company, then the number of common shares of the Company actually issued to the participant
upon such exercise shall be counted against the share limit (and shall also be counted against the ISO limit if the option being exercised
is an ISO). No fractional shares may be issued under the 2021 Plan. 

80 

Administration
of the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will be administered by our board or a committee or committees appointed by our board, acting
as the 2021 Plan Committee. Our board or the 2021 Plan Committee may also appoint one or more separate committees of the board, each
that is composed of one or more directors of the Company who need not qualify as a Non-Employee Directors under Rule 16b-3
of the Exchange Act, that may administer the 2021 Plan with respect to selected service providers who are not Section 16 Persons, may
grant awards under the 2021 Plan to such selected service providers and may determine all terms of such awards. In addition, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, our board may also appoint a committee, composed of one or more officers of the Company, that may authorize
awards to employees (who are not Section 16 Persons) within parameters specified by the Board and consistent with any limitations imposed
by applicable law. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Plan, the 2021 Plan Committee has the sole discretion, among other things, to: 

Select
 the individuals who will receive awards; 

Determine
 the terms and conditions of awards (for example, performance conditions, if any, and vesting schedule, if any); 

Correct
 any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in the 2021 Plan or any award agreement; 

Accelerate
 the vesting, extend the post-termination exercise term or waive restrictions of any awards at any time and under such terms and conditions
 as it deems appropriate, subject to the limitations set forth in the 2021 Plan; 

Permit
 or deny, in its discretion, a participant s request transfer an award; 

Permit
 or require, in its discretion, a participant to use cashless exercise, net exercise and/or share withholding with respect to the
 payment of any exercise price and/or applicable tax withholding; 

Interpret
 the provisions of the 2021 Plan and any award agreements; 

Make
 all other decisions relating to the operation of the 2021 Plan; 

Make
 such modifications to the 2021 Plan as are necessary to effectuate the intent of the 2021 Plan as a result of any changes in the
 income tax, accounting, or securities law treatment of participants and the 2021 Plan; 

Make
 such modifications to the Plan as are necessary to effectuate the intent of the Plan as a result of any changes in the income tax,
 accounting, or securities law treatment of participants and the Plan; and 

Grant
 awards to selected service providers who are foreign nationals on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the
 2021 Plan. 

Awards
may be subject to any policy that the Board may implement on the recoupment of compensation (referred to as a clawback 
policy). The members of the Board, the 2021 Plan Committee and their delegates shall be indemnified by the Company to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law for actions taken or not taken regarding the 2021 Plan. In addition, the 2021 Plan Committee may use the
2021 Plan to issue shares under other plans or sub-plans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate, such as to provide for participation
by non-U.S. employees and those of any of our subsidiaries and affiliates. 

Types
of Awards. 

Stock
Options . A stock option is the right to acquire common shares at a fixed exercise price over a fixed period of time. The 2021 Plan
Committee will determine, among other terms and conditions, the number of shares covered by each stock option and the exercise price
of the shares subject to each stock option, but such per share exercise price will not be less than the fair market value of a common
share on the date of grant of the stock option. The fair market value of a common share for the purposes of pricing our awards shall
be equal to the regular session closing price for our shares as reported by the NYSE American on the date of determination. Stock options
may not be repriced or exchanged without stockholder approval, and no re-load options may be granted under the 2021 Plan. 

81 

Stock
options granted under the 2021 Plan may be either ISOs or NQSOs. To the extent the applicable award agreement has no such designation,
the option shall be a NQSO. At the discretion of the 2021 Plan Committee, ISOs may be granted only to an employee of the Company, its
 parent corporation (as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a subsidiary of the Company. As required
by the Code and applicable regulations, ISOs are subject to various limitations not imposed on NQSOs. For example, the exercise price
for any ISO granted to any employee owning more than 10 of our common shares may not be less than 110 of the fair market value of a
common share on the date of grant, and such ISO must expire no later than five years after the grant date. The aggregate fair market
value (determined at the date of grant) of common shares subject to all ISOs held by a participant that are first exercisable in any
single calendar year cannot exceed 100,000. ISOs may not be transferred other than upon death, or to a revocable trust where the participant
is considered the sole beneficiary of the stock option while it is held in trust. In order to comply with Treasury Regulation Section
1.422-2(b), the 2021 Plan provides that no more than 2,000,000 shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. The number of common
shares that shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs under the Plan will be automatically increased on the thirtieth (30 th day of June of the calendar year beginning with the first June 30 following the effective date and ending with the last June 30 during
the initial ten-year term of the 2021 Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the common shares on a fully diluted basis
(including all outstanding common shares (on an as-converted basis)) and assuming all outstanding options and warrants have been fully
exercised on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year; (B) such lesser number of common shares as determined by our board;
and (C) 10,000,000. 

A
stock option granted under the 2021 Plan generally cannot be exercised until it becomes vested. The 2021 Plan Committee establishes the
vesting schedule of each stock option at the time of grant. The maximum term for stock options granted under the 2021 Plan may not exceed
ten years from the date of grant although the 2021 Plan Committee may establish a shorter period at its discretion. The exercise price
of each stock option granted under the 2021 Plan must be paid in full at the time of exercise, either with cash, or through a broker-assisted
 cashless exercise and sale program, or net exercise, or through another method approved by the 2021 Plan Committee. The
optionee must also make arrangements to pay any taxes that we are required to withhold at the time of exercise. 

SARs .
A SAR is the right to receive, upon exercise, an amount equal to the the fair market value of the shares on the date of the SAR s
exercise over the aggregate base price of the shares covered by the exercised portion of the SAR. (which shall be no less than 100 of
the fair market value of the related share on the date of grant except with respect to outstanding SARs being assumed or SARs being granted
in exchange for cancellation of SARs granted by another issuer as provided under the 2021 Plan or with respect to SARs that are otherwise
exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code) multiplied by the number of shares in respect of which the SAR is being exercised.
The 2021 Plan Committee determines the terms of SARs, including the base price (provided that such per share base price generally will
not be less than the fair market value of a common share of on the date of grant), the vesting and the term of the SAR. The maximum term
for SARs granted under the 2021 Plan may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, subject to the discretion of the 2021 Plan Committee
to establish a shorter period. Settlement of a SAR may be in common shares or in cash, or any combination thereof, as the 2021 Plan Committee
may determine. SARs may not be repriced or exchanged without stockholder approval. In the event of a participant s termination
of employment or service, the holder of a SAR may exercise his or her SAR for such period of time as specified in his or her SAR agreement. 

Restricted
Stock . A restricted stock award is the grant of common shares to a participant and such shares may be subject to a substantial risk
of forfeiture until specific conditions or goals are met. The 2021 Plan Committee also will determine any other terms and conditions
of an award of restricted stock. In determining whether an award of restricted stock should be made, and/or the vesting schedule for
any such award, the 2021 Plan Committee may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate. During the period
of vesting, the participant will not be permitted to transfer the restricted shares but will generally have voting and dividend rights
(subject to vesting) with respect to such shares, unless otherwise provided in the award agreement. 

Stock
units. Stock units are the right to receive an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares covered by the stock units at
some future date after the grant. The 2021 Plan Committee will determine all of the terms and conditions of an award of stock units,
including the vesting period. Upon each vesting date of a stock unit, participant will become entitled to receive an amount equal to
the number of shares indicated in the grant notice, or, if expressed in dollar terms, the fair market value of the shares on the settlement
date. Payment for vested stock units may be in common shares or in cash, or any combination thereof, as the 2021 Plan Committee may determine.
Settlement of vested stock units will generally occur at or around the time of vesting but the 2021 Plan Committee may permit a participant
to defer such compensation until a later point in time. Stock units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation for us, and a holder
of a stock unit has no rights other than those of a general creditor. 

Other
Equity-Based Awards . The 2021 Plan also provides that other equity awards, which derive their value from the value of our shares
or from increases in the value of our shares, may be granted. Substitute awards may be issued under the 2021 Plan in assumption of or
substitution for or exchange for awards previously granted by an entity which we (or an affiliate) acquire. 

82 

Limited
Transferability of Awards . Awards granted under the 2021 Plan generally are not transferrable other than by will or by the laws of
descent and distribution. However, the 2021 Plan Committee may in its discretion permit the transfer of awards other than ISOs. Generally,
where transfers are permitted, they will be permitted only by gift to a member of the participant s immediate family or to a trust
or other entity for the benefit of the participant and/or member(s) of his or her immediate family. 

Termination
of Employment, Death or Disability . The 2021 Plan generally determines the effect of the termination of employment on awards, which
determination may be different depending on the nature of the termination, such as terminations due to cause, resignation, death, or
disability and the status of the award as vested or unvested, unless the award agreement or a participant s employment agreement
or other agreement provides otherwise. 

Dividends
and Dividend Equivalents . Any dividends or dividend equivalents distributed in the form of shares under the 2021 Plan will count
against the 2021 Plan s maximum share limit. The 2021 Plan also provides that dividend equivalents will not be paid or accrue on
unexercised stock options or unexercised SARs. Dividends and dividend equivalents that may be paid or accrue with respect to unvested
awards shall be subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying award and shall only be distributed to the extent that such
vesting conditions are satisfied. 

Adjustments
upon Changes in Capitalization. 

In
the event of the following actions: 

stock
 split of our outstanding common shares; 

stock
 dividend; 

dividend
 payable in a form other than shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of the shares; 

consolidation; 

combination
 or reclassification of the shares; 

recapitalization; 

spin-off;
 or 

other
 similar occurrences, 

Then
the following shall each be equitably and proportionately adjusted by the 2021 Plan Committee: 

then
 the following shall each be equitably and proportionately adjusted by the 2021 Plan Committee: 

maximum
 number of shares that can be issued under the 2021 Plan (along with the ISO share issuance limit); 

number
 and class of shares issued under the 2021 Plan and subject to each award; 

exercise
 prices of outstanding awards; and 

number
 and class of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Change
in Control . The 2021 Plan provides that, unless otherwise determined by the 2021 Plan Committee and evidenced in an award agreement,
in the event that (a) a change in control occurs; and (b) a participant is employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company
or any of its affiliates immediately prior to the consummation of such change in control, then upon consummation of the change in control,
the 2021 Plan Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may: (i) provide that any unvested or unexercisable portion of any award
carrying a right to exercise become fully vested and exercisable and (ii) cause the restrictions, deferral limitations, payment conditions
and forfeiture conditions applicable to an award granted under the 2021 Plan to lapse and such awards shall be deemed fully vested and
any performance conditions imposed with respect to such awards shall be deemed to be fully achieved at target performance levels. If
the 2021 Plan Committee determines in its discretion to accelerate the vesting of options or SARs in connection with a change in control,
the 2021 Plan Committee shall also have discretion in connection with such action to provide that all options and/or SARs outstanding
immediately prior to such change in control shall expire on the effective date of such change in control. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event that a participant s employment or service is terminated without cause within twenty-four (24) months following a
change in control, the time-vesting portion of any award granted to such participant shall accelerate and vest in full, and the performance-vesting
portion of any such award shall vest at target level, in each case upon the date of termination of employment or service of such participant. 

83 

Term
of the 2021 Plan . The 2021 Plan is in effect until September 19, 2034 or until earlier terminated by the Board. Outstanding awards
shall continue to be governed by their terms after the termination of the Plan. 

Governing
Law . The 2021 Plan shall be governed by the laws of the state of Nevada except for conflict of law provisions. 

Amendment
and Termination of the 2021 Plan . The Board generally may amend or terminate the 2021 Plan at any time and for any reason, except
that it must obtain stockholder approval of material amendments to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations or rules but no
such amendment or termination shall be made that would impair the rights of a participant under any award without such participant s
consent. The board shall obtain approval of the Company s stockholders for any amendment that would require such approval in order
to satisfy the requirements of any rules of the stock exchange on which the Company s shares are traded or other applicable law.
Except as otherwise specifically provided in the 2021 Plan, the 2021 Plan Committee may amend the terms of any award, prospectively or
retroactively, provided, however, that no such amendment shall materially impair the rights of any participant without his or her consent. 

We
also issued to LeeAnn Rohmann, our Chief Executive Officer, options to purchase 250,000 shares of our common stock upon completion of
our initial public offering with an exercise price equal to the initial public offering price and which shall vest over a period of three
(3) years in equal monthly installments with the first tranche vesting on the one month anniversary of the closing date of our initial
public offering. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock at September 26, 2024,by: 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; 

all
 of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, who beneficially owned more than 5 of our common stock. 

The
number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such
rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power as well
as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of September 26, 2024, through the exercise of any stock option,
warrants or other rights. 

Except
as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock held by that person. The percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the
basis of 11,867,162 shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 26, 2024. 

Unless
otherwise noted, the address of each holder listed below, except as otherwise indicated, is Legacy Education Inc., 701 W Avenue K, Suite
123, Lancaster, CA 93534. 

84 

Name 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owner 
 Percentage 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

LeeAnn Rohmann 
 1,080,021 (1) 
 9.35 
 
 Brandon Pope 
 206,696 (2) 
 1.79 
 
 Ragheb Milad 
 153,553 (3) 
 1.33 
 
 Gerald Amato 
 310,577 (4) 
 2.68 
 
 Blaine Faulkner 
 91,577 (5) 

Peggy Tiderman 
 10,577 (6) 

All Directors and Named Executive Officers as a group (6 persons) 
 1,853,001 
 16.04 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Michael Garnick 
 944,354 (7) 
 8.31 
 
 RMH Consultants, Inc. (8) 
 645,873 
 5.68 
 
 Robert Appel (8)(9) 
 729,207 (10) 
 6.42 
 
 Robert D. deRose Susan deRose Family Trust DTD 11/18/1986 (11) 
 1,077,974 
 9.08 
 
 Robert deRose Susan deRose (11)(12) 
 1,187,448 (13) 
 10.00 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Represents
 (i) 893,123 shares of common stock and (ii) 173,008 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. Excludes options to
 purchase up to 236,110 shares of common stock which are subject to vesting. 

(2) 
 Represents
 206,696 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(3) 
 Represents
 153,553 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(4) 
 Represents
 (i) 76,000 shares of common stock held by Mr. Amato and (ii) 234,577 common stock issuable upon exercise of options. Excludes options
 to purchase up to 43,830 shares of common stock are subject to vesting. 

(5) 
 Represents
 (i) 81,000 shares of common stock held through Faulkner Family Trust DTD 2/11/1999 and (ii) 10,577 shares of common stock issuable
 upon exercise of options. Excludes options to purchase up to 43,830 shares of common stock which are subject to vesting. 

(6) 
 Represents
 10,577 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. Excludes options to purchase 43,830 shares of common stock which
 are subject to vesting. 

(7) 
 Includes
 (i) 944,354 shares of the Company s common stock held by Mr. Garnick . Does not include 75,000 shares of the Company s
 common stock held by Mr. Garnick s spouse, of which Mr. Garnick disclaims beneficial ownership. 

(8) 
 Robert
 Appel is the investment manager of RMH Consultants, Inc. and in such capacity has the right to vote and dispose of the securities
 held by such entity. 

(9) 
 Robert
 Appel is the investment manager of RMA Investments Inc. and in such capacity has the right to vote and dispose of the securities
 held by such entity. 

(10) 
 Represents
 (i) 645,873 shares of common stock held by RMH Consultants, Inc. and (ii) 83,334 shares of common stock held by RMA Investments Inc. 

(11) 
 Robert
 deRose and Susan deRose are the co-trustees of the Robert D. deRose Susan deRose Family Trust DTD 11/18/1986 and in such
 capacity have the right to vote and dispose of the securities held by such trust. The address of the Robert D. deRose Susan
 deRose Family Trust DTD 11/18/1986 is P.O. Box 8167, Ranch Santa Fe, CA 92067. 

(12) 
 Robert
 deRose and Susan deRose are the co-trustees of the Allison M. deRose Trust DTD 5/29/1991 and in such capacity have the right to vote
 and dispose of the securities held by such trust. The address of the Allison
 M. deRose Trust DTD 5/29/1991 is P.O. Box 8167, Ranch Santa Fe, CA 92067. 

(13) 
 Represents
 (i) 1,077,974 shares of common stock held by the Robert D. deRose Susan deRose Family Trust DTD 11/18/1986, (ii) 98,370 shares
 of common stock held by the Allison M. deRose Trust DTD 5/29/1991 and (iii) 11,104 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
 options held by Robert deRose. Excludes options to purchase up to 38,896 shares of common stock which are subject to
 vesting. 

85 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2024. 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 (a) 

Weighted
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holder 

1,825,171 
 (1) 

3.26 

893,656 
 (2) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holder 

-

- 

- 

Total 

1,825,171 
 (1) 

3.26 

893,656 
 (2) 

(1)
This number includes the following: 1,825,171 shares subject to outstanding options granted under the 2021 Plan, 

(2)
This number represents shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
following includes a summary of transactions during our fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 to which we have been a party,
including transactions in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge,
beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements,
which are described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not otherwise a party to a related party transaction, and no
transaction is currently proposed, in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

Gerald
Amato, a director of the Company was paid 78,000 and 83,000 in consulting fees for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
For the period July 1, 2024 through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mr. Amato was paid 13,000. 

Peggy
Tiderman, a director of the Company was paid 132,988 in consulting fees for the year ended June 30, 2024. For the period July 1, 2024
though the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Ms. Tiderman was paid 17,300. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has a balance due from LeeAnn Rohmann, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Director,
totaling 0 and 69,975. The amount was include in related part receivable on the balance sheet. 

Related
Party Transaction Policy 

We
have adopted a related person transaction policy that sets forth our procedures for the identification, review, consideration and approval
or ratification of related person transactions. For purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement
or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were
or will be participants in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director are
not covered by this policy. A related person is any executive officer, director, director nominee, or beneficial owner of more than 5 
of any class of our voting securities, including any of their immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 

86 

Under
the policy, if a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, including any transaction that was not a related person
transaction when originally consummated or any transaction that was not initially identified as a related person transaction prior to
consummation, our management must present information regarding the related person transaction to our audit committee, or, if audit committee
approval would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our board of directors, for review, consideration and approval or ratification.
The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related
persons, the benefits to us of the transaction and whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to
or from, as the case may be, an unrelated third party or to or from employees generally. Under the policy, we will collect information
that we deem reasonably necessary from each director, executive officer and, to the extent feasible, significant shareholder to enable
us to identify any existing or potential related-person transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy. In addition, under our
code of business conduct and ethics, our employees and directors will have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction
or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. In considering related person transactions,
our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to: 

the
 risks, costs and benefits to us; 

the
 impact on a director s independence in the event that the related person is director, immediate family member of a director
 or an entity with which a director is affiliated; 

the
 availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and the availability of other sources for comparable services
 or products; and 

the
 terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees generally. 

The
policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our audit committee, or other
independent body of our board of directors, must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not
inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of
directors, determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. 

Independence
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors undertook a review of the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a relationship with
us that could compromise that director s ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out that director s responsibilities.
Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Blaine Faulkner and Gerald Amato are each an independent director, 
as defined under NYSE American rules. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 by L J Soldinger
Associates, LLC: 

2024 

2023 

Audit
 fees 

359,330 

282,510 

Audit
 related fees 

- 

- 

Tax
 fees 

40,755 

42,280 

All
 other fees 

- 

- 

Total 

400,085 

324,796 

Audit
Fees: Audit fees consist of fees billed for the professional services rendered to us for the audit of our annual consolidated financial
statements for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, reviews of the quarterly financial statements during the periods, the issuance
of consent and comfort letters in connection with registration statement filings, and all other services that are normally provided by
the accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees: Fees not included in audit fees that are billed by the auditor for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit of the financial statements. 

Tax
Fees: Fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees: All other fees billed by the auditor for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

Approval
Policies and Procedures 

In
accordance with Sarbanes-Oxley, our audit committee charter requires the Audit Committee to pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the review and approval in advance of our independent
registered public accounting firm s annual engagement letter and the proposed fees contained therein. The Audit Committee has the
ability to delegate the authority to pre-approve non-audit services to one or more designated members of the audit committee. If such
authority is delegated, such delegated members of the Audit Committee must report to the full Audit Committee at the next audit committee
meeting all items pre-approved by such delegated members. 

87 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following documents are included as exhibits to this report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title
 of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Merger filed with the California Secretary of State on September 3, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate Evidencing the Shares of Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement among Legacy Education Inc. and certain investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Stockholder Agreement among Legacy Education Inc. and its stockholders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.4 
 
 December 30, 2019 Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and LeeAnn Rohmann effective as of July 1, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease dated January 14, 2016 between Syndcore Holdings LLC and Legacy Education, L.L.C. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Multi-Tenant Office Lease dated January 17, 2018 between TV Phase One, LLC and Legacy Education, L.L.C. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the Shareholders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 field with the SEC on September 20, 2024) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of LJ Soldinger Associates, LLC 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 97.1 
 
 Legacy Education Inc. Clawback Policy 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - the cover page of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024
 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

 +
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 #
Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions
with an asterisk because such information is both not material and is the type that the Company treats as private or confidential. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 1st day of October, 2024. 

LEGACY
 EDUCATION INC. 

/s/
 LeeAnn Rohmann 

LeeAnn
 Rohmann 

Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints LeeAnn Rohmann as his or
her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 LeeAnn Rohmann 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 LeeAnn
 Rohmann 
 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Brandon Pope 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 Brandon
 Pope 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Gerald Amato 
 
 Director 
 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 Gerald
 Amato 

/s/
 Blaine Faulkner 
 
 Director 
 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 Blaine
 Faulkner 

/s/
 Peggy Tiderman 
 
 Director 
 
 October 1, 2024 
 
 Peggy
 Tiderman 

89 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

LEGACY
EDUCATION INC. 

 CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

INTRODUCTION 

Legacy
Education Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct
and ethics. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code reflects the business practices and principles of behavior
that support this commitment. We expect every employee, officer and director to read and understand the Code and its application to the
performance of his or her business responsibilities. References in the Code to employees are intended to cover officers and, as applicable,
directors. 

Officers,
managers and other supervisors are expected to develop in employees a sense of commitment to the spirit, as well as the letter, of the
Code. Supervisors are also expected to use reasonable best efforts to ensure that all agents and contractors conform to Code standards
when working for or on behalf of the Company. The compliance environment within each supervisor s assigned area of responsibility
will be a factor in evaluating the quality of that individual s performance. In addition, any employee who makes an exemplary effort
to implement and uphold our legal and ethical standards may be recognized for that effort in his or her performance review. Nothing in
the Code alters the at-will employment policy of the Company. 

This
Code cannot possibly describe every practice or principle related to honest and ethical conduct. The Code addresses conduct that is particularly
important to proper dealings with the people and entities with whom we interact, but reflects only a part of our commitment. From time
to time we may adopt additional policies and procedures with which our employees, officers and directors are expected to comply, if applicable
to them. However, it is the responsibility of each employee to apply common sense, together with his or her own highest personal ethical
standards, in making business decisions where there is no stated guideline in the Code. 

Action
by members of your family, significant others or other persons who live in your household (referred to in the Code as family members also may potentially result in ethical issues to the extent that they involve the Company s business. For example, acceptance of
inappropriate gifts by a family member from one of our customers could create a conflict of interest and result in a Code violation attributable
to you. Consequently, in complying with the Code, you should consider not only your own conduct, but also that of your family members,
significant others and other persons who live in your household. 

You
should not hesitate to ask questions about whether any conduct may violate the Code, voice concerns or clarify gray areas. Section 13
below details the compliance resources available to you. In addition, you should be alert to possible violations of the Code by others
and report suspected violations, without fear of any form of retaliation, as further described in Section 13. Violations of the Code
will not be tolerated. Any employee who violates the standards in the Code may be subject to disciplinary action, which, depending on
the nature of the violation and the history of the employee, may range from a warning or reprimand up to and including termination of
employment and, in appropriate cases, civil legal action or referral for regulatory or criminal prosecution. 

- 1 - 

1. HONEST
 AND ETHICAL CONDUCT 

It
is the policy of the Company to promote high standards of integrity by conducting our affairs in an honest and ethical manner. The integrity
and reputation of the Company depends on the honesty, fairness and integrity brought to the job by each person associated with us. Unyielding
personal integrity is the foundation of corporate integrity. 

2. ANTI-HARASSMENT
 AND ANTI-DISCRIMINATION 

Our
goal is to have a work environment where we all treat each other respectfully and professionally. In order to ensure that everyone is
treated with dignity and respect, we do not tolerate harassment, discrimination or bullying of any type, including harassment on the
basis of age, race, gender, pregnancy status, disability, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, sexual orientation,
gender identity, military or veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable law. You may not engage in unlawful harassment
or discrimination or retaliate against any individual who makes a good faith complaint regarding harassment or discrimination. 

3. LEGAL
 COMPLIANCE 

Obeying
the law, both in letter and in spirit, is the foundation of this Code. Our success depends upon each employee operating within legal
guidelines and cooperating with local, national and international authorities. We expect employees to understand the legal and regulatory
requirements applicable to their business units and areas of responsibility. We hold or provide access to periodic training sessions
or relevant education in order to ensure that all employees comply with the relevant laws, rules and regulations associated with their
employment, including laws prohibiting insider trading (which are discussed in further detail in Section 3.1 below). While we do not
expect you to memorize every detail of these laws, rules and regulations, we want you to be able to determine when to seek advice from
others. If you do have a question in the area of legal compliance, it is important that you not hesitate to seek answers from your supervisor
or the Compliance Officer (as defined in Section 13). 

Disregard
of the law will not be tolerated. Violation of domestic or foreign laws, rules and regulations may subject an individual, as well as
the Company, to civil and/or criminal penalties. You should be aware that conduct and records, including emails, are subject to internal
and external audits, and to discovery by third parties in the event of a government investigation or civil litigation. It is in everyone s
best interests to know and comply with our legal and ethical obligations. 

3.1 
 Insider Trading 

Employees
who have access to confidential (or inside information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading
purposes or for any other purpose except to conduct our business. All non-public information about the Company or about companies with
which we do business is considered confidential information. To use material non-public information in connection with buying or selling
securities, including tipping others who might make an investment decision on the basis of this information, is not only
unethical, it is illegal. Employees must exercise the utmost care when handling material inside information. You should consult our Insider
Trading Policy for more specific information on the definition of inside information and on buying and selling our securities
or securities of companies with which we do business. 

- 2 - 

3.2 
 International Business Laws 

Our
personnel and those who act on our behalf are expected to comply with the applicable laws in all countries to which they travel, in which
they operate and where we otherwise do business, including laws prohibiting bribery, corruption or the conduct of business with specified
individuals, companies or countries. The fact that in some countries certain laws are not enforced or that violation of those laws is
not subject to public criticism will not be accepted as an excuse for noncompliance. We expect our personnel and those acting on our
behalf to comply with U.S. laws, rules and regulations governing the conduct of business by its citizens and corporations outside the
U.S. 

The
U.S. laws, rules and regulations that extend to all our activities outside the U.S., include: 

The
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits directly or indirectly giving anything of
 value to a government official to obtain or retain business or favorable treatment, and requires
 the maintenance of accurate books of account, with all company transactions being properly
 recorded; 

U.S.
 Embargoes, which generally prohibit U.S. companies, their subsidiaries and their employees
 from doing business with, or traveling to, certain countries subject to sanctions imposed
 by the U.S. government (which includes Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Crimea Region of Ukraine,
 Sudan and Syria, among others), as well as specific companies and individuals identified
 on lists published by the U.S. Treasury Department; 

U.S.
 Export Controls, which restrict exports from the U.S. and re-exports from other countries
 of goods, software and technology to many countries, and prohibit transfers of U.S.-origin
 items to denied persons and entities; and 

Antiboycott
 Regulations, which prohibit U.S. companies from taking any action that has the effect of
 furthering or supporting a restrictive trade practice or boycott imposed by a foreign country
 against a country friendly to the U.S. or against any U.S. person. 

If
you have a question as to whether an activity is restricted or prohibited, seek assistance before taking any action, including giving
any verbal assurances that might be regulated by international laws. 

- 3 - 

3.3 
 Antitrust Laws 

Antitrust
laws are designed to protect the competitive process. These laws are based on the premise that the public interest is best served by
vigorous competition and will suffer from illegal agreements or collusion among competitors. Antitrust laws generally prohibit: 

agreements,
 formal or informal, with competitors that harm competition or customers, including price
 fixing, bid rigging and allocations of customers, territories or markets; 

agreements,
 formal or informal, that establish or fix the price at which a customer may resell a product;
 and 

the
 acquisition or maintenance of a monopoly or attempted monopoly through anti-competitive conduct. 

Competitive,
non-public information, such as our strategies and identification of potential customers and other information, should not be exchanged
with competitors, regardless of how innocent or casual the exchange may be and regardless of the setting, whether business or social. 

Antitrust
laws impose severe penalties for certain types of violations, including criminal penalties and potential fines and damages of millions
of dollars, which may be tripled under certain circumstances. Understanding the requirements of antitrust and unfair competition laws
of the various jurisdictions where we do business can be difficult, and you are urged to seek assistance from your supervisor or the
Compliance Officer whenever you have a question relating to these laws. 

3.4 
 Political Activities and Contributions 

3.4.1 
 Political Contributions 

Federal
law and certain states prohibit a corporation, such as the Company, from making political contributions. This includes monetary contributions
(e.g., in the form of a corporate check or a purchase of tickets to a political fundraiser) as well as in-kind contributions
(e.g., the use of corporate personnel or facilities, or payment for services). The Company will not make corporate contributions that
are prohibited under applicable law. To ensure that the Company is in compliance with these laws, the following activities require the
prior approval of the Compliance Officer: 

Any
 proposed political contribution or expense by the Company to or on behalf of any candidate,
 campaign, political party, political committee (e.g., a PAC or ballot measure committee),
 or any entity exempt from federal income taxes under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue
 Code IRC . 

Use
 of corporate assets, funds, facilities, or personnel to benefit any candidate, campaign,
 political party, or political committee (e.g., a PAC or ballot measure committee), or any
 entity exempt from federal income taxes under Section 527 of the IRC without advance approval
 by the Compliance Officer. 

- 4 - 

You
have the right, and are encouraged, to voluntarily participate in the political process and make personal contributions, as long as the
following requirements are met: 

If
 you anticipate causing any corporate funds or assets (such as corporate facilities or personnel)
 to be used in connection with your volunteer activity, you must obtain pre-approval, as described
 above. 

You
 may not work on a political fundraiser or other campaign activity during working hours unless
 you obtain pre-approval, as described above. 

If
 you choose to participate in the political process, you must do so as an individual, not
 as a representative of the Company. Any overt, visible, and partisan political activity that
 could cause someone to believe that your actions reflect the views or position of the Company
 requires the prior approval of the Compliance Officer. 

You
 may not make a political contribution to obtain or retain business or to obtain any other
 improper advantage. 

The
 Company will not directly or indirectly reimburse or otherwise compensate you for your personal
 political contributions. 

You
 may not use or threaten force or reprisal against an employee to cause such employee to contribute
 to, support, or oppose any political group or candidate. 

Some
 states and localities have special laws that prohibit directors, officers and certain employees
 from making or soliciting political contributions to state and local candidates or officials
 if their employer is seeking to be, or has been, selected to provide services or enter into
 a contract with a governmental entity. To ensure compliance with these laws, the Company s
 personnel must obtain the prior approval of the Compliance Officer prior to such Covered
 Person (or such Covered Person s spouse or other family members) making or soliciting
 political contributions to state and local candidates or officials. 

- 5 - 

3.4.2 
 Lobbying 

The
federal government, each state, and certain localities have laws requiring registration and reporting by lobbyists and in some cases,
also by the lobbyist s employer. Lobbying activity generally includes attempts to influence the passage or defeat of legislation.
The U.S. Government and many states, however, have extended the definition of lobbying activity to cover efforts to influence formal
rulemaking by executive branch agencies or other official actions of agencies, including the decision to enter into a contract or other
financial arrangement. Moreover, grassroots activity (where one communicates with the public or segment of the public,
such as the Company s employees, encouraging them to call their representative or another public official for the purpose of influencing
the passage of legislation or a rulemaking) is in many cases also considered lobbying activity. 

To
ensure that the Company and its employees are in compliance with these laws, employees must not engage in any of the lobbying activities,
as described above, on behalf of the Company without prior approval of the Compliance Officer and must be in full compliance with applicable
federal, state, and local laws. 

If
you are not sure whether your activities would be considered lobbying, contact the Compliance Officer. 

3.4.3 
 Gifts and Entertainment
 of Public Officials 

See
Section 8 for additional information regarding gifts and entertainment. 

3.4.4 
 Charitable Contributions 

All
contributions made by the Company to any IRC Section 501(c) organization must be pre-cleared, except for regularly scheduled dues payments
to IRC Section 501(c)(6) trade associations to maintain the Company s membership in them. Employees are not required to pre-clear
their personal contributions to, or fundraising on behalf of, any IRC Section 501(c)(3) charity, except in the following cases: 

The
 contribution was solicited by a public official; 

The
 contribution or fundraising was requested by a current or potential client of the Company,
 or its representative or employee; or 

The
 employee s reason for the contribution or fundraising is related to current or potential
 Company business (as opposed to the employee having only personal reasons for the contribution
 or fundraising). 

- 6 - 

4. CONFLICTS
 OF INTEREST 

We
respect the rights of our employees to manage their personal affairs and investments and do not wish to impinge on their personal lives.
At the same time, employees should avoid conflicts of interest that occur when their personal interests may interfere in any way with
the performance of their duties or the best interests of the Company. A conflicting personal interest could result from an expectation
of personal gain now or in the future or from a need to satisfy a prior or concurrent personal obligation. We expect our employees to
be free from influences that conflict with the best interests of the Company or might deprive the Company of their undivided loyalty
in business dealings. Even the appearance of a conflict of interest where none actually exists can be damaging and should be avoided.
Whether or not a conflict of interest exists or will exist can be unclear. Conflicts of interest are prohibited unless specifically authorized
as described below. 

If
you have any questions about a potential conflict or if you become aware of an actual or potential conflict, and you are not an officer
or director of the Company, you must discuss the matter with your supervisor or the Compliance Officer. Supervisors may not authorize
conflict of interest matters or make determinations as to whether a problematic conflict of interest exists without first seeking the
approval of the Compliance Officer and providing the Compliance Officer with a written description of the activity. If the supervisor
is involved in the potential or actual conflict, you should discuss the matter directly with the Compliance Officer. Officers and directors
must seek any authorizations and determinations from the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Audit
Committee ), depending on the nature of the conflict of interest. Factors that may be considered in evaluating a potential conflict
of interest are, among others: 

whether
 it may interfere with the employee s job performance, responsibilities or morale; 

whether
 the employee has access to confidential information; 

whether
 it may interfere with the job performance, responsibilities or morale of others within the
 organization; 

any
 potential adverse or beneficial impact on our business; 

any
 potential adverse or beneficial impact on our relationships with our customers or other service
 providers; 

whether
 it would enhance or support a competitor s position; 

the
 extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit (direct or indirect) to the
 employee; 

the
 extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit (direct or indirect) to one
 of our customers or other service providers or others who may use our products and services;
 and 

the
 extent to which it would appear improper to an outside observer. 

- 7 - 

Although
no list can include every possible situation in which a conflict of interest could arise, the following are examples of situations that
may, depending on the facts and circumstances, involve problematic conflicts of interests: 

Employment
 by (including consulting for) or service on the board of a competitor, customer or other
 service provider . Activity that enhances or supports the position of a competitor to
 the detriment of the Company is prohibited, including employment by or service on the board
 of a competitor. Employment by or service on the board of a customer or other service provider
 is generally discouraged and you must seek authorization in advance if you plan to take such
 a position. 

Owning,
 directly or indirectly, a significant financial interest in any entity that does business,
 seeks to do business or competes with us . In addition to the factors described above,
 persons evaluating ownership in other entities for conflicts of interest will consider the
 size and nature of the investment; the nature of the relationship between the other entity
 and the Company; the employee s access to confidential information; and the employee s
 ability to influence the Company s decisions. If you would like to acquire a financial
 interest of that kind, you must seek approval in advance. 

Soliciting
 or accepting gifts, favors, loans or preferential treatment from any person or entity that
 does business or seeks to do business with us . See Section 8 for further discussion of
 the issues involved in this type of conflict. 

Soliciting
 contributions to any charity or for any political candidate from any person or entity that
 does business or seeks to do business with us. 

Taking
 personal advantage of corporate opportunities . See Section 5 for further discussion of
 the issues involved in this type of conflict. 

Conducting
 our business transactions with your family member or a business in which you have a significant
 financial interest . Related-person transactions covered by our Related Person Transaction
 Policy must be reviewed in accordance with such policy and will be publicly disclosed to
 the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Exercising
 supervisory or other authority on behalf of the Company over a co-worker who is also a family
 member . The employee s supervisor and/or the Compliance Officer will consult with
 the Company s CEO, as necessary, to assess the advisability of reassignment. 

Loans
to, or guarantees of obligations of, employees or their family members by the Company could constitute an improper personal benefit to
the recipients of these loans or guarantees, depending on the facts and circumstances. Some loans are expressly prohibited by law, and
applicable law requires that our Board of Directors approve all loans and guarantees to employees. As a result, all loans and guarantees
by the Company must be approved in advance by the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee. 

- 8 - 

5. CORPORATE
 OPPORTUNITIES 

You
may not take personal advantage of opportunities for the Company that are presented to you or discovered by you as a result of your position
with us or through your use of corporate property or information, unless authorized by your supervisor, the Compliance Officer or the
Audit Committee, as described in Section 13. Even opportunities that are acquired privately by you may be questionable if they are related
to our existing or proposed lines of business. Participation in an investment or outside business opportunity that is directly related
to our lines of business must be pre-approved. You may not use your position with us or corporate property or information for improper
personal gain, nor should you compete with us in any way. 

6. MAINTENANCE
 OF CORPORATE BOOKS, RECORDS, DOCUMENTS AND ACCOUNTS; FINANCIAL INTEGRITY; PUBLIC REPORTING 

The
integrity of our records and public disclosure depends upon the validity, accuracy and completeness of the information supporting the
entries to our books of account. Therefore, our corporate and business records should be completed accurately and honestly. The making
of false or misleading entries, whether they relate to financial results or test results, is strictly prohibited. Our records serve as
a basis for managing our business and are important in meeting our obligations to customers, vendors, employees and others with whom
we do business. As a result, it is important that our books, records and accounts accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail,
our assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, as well as all transactions and changes in assets and liabilities. We require
that: 

no
 entry be made in our books and records that intentionally hides or disguises the nature of
 any transaction or of any of our liabilities, or misclassifies any transactions as to accounts
 or accounting periods; 

transactions
 be supported by appropriate documentation; 

the
 terms of sales and other commercial transactions be reflected accurately in the documentation
 for those transactions and all such documentation be reflected accurately in our books and
 records; 

employees
 comply with our system of internal controls; and 

no
 cash or other assets be maintained for any purpose in any unrecorded or off- the-books 
 fund. 

- 9 - 

Our
accounting records are also relied upon to produce reports for our management, shareholders and creditors, as well as governmental agencies.
In particular, we rely upon our accounting and other business and corporate records in preparing periodic and current reports that we
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Securities laws require that these reports provide full, fair,
accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and fairly present our financial condition and results of operations. Employees and independent
contractors who collect, provide or analyze information for or otherwise contribute in any way in preparing or verifying these reports
should strive to ensure that our financial disclosure is accurate and transparent and that our reports contain all of the information
about the Company that would be important to enable shareholders and potential investors to assess the soundness and risks of our business
and finances and the quality and integrity of our accounting and disclosures. In addition: 

no
 employee or independent contractor may take or authorize any action that would intentionally
 cause our financial records or financial disclosure to fail to comply with generally accepted
 accounting principles, the rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable laws, rules
 and regulations; 

all
 employees and independent contractors must cooperate fully with our accounting and audit
 teams, as well as our independent public accountants and counsel, respond to their questions
 with candor and provide them with complete and accurate information to help ensure that our
 books and records, as well as our reports filed with the SEC, are accurate and complete;
 and 

no
 employee or independent contractor should knowingly make (or cause or encourage any other
 person to make) any false or misleading statement in any of our reports filed with the SEC
 or knowingly omit (or cause or encourage any other person to omit) any information necessary
 to make the disclosure in any of our reports accurate in all material respects. 

Any
employee or independent contractor who becomes aware of any departure from these standards has a responsibility to report his or her
knowledge promptly to a supervisor, the Compliance Officer, the Audit Committee, or one of the other compliance resources described in
Section 13. 

7. FAIR
 DEALING 

We
strive to outperform our competition fairly and honestly through superior performance and not through unethical or illegal business practices.
Acquiring proprietary information from others through improper means, possessing trade secret information that was improperly obtained,
or inducing improper disclosure of confidential information from past or present employees of other companies is prohibited, even if
motivated by an intention to advance our interests. If information is obtained by mistake that may constitute a trade secret or other
confidential information of another business, or if you have any questions about the legality of proposed information gathering, you
must consult your supervisor or the Compliance Officer, as further described in Section 13. 

You
are expected to deal fairly with our customers, employees and anyone else with whom you have contact in the course of performing your
job. Be aware that the Federal Trade Commission Act provides that unfair methods of competition in commerce, and unfair or deceptive
acts or practices in commerce, are declared unlawful. It is a violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act to engage in deceptive,
unfair or unethical practices, and to make misrepresentations in connection with sales activities. 

- 10 - 

8. GIFTS
 AND ENTERTAINMENT 

Business
gifts and entertainment are meant to create goodwill and sound working relationships and not to gain improper advantage with current
or potential customers or third-parties or facilitate approvals from government officials. The exchange, as a normal business courtesy,
of meals or entertainment (such as tickets to a game or the theatre or a round of golf) is a common and acceptable practice as long as
it is not extravagant. Regardless of value, any gifts or entertainment to any public official or employee of any foreign or domestic
government (or such person s spouse or child), must be approved in advance by the Compliance Officer. Otherwise, unless express
permission is received from a supervisor, the Compliance Officer or the Audit Committee, gifts and entertainment cannot be offered, provided
or accepted by any employee unless consistent with customary business practices and not (a) of more than U.S. 250.00 in monetary value,
(b) in cash, (c) susceptible of being construed as a bribe or kickback, (d) made or received on a regular or frequent basis or (e) in
violation of any laws. This principle applies to our transactions everywhere in the world, even where the practice is widely considered
 a way of doing business. Employees should not accept gifts or entertainment that may reasonably be deemed to affect their
judgment or actions in the performance of their duties. Our customers and the public at large should know that our employees judgment
is not for sale. 

Under
some statutes, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (further described in Section 3.2), giving anything of value to a government
official to obtain or retain business or favorable treatment is a criminal act subject to prosecution and conviction. Moreover, the U.S.
and all states have bribery laws. Discuss with your supervisor or the Compliance Officer any proposed entertainment or gifts if you are
uncertain about their appropriateness. 

9. PROTECTION
 AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS 

All
employees are expected to protect our assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on our
financial condition and results of operations. Our property, such as office supplies, computer equipment, products, and office space
are expected to be used only for legitimate business purposes, although incidental personal use may be permitted. You may not, however,
use our corporate name, any brand name or trademark owned or associated with the Company or any letterhead stationery for any personal
purpose. 

You
may not, while acting on behalf of the Company or while using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, either: 

access
 the internal computer system (also known as hacking or other resource of another
 entity without express written authorization from the entity responsible for operating that
 resource; or 

commit
 any unlawful or illegal act, including harassment, libel, fraud, sending of unsolicited commercial
 email (also known as spam in violation of applicable law, trafficking in contraband
 of any kind, or espionage. 

- 11 - 

If
you receive authorization to access another entity s internal computer system or other resource, you must make a permanent record
of that authorization so that it may be retrieved for future reference, and you may not exceed the scope of that authorization. 

Unsolicited
commercial email is regulated by law in a number of jurisdictions. If you intend to send unsolicited commercial email to persons outside
of the Company, either while acting on our behalf or using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, you should contact
your supervisor or the Compliance Officer for approval. 

All
data residing on or transmitted through our computing and communications facilities, including email and word processing documents, is
the property of the Company and subject to inspection, retention and review by the Company, with or without an employee s or third
party s knowledge, consent or approval, in accordance with applicable law. Any misuse or suspected misuse of our assets must be
immediately reported to your supervisor or the Compliance Officer. 

10. CONFIDENTIALITY 

One
of our most important assets is our confidential information. As an employee of the Company, you may learn of information about the Company
that is confidential and proprietary. You also may learn of information before that information is released to the general public. Employees
who have received or have access to confidential information should take care to keep this information confidential. Confidential information
includes non-public information that might be of use to competitors or harmful to the Company or its customers if disclosed, such as
business, marketing and service plans, financial information, product and service development, technical data, students in our programs,
pricing strategies, personnel data, personally identifiable information pertaining to our employees or students (including, for example,
names, addresses, telephone numbers and social security numbers), and similar types of information provided to us by our customers. This
information may be protected by patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws. 

In
addition, because we interact with other companies and organizations, there may be times when you learn confidential information about
other companies before that information has been made available to the public. You must treat this information in the same manner as
you are required to treat our confidential and proprietary information. There may even be times when you must treat as confidential the
fact that we have an interest in, or are involved with, another company. 

You
are expected to keep confidential and proprietary information confidential unless and until that information is released to the public
through approved channels (usually through a press release, an SEC filing or a formal communication from a member of senior management,
as further described in Section 11). Every employee has a duty to refrain from disclosing to any person confidential or proprietary information
about us or any other company learned in the course of employment here, until that information is disclosed to the public through approved
channels. This policy requires you to refrain from discussing confidential or proprietary information with outsiders and even with other
Company employees, unless those fellow employees have a legitimate need to know the information in order to perform their job duties.
Unauthorized use or distribution of this information could also be illegal and result in civil liability and/or criminal penalties. 

- 12 - 

You
should also take care not to inadvertently disclose confidential information. Materials that contain confidential information, such as
memos, notebooks, computer disks, memory sticks, laptop computers, tablets and mobile devices should be stored securely. Unauthorized
posting or discussion of any information concerning our business, information or prospects on the Internet is prohibited. You may not
discuss our business, information or prospects in any chat room, regardless of whether you use your own name or a pseudonym.
Be cautious when discussing sensitive information in public places like elevators, airports, restaurants and quasi-public 
areas within the Company, or in and around the Company s facilities. All Company emails, voicemails and other communications are
presumed confidential and should not be forwarded or otherwise disseminated outside of the Company, except where required for legitimate
business purposes. 

In
addition to the above responsibilities, if you are handling information protected by any privacy policy published by us, then you must
handle that information in accordance with the applicable policy. 

11. MEDIA/PUBLIC
 DISCUSSIONS 

It
is our policy to disclose material information concerning the Company to the public only through specific limited channels to avoid inappropriate
publicity and to ensure that all those with an interest in the Company will have equal access to information. All inquiries or calls
from the press and financial analysts should be referred to our Chief Executive Officer. We have designated our Chief Executive Officer
as our official spokesperson for questions concerning the financial performance, strategic direction or operating performance of the
Company, and operational issues. Unless a specific exception has been made by the Chief Executive Officer, she is the only person who
may communicate with the press on behalf of the Company. You also may not provide any information to the media about us off the record,
for background, confidentially or secretly, including, without limitation, by way of postings on internet websites, chat rooms or blogs . 

12. WAIVERS 

Any
waiver of this Code for executive officers (including, where required by applicable laws, our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller (or persons performing similar functions)) or directors may be authorized
only by our Board of Directors or, to the extent permitted by the rules of the NYSE American, a committee of the Board and will be disclosed
as required by applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

- 13 - 

13. COMPLIANCE
 STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES 

Compliance
Resources 

We
have established the position of Compliance Officer, which shall initially be held by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, to
oversee this program. The Compliance Officer is a person to whom you can address any questions or concerns related to this Code or any
other matters relating to legal or regulatory compliance. In addition to fielding questions or concerns with respect to potential violations
of this Code or any other matters relating to legal or regulatory compliance, the Compliance Officer is responsible for: 

investigating
 possible violations of the Code; 

training
 new employees in Code policies; 

conducting
 annual training sessions to refresh employees familiarity with the Code; 

distributing
 copies of the Code annually via e-mail to each employee with a reminder that each employee
 is responsible for reading, understanding and complying with the Code; 

updating
 the Code as needed and alerting employees to any updates, with appropriate approval of the
 Audit Committee, to reflect changes in the law, the Company s operations and in recognized
 best practices, and to reflect the Company s experience; 

overseeing
 the Company s compliance program and reporting to the Audit Committee material matters
 that may arise relating to the Company s legal and regulatory compliance efforts; and 

otherwise
 promoting an atmosphere of responsible and ethical conduct. 

Your
most immediate resource for any matter related to the Code is your supervisor. He or she may have the information you need, or may be
able to refer the question to another appropriate source. There may, however, be times when you prefer not to go to your supervisor.
In these instances, you should feel free to discuss your concern with the Compliance Officer. If you are uncomfortable speaking with
the Compliance Officer because he or she works in your department or is one of your supervisors, please contact the Chief Executive Officer,
if the Chief Executive Officer is not the Compliance Officer or, otherwise, the Chief Financial Officer. 

Clarifying
Questions and Concerns; Reporting Possible Violations 

If
you encounter a situation or are considering a course of action and its appropriateness is unclear, discuss the matter promptly with
your supervisor or the Compliance Officer; even the appearance of impropriety can be very damaging and should be avoided. 

If
you are aware of a suspected or actual violation of Code standards by others, you have a responsibility to report it. You are expected
to promptly provide a compliance resource with a specific description of the violation that you believe has occurred, including any information
you have about the persons involved and the time of the violation. Whether you choose to speak with your supervisor or the Compliance
Officer, you should do so without fear of any form of retaliation. We will take prompt disciplinary action against any employee who retaliates
against you, up to and including termination of employment. 

- 14 - 

Supervisors
must promptly report any complaints or observations of Code violations to the Compliance Officer. If you believe your supervisor has
not taken appropriate action, you should contact the Compliance Officer directly. The Compliance Officer will investigate all reported
possible Code violations promptly and with the highest degree of confidentiality that is possible under the specific circumstances. Neither
you nor your supervisor may conduct any preliminary investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Compliance Officer. Your cooperation
in the investigation will be expected. As needed, the Compliance Officer will consult with, outside legal counsel and/or the Audit Committee.
It is our policy to employ a fair process by which to determine violations of the Code. 

With
respect to any complaints or observations of Code violations, including, but not limited to, matters that may involve accounting, internal
accounting controls and auditing concerns, the Compliance Officer shall promptly inform the chair of the Audit Committee, and the Audit
Committee or such other persons as the Audit Committee determines to be appropriate under the circumstances shall be responsible for
supervising and overseeing the inquiry and any investigation that is undertaken. In addition, any matters involving accounting, internal
accounting controls and auditing concerns that are reported shall be routed to both the Compliance Officer and the Audit Committee. 

If
any investigation indicates that a violation of the Code has probably occurred, we will take such action as we believe to be appropriate
under the circumstances. If we determine that an employee is responsible for a Code violation, he or she will be subject to disciplinary
action up to, and including, termination of employment and, in appropriate cases, civil legal action or referral for regulatory or criminal
prosecution. Appropriate action may also be taken to deter any future Code violations. 

- 15 - 

CERTIFICATION 

TO: 
 Compliance Officer 

FROM: 

RE: 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

I
have received, reviewed and understand the above-referenced Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and undertake, as a condition to my present
and continued employment (or, if I am not an employee, affiliation) with Legacy Education Inc., or any of its subsidiaries or controlled
entities to comply fully with the policies and procedures in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as the same may be amended, revised,
restated and/or supplemented from time to time. 

Signature 
 
 Date 

Title 

- 16 - 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1)
Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-281586). 

(2)
Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-282336) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan of our report
dated October 1, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Legacy Education Inc. as of June 30, 2024 and
2023 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Legacy Education Inc. for
the year ended June 30, 2024. 

/s/
L J Soldinger Associates, LLC 

Deer
Park, Illinois 

 United
States of America 

October 1, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer of Legacy Education Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
LeeAnn Rohmann, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Legacy Education Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:October 1, 2024 
 /s/
 LeeAnn Rohmann 

LeeAnn
 Rohmann 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of Legacy Education Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Brandon Pope, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Legacy Education Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
 all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:October 1, 2024 
 /s/
 Brandon Pope 

Brandon
 Pope 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Statement
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned,
LeeAnn Rohmann and Brandon Pope, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Legacy Education Inc. (the
 Company ), hereby certify that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:October 1, 2024 
 /s/
 LeeAnn Rohmann 

LeeAnn
 Rohmann 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:October 1, 2024 
 /s/
 Brandon Pope 

Brandon
 Pope 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 7
 ex97-1.htm

Exhibit
97.1 

LEGACY
EDUCATION INC. 

CLAWBACK
POLICY 

I. 
 Purpose
 and Scope 

The
Board of Directors (the Board of the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders
to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance
compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this Clawback Policy (this Policy ), which provides for
the recovery of erroneously awarded Compensation in the event of a Triggering Event (as defined below). Unless otherwise defined herein,
the capitalized terms have the meanings set forth under XIII. Definitions. 

II. 
 Administration 

This
Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted to be consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 of the
Exchange Act, the listing standards of the NYSE American and other regulations, rules and guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC thereunder, and related securities regulations and regulations of the stock exchange or association on
which Company s shares of common stock (the Common Stock are listed (collectively, the Listing
Standards ). This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). 

Any
determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding. In addition, the Company shall file all disclosures with respect to
this Policy in accordance with the Listing Standards. The Committee hereby has the power and authority to enforce the terms and conditions
of this Policy and to use any and all of the Company s resources it deems appropriate to recoup any excess Compensation subject
to this Policy. 

III. 
 Covered
 Executives 

This
Policy applies to the Company s current and former Covered Executives, as determined by the Committee in accordance with the Listing
Standards. 

IV. 
 Events
 That Trigger Recoupment Under This Policy 

The
Board or Committee will be required to recoup any excess Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three (3) completed
fiscal years (together with any interim stub fiscal year period(s) of less than nine (9) months resulting from the Company s transition
to different fiscal year measurement dates) immediately preceding the date the Company is deemed (as determined pursuant to the immediately
following sentence) to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement (the Three-Year Recovery Period irrespective of any fault, misconduct or responsibility of such Covered Executive for the Covered Accounting Restatement. For purposes
of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company is deemed to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement on the earlier
of (A) the date upon which the Board or applicable committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take
such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare
a Covered Accounting Restatement; or (B) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare
a Covered Accounting Restatement (each, a Triggering Event ). 

- 1 - 

V. 
 Excess
 Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The
amount of Compensation to be recovered shall be the excess of the Compensation received by the Covered Executive over the amount of Compensation
which would have been received by the Covered Executive had the amount of such Compensation been calculated based on the restated amounts,
as determined by the Committee. For purposes of this Policy, Compensation shall be deemed received , either wholly or in
part, in the fiscal year during which any applicable Financial Reporting Measure is attained, even if the payment, vesting or grant of
such Compensation occurs after the end of such fiscal year. Amounts required to be recouped under this Policy shall be calculated on
a pre-tax basis. The date of receipt of the Compensation depends upon the terms of the award of such Compensation. For example: 

a. 
 If
 the grant of an award of Compensation is based, either wholly or in part, on the satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure
 performance goal, then the award would be deemed received in the fiscal period when that measure was satisfied ; 

b. 
 If
 the vesting of an equity award of Compensation occurs only upon the satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance
 condition, then the award would be deemed received in the fiscal period when it vests ; 

c. 
 If
 the earning of a non-equity incentive plan award of Compensation is based on the satisfaction of the relevant Financial Reporting
 Measure performance goal, then the non-equity incentive plan award will be deemed received in the fiscal year in which that performance
 goal is satisfied ; and 

d. 
 If
 the earning of a cash award of Compensation is based on the satisfaction of a Financial Reporting Measure performance goal,
 then the cash award will be deemed received in the fiscal period when that measure is satisfied . 

It
is specifically understood that, to the extent that the impact of the Covered Accounting Restatement on the amount of Compensation received
cannot be calculated directly from the information in the Covered Accounting Restatement (e.g., if such restatement s impact on
the Company s share price is not clear), then such excess amount of Compensation shall be determined based on the Committee s
reasonable estimate of the effect of the Covered Accounting Restatement on the share price or total shareholder return upon which the
Compensation was received. The Company shall maintain documentation for the determination of such excess amount and provide such documentation
to the NYSE American NYSE American ). 

VI. 
 Method
 of Recovery 

The
Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, the methods for recovering excess Compensation hereunder, which methods may include,
without limitation: 

a. 
 requiring
 reimbursement of cash Compensation previously paid; 

b. 
 seeking
 recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards; 

c. 
 offsetting
 the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

d. 
 cancelling
 outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or 

e. 
 taking
 any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Committee. 

Notwithstanding
anything in this Section VI, and subject to applicable law, the Committee may cause recoupment under this Policy from any amount of Compensation
approved, awarded, granted, paid, or payable to any Covered Executive prior to, on, or following the Effective Date (as defined below). 

VII. 
 Impracticability 

The
Committee shall recover any excess Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined
by the Committee in accordance with the Listing Standards. It is specifically understood that recovery shall only be deemed impractical
if (A) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (before concluding
that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Compensation based on the expense of enforcement, the Committee
shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such erroneously awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and
provide that documentation to the NYSE American); (B) recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to the
November 28, 2022 (before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of erroneously awarded Compensation based on
violation of home country law, the Committee shall obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the applicable national securities
exchange or association on which the Company s Common Stock are trading, that recovery would result in such a violation, and must
provide such opinion to the exchange or association); or (C) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan,
under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or
26 U.S.C. 411(a), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

- 2 - 

VIII. 
 Other
 Recoupment Rights; Acknowledgement 

The
Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective
Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this
Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that
may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar
agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. The Company shall provide notice and seek written (including e-mail)
acknowledgement of this Policy from each Covered Executive; provided , that the failure to provide such notice or obtain such acknowledgement
shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy to, or against, any Covered Executive. 

IX. 
 No
 Indemnification of Covered Executives 

Notwithstanding
any right to indemnification under any plan, policy or agreement of the Company or any of its affiliates, the Company shall not indemnify
any Covered Executives against the loss of any excess Compensation. In addition, the Company shall be prohibited from paying or reimbursing
a Covered Executive for premiums of any third-party insurance purchased to fund any potential recovery obligations. 

X. 
 Indemnification 

To
the extent allowable pursuant to applicable law, each member of the Board and the Committee and any officer or other employee to whom
authority to administer any component of this Policy is designated shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from any loss,
cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in connection with or resulting from any claim,
action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved
by reason of any action or failure to act pursuant to this Policy and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in satisfaction
of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided , however , that he or she gives the Company
an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own
behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such individuals
may be entitled pursuant to the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that
the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 

XI. 
 Effective
 Date 

This
Policy shall be effective as of the date the Policy is adopted by the Board (the Board Adoption Date ). This Policy
shall apply to any Compensation that is received by Covered Executives on or after [IPO DATE] (the Effective Date ),
even if such Compensation was approved, awarded, granted, or paid to Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date or the Board Adoption
Date. 

XII. 
 Amendment
 and Termination; Interpretation 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its sole discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect and
comply with further regulations, rules and guidance of the SEC and Listing Standards. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

- 3 - 

The
Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for
the administration of this Policy. This Policy is designed and intended to be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements
of the Listing Standards. To the extent there is any inconsistency between this Policy and such regulations, rules and guidance, such
regulations, rules and guidance shall control, and this Policy shall be deemed amended to incorporate such regulations, rules and guidance
until or unless the Board or the Committee expressly determine otherwise. 

This
Policy shall be applicable, binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators
or other legal representatives to the fullest extent of the law. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy shall be in addition to (and
not in substitution of) any other clawback policy of the Company in effect from time to time or applicable to any Covered Executive. 

XIII. 
 Definitions 

For
purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1. 
 Company 
 means Legacy Education Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries and their successors. 

2. 
 Compensation 
 means any compensation which was approved, awarded or granted to, or earned by a Covered Executive (A) while the Company had a class
 of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (B) on or after the Effective Date
 (including any award under any short-term or long-term incentive compensation plan of the Company, including any other short-term
 or long-term cash or equity incentive award or any other payment) that, in each case, is granted, earned, or vested based wholly
 or in part upon the attainment of any Financial Reporting Measure (i.e., any measures that are determined and presented in accordance
 with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly
 or in part from such measures, including share price and total shareholder return). Compensation may include (but is not limited
 to) any of the following: 

a. 
 Annual
 bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives; 

b. 
 Stock
 options; 

c. 
 Stock
 appreciation rights; 

d. 
 Restricted
 shares; 

e. 
 Restricted
 share units; 

f. 
 Performance
 shares; and 

g. 
 Performance
 units. 

3. 
 Covered
 Accounting Restatement means any accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s
 material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws. A Covered Accounting Restatement includes
 any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously
 issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements) or that would result in a material misstatement
 if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little
 r restatements). A Covered Accounting Restatement does not include (A) an out-of-period adjustment when the error is immaterial
 to the previously issued financial statements, and the correction of the error is also immaterial to the current period; (B) a retrospective
 application of a change in accounting principle; (C) a retrospective revision to reportable segment information due to a change in
 the structure of an issuer s internal organization; (D) a retrospective reclassification due to a discontinued operation; (E)
 a retrospective application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control; or (F)
 a retrospective revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in capital structure. 

- 4 - 

4. 
 Covered
 Executive means any person who: 

a. 
 Has
 received applicable Compensation: 

i. 
 During
 the Three-Year Recovery Period; and 

ii. 
 After
 beginning service as an Executive Officer; and 

b. 
 Has
 served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for such Compensation. 

5. 
 Exchange
 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

6. 
 Executive
 Officer(s) means an executive officer as defined in Exchange Act Rule 10D-1(d) and the Listing Standards
 and includes any person who is the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there
 is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division,
 or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person
 who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company (with any executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries
 being deemed Covered Executives of the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company), and such other senior
 executives or employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board in its sole discretion. All executive
 officers of the Company identified by the Board pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b) shall be deemed Executive Officers. 

7. 
 Financial
 Reporting Measure(s) means any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles
 used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measures,
 including share price and total shareholder return, including, but not limited to, financial reporting measures including non-GAAP
 financial measures for purposes of Exchange Act Regulation G and 17 CFR 229.10, as well other measures, metrics and ratios
 that are not non-GAAP measures, like same store sales. Financial Reporting Measures may or may not be included in a filing with the
 SEC and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements, such as in Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations or the performance graph. Financial Reporting Measures include, without limitation,
 any of the following: 

a. 
 Company
 share price; 

b. 
 Total
 shareholder return; 

c. 
 Revenues; 

d. 
 Net
 income; 

e. 
 Earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA); 

f. 
 Funds
 from operations; 

g. 
 Liquidity
 measures such as working capital or operating cash flow; 

h. 
 Return
 measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets; and 

i. 
 Earnings
 measures such as earnings per share. 

- 5 - 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lgcy-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lgcy-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lgcy-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lgcy-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

