<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-K_edgar_data_823277_0000823277-24-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21138501</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1144693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4509772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8509836</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3512021</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2949299</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000823277-24-000046.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106120049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000823277-24-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000823277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				410251095
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36079
		FILM NUMBER:		241429835

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 CENEX DRIVE
		CITY:			INVER GROVE HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		651-355-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5500 CENEX DRIVE
		CITY:			INVER GROVE HEIGHTS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENEX HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARVEST STATES COOPERATIVES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000823277-24-000046.txt : 20241106

10-K
 1
 chscp-20240831.htm
 10-K

chscp-20240831 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 
 
 The Registrant has voting or non-voting common equity (the Registrant is a member cooperative). 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 
 The Registrant has common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 1 C . 
 Cybersecurity 
 22 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 74 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 77 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 85 
 S i gnatures 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

THE COMPANY 
 
 CHS Inc. (referred to herein as "CHS," "company," "we," "us" or "our") is the nation's leading integrated agricultural cooperative, providing grain, food, agronomy and energy resources to businesses and consumers on a global basis. As a cooperative, we are owned by farmers and ranchers and member cooperatives (referred to herein as "members") across the United States. We also have preferred shareholders who own shares of our five series of preferred stock, all of which are listed and traded on the Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. We buy commodities from and provide products and services to individual agricultural producers, local cooperatives and other companies (including our members and other nonmember customers), both domestically and internationally. We provide a wide variety of products and services, ranging from initial agricultural inputs such as fuels, farm supplies, crop nutrients and crop protection products to agricultural outputs that include grain and oilseed, processed grain and oilseed, renewable fuels and food products. A portion of our operations are conducted through equity investments and joint ventures whose operating results are not fully consolidated with our results; rather, a proportionate share of the income or loss from those equity investments and joint ventures is included as a component of our net income using the equity method of accounting. For the year ended August 31, 2024, our total revenues were 39.3 billion and net income attributable to CHS was 1.1 billion. 
 
 We have aligned our segments based on an assessment of how our businesses operate and the products and services they sell. Our Energy segment derives its revenues through refining, wholesaling and retailing of petroleum products. Our Ag segment derives its revenues through origination and marketing of grain, including service activities conducted at export terminals; through wholesale agronomy sales of crop nutrient and crop protection products; from sales of soybean meal, refined soy oil and soyflour products; through the production and marketing of renewable fuels; and through retail sales of petroleum and agronomy products, processed sunflowers, feed and farm supplies. Our Ag segment also records equity income from our grain export joint venture and other investments. Our Nitrogen Production segment consists of our equity method investment in CF Industries Nitrogen, LLC ("CF Nitrogen"), and allocated expenses. Our other business operations, primarily our financing and hedging businesses, are included in Corporate and Other because of the nature of their products and services, as well as the relative amount of revenues from those businesses. In addition, our nonconsolidated food production and distribution joint venture, Ventura Foods, LLC ("Ventura Foods"), and our nonconsolidated wheat milling joint venture, Ardent Mills, LLC ("Ardent Mills"), are included in Corporate and Other. 
 
 As required under our bylaws and Minnesota cooperative law, our earnings from cooperative business are required to be allocated to our members and to a limited extent to nonmembers with which we have agreed to do business on a patronage basis based on the volume of business they do with us. We allocate these earnings to our patrons in the form of patronage refunds, which are also called patronage dividends, and which may be in cash, patrons' equities in the form of capital equity certificates or both. Patrons' equities may be redeemed over time solely at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Earnings derived from nonmembers, which are not treated as patronage, are taxed at federal and state statutory corporate rates and are retained by us as unallocated capital reserves. We also receive patronage refunds from the cooperatives in which we are a member, if those cooperatives have earnings to distribute and if we qualify for patronage refunds from them. 
 
 Our origins date back to the early 1930s with the founding of our predecessor companies, Cenex, Inc., and Harvest States Cooperatives. CHS Inc. emerged as the result of the merger of those two entities in 1998 and is headquartered in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota. 
 
 Our internet address is www.chsinc.com. Our periodic and current reports on Form 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other filings, including exhibits and supplemental schedules filed therewith, and amendments to those reports, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC, free of charge. The information contained on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers, where you may obtain a copy of all information we file publicly with the SEC. The SEC website address is www.sec.gov. 

1 

Table of Contents 

 ENERGY 
 Overview 
 
 We are the nation's largest cooperative energy company based on revenues and identifiable assets, with operations that include petroleum refining and pipelines; supply, marketing and distribution of refined fuels (gasoline, diesel fuel and other energy products); blending, sale and distribution of lubricants; and wholesale supply of propane and other natural gas liquids. Our Energy segment processes crude oil into refined petroleum products at our refineries in Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas, and sells those products under the Cenex brand to member cooperatives and other independent retailers through a network of nearly 1,250 sites, the majority of which are convenience stores marketing Cenex brand fuels and owned by our member cooperatives. For fiscal 2024, our Energy revenues, after elimination of intersegment revenues, were 8.8 billion and were primarily from gasoline, diesel fuel and propane. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Laurel refinery. Our Laurel, Montana, refinery processes medium- and high-sulfur crude oil into refined petroleum products that primarily include gasoline, diesel fuel, asphalt and petroleum coke. Our Laurel refinery sources approximately 95 of its crude oil supply from Canada, with the remaining balance obtained from domestic sources, and we have access to Canadian and northwest Montana crude oil through our wholly-owned Front Range Pipeline, LLC, and other common carrier pipelines. Our Laurel refinery also has access to Wyoming crude oil via common carrier pipelines from the south. 
 
 Our Laurel refinery processes approximately 65,000 barrels of crude oil per day to produce refined products that consist of approximately 38 gasoline, 43 diesel fuel and other distillates, 12 asphalt, 6 petroleum coke and 1 other products. Refined fuels produced at our Laurel refinery are available via railcars and via the Yellowstone Pipeline to western Montana terminals and to Spokane, Washington; south via common carrier pipelines to Wyoming terminals and Denver, Colorado; and east via our wholly-owned Cenex Pipeline, LLC, to Glendive, Montana, and to Minot, Prosper and Fargo, North Dakota. 
 
 McPherson refinery. Our McPherson, Kansas, refinery processes approximately 58 low- and medium-sulfur crude oil and approximately 42 heavy-sulfur crude oil into gasoline, diesel fuel and other distillates, petroleum coke and other products. The refinery sources its crude oil through its own pipelines, as well as through joint venture and common carrier pipelines. Low- and medium-sulfur crude oil is sourced from Kansas, Colorado, North Dakota, Oklahoma and Texas, and heavy-sulfur crude oil is sourced from Canada and Wyoming. 
 
 Our McPherson refinery processes approximately 114,000 barrels of crude oil per day to produce refined products that consist of approximately 49 gasoline, 45 diesel fuel and other distillates, 5 petroleum coke and 1 other products. These products are loaded into trucks at the McPherson refinery or shipped via common carrier pipelines to other markets. 
 
 Other energy operations . We operate nine propane terminals, four asphalt terminals, eight refined product terminals and two lubricants blending and packaging facilities. We also own and lease a fleet of liquid and pressure trailers and tractors, which transport refined fuels, propane, anhydrous ammonia and other products. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 Our Energy segment produces and sells (primarily wholesale) gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, asphalt, lubricants and other related products, and also provides transportation services. In addition to selling products refined at our Laurel and McPherson refineries, we purchase refined petroleum products from third parties as the need arises. For fiscal 2024, we produced approximately 81 of the refined petroleum products we sold at our Laurel and McPherson refineries and obtained approximately 19 from third parties. The percentage of refined petroleum products that we obtain from third parties is dependent on refinery production volumes and will vary from year to year, primarily based on our planned major maintenance schedule. 
 
 Sales and Marketing: Customers 
 
 We market approximately 76 of our refined fuel products to members, with the balance sold to nonmembers. Sales are made wholesale to member cooperatives and through a network of independent retailers that operate convenience stores under the Cenex brand. We sold approximately 1.5 billion gallons of gasoline and approximately 1.7 billion gallons of diesel fuel in fiscal 2024. We also blend, package and wholesale auto and farm equipment lubricants to members and nonmembers. We are one of the nation's largest propane wholesalers based on revenues. Most of the propane sold in rural areas is for heating and agricultural use. Annual sales volumes of propane vary greatly depending on weather patterns and crop conditions. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Industry: Competition 
 
 The petroleum business is highly cyclical. Demand for crude oil and energy products is driven by the condition of local and worldwide economies, local and regional weather patterns and taxation relative to other energy sources, which can significantly affect the price of refined fuel products. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and revenues in certain operating areas, such as refined fuel products in the spring, summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel use by our agricultural customers is highest and is subject to domestic supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, generally experience higher volumes and revenues during the winter heating and crop-drying seasons. More fuel-efficient equipment, reduced crop tillage, depressed prices for crops, weather conditions and government programs that encourage idle acres may all reduce demand for our energy products. 
 
 Regulation. Governmental regulations and policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, have a significant impact on our Energy segment. Our Energy segment's operations are subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"), the U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT"), the U.S. Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern, among other things, discharge of materials into the environment, including air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; transportation, handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; labeling of pesticides and similar substances; and investigation and remediation of the release of hazardous materials. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to administrative penalties, injunctive relief, civil remedies and possible product recalls. Our hedging transactions and activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use and to governing bodies, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ("CME"), the New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX") and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC"). 
 
 Competition. The petroleum refining and wholesale fuels business is highly competitive. Among our competitors are some of the world's largest integrated petroleum companies, which have their own crude oil supplies and distribution and marketing systems. We also compete with smaller domestic refiners and marketers in the midwestern and northwestern United States, with foreign refiners who import products into the United States and with producers and marketers in other industries supplying other forms of energy and fuels to consumers. Given the commodity nature of the end products, profitability in the industry depends largely on margins, operating efficiency, product mix and costs of product distribution and transportation. Our retail gasoline competitors are much larger than CHS and have greater brand recognition and distribution outlets throughout the country and world than we do. We also are experiencing increased competition from regional and unbranded retailers. 
 
 We market refined fuel products in five principal geographic regions. The first region includes the Midwest and Northern Plains. Competition at the wholesale level in this area includes major oil companies, as well as independent refiners and wholesale brokers and/or suppliers. This region has a robust spot market and is influenced by the large refinery center along the Gulf Coast. 
 
 A second unique marketing region centers near Chicago, Illinois, and includes Illinois, Indiana and eastern Wisconsin. In this region, we principally compete with the major oil companies, as well as independent refiners and wholesale brokers and/or suppliers. 
 
 Another market region includes Arkansas, Missouri and northern Texas. Competition in this region includes the major oil companies and independent refiners. This region is principally supplied by the Gulf Coast refinery center and is also driven by a strong spot market that reacts quickly to changes in the international and national supply balance. 
 
 Another geographic region includes Colorado, Idaho, Montana, western North Dakota, western South Dakota, Utah and Wyoming. Competition at the wholesale level in this region includes the major oil companies and independent refiners. 
 
 The fifth region includes much of Oregon and Washington. We compete with the major oil companies in this region, which is known for volatile prices and an active spot market. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 AG 
 Overview 
 
 Our Ag segment includes global grain and processing, ag retail (formerly referred to as country operations) and wholesale agronomy businesses. These businesses work together to facilitate production, purchase, sale and eventual use of grain and other agricultural products within the United States and internationally. In fiscal 2024, revenues in our Ag segment were 30.4 billion after elimination of intersegment revenues. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Global grain and processing. We are the nation's largest cooperative marketer of grain and oilseed based on grain sales. Our global grain marketing operations purchase grain directly from agricultural producers and elevator operators primarily in the midwestern and western United States and indirectly through our ag retail business. Purchased grain is typically contracted for sale for future delivery at a specified location, and we are responsible for handling the grain and either arranging for or facilitating its transportation to that location. We own and operate export terminals, river terminals and elevators throughout the United States to handle and transport grain and grain products. We also maintain locations in Europe, the Middle East, the Pacific Rim and South America for marketing, merchandising and/or sourcing grains and crop nutrients. We primarily conduct our global grain marketing operations directly, but do conduct some of our operations through joint ventures, including TEMCO, LLC ("TEMCO"), a 50 -owned joint venture with Cargill, Incorporated ("Cargill"), that focuses on exports, primarily to Asia. 
 
 Our processing business includes our oilseed processing and renewable fuels production businesses. Oilseed processing is conducted at facilities that crush approximately 144 million bushels of soybeans and canola on an annual basis, producing approximately 3 million short tons of meal and flour and 1.9 billion pounds of edible and inedible oil annually. We purchase oilseeds to be processed from members, other CHS businesses and third parties that have tightly integrated connections with our global grain marketing operations and ag retail business. Our renewable fuels business produces 261 million gallons of fuel-grade ethanol, 70 million pounds of inedible corn oil and 658,000 tons of dried distillers grains with solubles ("DDGS") annually. Renewable fuels produced by our production plants are marketed by our global grain marketing business, along with more than 450 million gallons of ethanol and 5 million tons of DDGS annually under marketing agreements with ethanol production plants. 
 
 Ag retail. Our ag retail business operates 420 agri-operations locations through 27 business units dispersed throughout the midwestern and western United States. Most of these locations purchase grain from farmers and sell agronomy, energy, feed and seed products to those same producers and others, although not all locations provide every product and service. We also manufacture animal feed through nine owned plants and three limited liability companies. 
 
 Wholesale agronomy. Our wholesale agronomy business includes our wholesale crop nutrients and wholesale crop protection businesses. Our wholesale crop nutrients business delivers products directly to our customers and our ag retail business from the manufacturer or through our 11 warehouse terminals and other nonowned storage facilities located throughout the United States. To supplement what is purchased domestically, our Galveston, Texas, deepwater port and terminal receives fertilizer from vessels originating in Europe and Asia where significant volumes of urea are produced. The fertilizer is then shipped by rail to destinations within crop-producing regions of the United States. Our wholesale crop protection business operates out of our network of 28 warehouses from which we deliver products directly to our member cooperatives and independent retailers. We also operate a bulk chemical rail terminal in Brooten, Minnesota, where we handle and store crop protection products for some of the crop protection industry's largest chemical manufacturers. This facility has more than 6 million gallons of chemical storage capacity. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 Our Ag segment provides member cooperatives and farmers with the inputs and services they need to produce grain and raise livestock. These include seed, crop nutrients, crop protection products, animal feed, animal health products, refined fuels and propane. We also buy and merchandise grain in both domestic and international markets. With a portion of the grain we purchase, we produce renewable fuels, including ethanol, and DDGS. We also produce refined soy and canola oils, soybean meal, canola meal and soyflour at our processing facilities. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing: Customers 
 
 Our Ag segment provides products and services to a wide range of customers, primarily in the United States. These customers include member and nonmember producers, member cooperatives, elevators, grain dealers, grain processors and crop nutrient and crop protection retailers. We sell our edible soy and canola oils and soyflour to food companies and our inedible oils may be sold to energy companies. The soybean meal and canola meal we produce is sold to integrated livestock producers and feed mills. The ethanol and DDGS we produce are sold throughout the United States and to international customers. 
 
 Industry: Competition 
 
 Most of the business activities in our Ag segment are highly seasonal and, consequently, the operating results for our Ag segment vary throughout the year. For example, our ag retail business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the spring planting and fall harvest seasons and our agronomy business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the spring planting season. In addition, our Ag segment operations may be adversely affected by relative levels of supply and demand, both domestic and international, commodity price levels and transportation costs and conditions. Supply is affected by weather conditions, plant disease, insect damage, acreage planted, wars and civil unrest, and government regulations and policies. Demand may be affected by foreign governments and their programs, relationships of foreign countries with the United States, affluence of foreign countries, wars and civil unrest, currency exchange fluctuations and substitution of commodities. Demand may also be affected by changes in eating habits, population growth, per capita consumption of some products, federal and state policies, and renewable fuels production levels and state and federal incentives. 
 
 Regulation. Our Ag operations are subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment that are administered by the EPA, DOT and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern, among other things, discharge of materials into the environment, including air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; transportation, handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; labeling of pesticides and similar substances; and investigation and remediation of the release of hazardous materials. In addition, environmental laws impose a liability on owners and operators for investigation and remediation of contaminated property and on a party that sends hazardous materials to those contaminated properties for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling. In some instances, that liability exists regardless of fault. Our global grain and processing and ag retail businesses are also subject to laws and related regulations and rules administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and other federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies that govern processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, and quality and safety of feed and grain products. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and rules could subject us to administrative penalties, injunctive relief, civil remedies and possible product recalls. The hedging transactions and activities of our global grain and processing and ag retail businesses are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use and to the governing bodies, such as the CME, the Chicago Board of Trade ("CBOT"), the Minneapolis Grain Exchange ("MGEX") and the CFTC. 
 
 Competition. In our Ag segment, we have significant competition in the businesses in which we operate based principally on price, services, quality, patronage and alternative products. Our businesses depend on relationships with member cooperatives and private retailers; proximity to customers and producers; competitive pricing; and safety of food, feed and grain products. We compete with other large distributors of agricultural products, as well as with regional or local distributors, cooperatives, retailers and manufacturers. 

NITROGEN PRODUCTION 
 Overview 
 
 Our Nitrogen Production segment consists of our approximate 8.4 membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen, our strategic venture with CF Industries Holdings, Inc. ("CF Industries"), and allocated expenses. In connection with our investment in CF Nitrogen, we entered into a supply agreement with CF Nitrogen that entitles us to purchase up to 1.1 million tons of granular urea and 580,000 tons of urea ammonium nitrate ("UAN") annually for ratable delivery through fiscal 2096. We account for our CF Nitrogen investment using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method. On August 31, 2024, our investment was approximately 2.5 billion. See Note 6, Investments , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 We believe our investment in CF Nitrogen positions CHS and our members for long-term, dependable fertilizer supply, supply chain efficiency and production economics. In addition, the ability to source products from CF Nitrogen production facilities under our supply agreement benefits our members and customers through strategically positioned access to essential fertilizer products. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Operations 
 
 CF Nitrogen has six production facilities located in Donaldsonville, Louisiana; Port Neal, Iowa; Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada; Yazoo City, Mississippi; and Woodward and Verdigris, Oklahoma. Natural gas is the principal raw material and primary fuel source used in the ammonia production process. CF Nitrogen has access to competitively priced natural gas through a reliable network of pipelines connected to major natural gas trading hubs near its production facilities. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 CF Nitrogen produces nitrogen-based products, including methanol, UAN, urea and related products. 
 
 Sales and Marketing: Customers 
 
 CF Nitrogen has three customers, which are CHS and two consolidated subsidiaries of CF Industries. 
 
 Industry: Competition 
 
 Regulation . CF Nitrogen is subject to laws and related regulations and rules designed to protect the environment administered by the EPA and similar government agencies. These laws, regulations and rules govern, among other things, discharge of materials into the environment, including air and water; reporting storage of hazardous wastes and other hazardous materials; handling and disposal of wastes and other materials; and investigation and remediation of the release of hazardous materials. In addition, environmental laws impose a liability on owners and operators for investigation and remediation of contaminated property and on a party that sends hazardous materials to those contaminated properties for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling. In some instances, that liability exists regardless of fault. 
 
 Competition . CF Nitrogen competes primarily on delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on customer service and product quality. CF Nitrogen competes domestically with large companies in the fertilizer industry. There is also significant competition from products sourced from other regions of the world. 

CORPORATE AND OTHER 
 
 CHS Capital . Our wholly-owned financing subsidiary, CHS Capital, LLC ("CHS Capital"), provides member cooperatives with loans that meet commercial agriculture needs. These loans include operating, term, revolving and other short- and long-term options. CHS Capital also provides loans to individual producers for crop inputs, feed and hedging-related margin calls. Producer operating loans are also offered in strategic geographic regions. 
 
 CHS Hedging . Our wholly-owned commodity brokerage subsidiary, CHS Hedging, LLC ("CHS Hedging"), is a registered, CFTC-regulated futures commission merchant ("FCM") and a clearing member of the CBOT, CME, NYMEX and MGEX. CHS Hedging provides consulting services and commodity risk management services primarily in the grains, oilseeds, fertilizer, livestock, dairy and energy markets. CHS Hedging is also the FCM for the majority of our commodity futures trading. 
 
 Foods. Ventura Foods is a joint venture between CHS and Mitsui Co., with each company owning 50 interest. Ventura Foods produces and distributes edible oil-based products. We account for our investment in Ventura Foods using the equity method of accounting, and the investment balance was equal to 511.2 million on August 31, 2024. See Note 6, Investments , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Wheat milling. Ardent Mills, the largest flour miller in the United States, is a joint venture of CHS, Cargill and Conagra Brands, Inc. ("Conagra"). In connection with the Ardent Mills joint venture, CHS, Cargill and Conagra have various ancillary and noncompete agreements including, among other things, an agreement for us to supply Ardent Mills with certain wheat and durum products. We hold a 12 interest in Ardent Mills and account for our investment as an equity method investment due to our ability to exercise significant influence by appointing a member of the board of shareholders and board of managers of Ardent Mills. On August 31, 2024, our investment in Ardent Mills was 234.0 million. See Note 6, Investments , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our human capital resources objectives include identifying, attracting, retaining, developing, incentivizing and onboarding our current and new employees. We monitor our progress toward these objectives by measuring human capital metrics such as engagement, total and regrettable turnover, hiring statistics and overall cost of human resources delivery. In addition to these objectives, we also promote a culture focused on our value of inclusion, provide learning and development opportunities, help maintain the health and safety of our employees, encourage community involvement and offer competitive pay and benefits. Additional information regarding our employee population and human capital strategies is described below. 
 
 Employee population . On August 31, 2024, we had 10,730 full-time, part-time, temporary and seasonal employees, primarily in the United States. Of that total, 2,426 were employed in our Energy segment, 5,859 were employed in our Ag segment and 2,445 were employed in Corporate and Other. In addition to those individuals directly employed by us, many individuals work for or support our joint ventures, including CF Nitrogen in our Nitrogen Production segment and Ventura Foods and Ardent Mills in our Corporate and Other category, and are not included in these totals. As of August 31, 2024, we had 11 collective bargaining agreements with unions covering approximately 8 of our employees in the United States and expiring on various dates through May 31, 2027. We believe our relations with our employees are strong. We value our employees and believe that employee passion for our work and employee engagement are key elements of our operating performance. 
 
 Inclusion and diversity . The CHS value of inclusion compels us to create a work environment where excellence and growth stem from diverse thinking. Our goal is to foster a workplace where diverse thinking, voices and backgrounds yield better employee experiences, business performance and business outcomes. In addition to working on modeling inclusive behaviors that positively impact our workplace and communities, we follow our enterprisewide strategic plan to improve inclusion and diversity at CHS. We sponsor and support employee resource groups made up of individuals who join together to promote inclusion and diversity, while providing our employees opportunities to strengthen relationships, learn through educational and networking opportunities that focus on development, help local communities and engage with others across CHS. These employee resource groups include Harvest Pride, which promotes a safe, connected and empowered LGBTQA+ community across CHS; Mozaiko, which promotes ethnic diversity and inclusion at CHS while supporting an inclusive environment for all employees; VERG, which provides support, camaraderie and resources for employees formerly or currently serving in the military and their families; Women in Leadership, which supports women in the workplace to grow personally and professionally; and CultivateHER, a cohort within Women in Leadership, which supports women across our Ag segment. 
 
 Learning and development . We are committed to investing in our employees to help them build knowledge, develop skills and achieve their career goals. In addition to regular performance evaluations and annual development plans that provide employees with feedback and growth opportunities, employees at CHS have access to learning tools, programs and other opportunities for growth. These include access to on-demand learning modules; internal and external training programs that cover topics such as continuous improvement, public speaking, professional sales skills and change management; participation in a mentoring program and development coaching; tuition and professional certification reimbursement; as well as other opportunities focused on developing current and future leaders of CHS. 
 
 Health and safety . Safety is one of our core values. At CHS, safety is about more than just following the rules; it is about doing things the right way and remembering that no job is so critical that it warrants safety risks. In addition to safety programs designed specifically for individual facilities with operational hazards related to grain, feed, seed, agronomy, petroleum, warehouses and retail operations, we also provide certain employee groups with additional training opportunities such as a defensive driving program. Beyond developing defined safety programs and training opportunities, we monitor our incident rates in comparison to previous years and industry averages, as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. During fiscal , our Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") incident rate was 2.7 incidents per 100 full-time workers, as compared to an average of 2.9 incidents per 100 full-time workers during the three previous years, a reduction of 8 . Additionally, our lost-time injury rate was 0.9 incidents per 100 full-time workers, which matches our three-year average, and our DOT crash rate remained in the top 10 (most favorable) of all carriers in our industry segment for the third consecutive year. 
 
 Community involvement . As a cooperative, we are committed to making a measurable impact in our communities through our giving investments. In addition to our charitable foundation and annual giving campaign, which provide financial support to our communities, eligible employees also receive paid time off to make a difference in our communities through volunteer activities. During fiscal , we gave approximately 7.3 million in charitable donations through our charitable foundation and corporate giving activities. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and benefits . We have designed our compensation and benefits programs to attract and retain qualified employees and to motivate employees to optimize member-owner returns and to achieve our short- and long-term strategies. In addition to offering competitive compensation that includes annual variable pay linked to company and individual employee performance, we also offer a wide array of benefits programs that include health insurance and wellness benefits; retirement benefits, including a company-matched 401(k) contribution and a pension for qualifying employees; paid time off and family leave; and employee assistance programs, including adoption assistance. 

CHS AUTHORIZED CAPITAL 
 
 We are an agricultural membership cooperative organized under Minnesota cooperative law to do business with member and nonmember patrons. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS 
 OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains and our other publicly available documents may contain, and our officers, directors and other representatives may from time to time make, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "goal," "seek," "believe," "project," "estimate," "expect," "strategy," "future," "likely," "may," "should," "will" and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our businesses, financial condition and results of operations, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are discussed or identified in our public filings made with the SEC, including in this "Risk Factors" discussion. Any forward-looking statements made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based only on information currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which the statement is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 
 Reference to this cautionary statement (the "Cautionary Statement") in the context of a forward-looking statement shall be deemed to be a statement that any one or more of the following factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement. 
 
 The following risk factors are in addition to any other cautionary statements, written or oral, which may be made or referred to in connection with any particular forward-looking statement. The following risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Operating Our Business 
 
 Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by changes in commodity prices. 
 
 Our revenues, results of operations and cash flows are affected by market prices for commodities such as crude oil, natural gas, ethanol, fertilizer, grain, oilseed, flour, and crude and refined vegetable oils. Commodity prices generally are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, plant disease, insect damage, drought, availability and adequacy of supply, availability of reliable rail and river transportation networks, industry labor availability, outbreaks of disease, inflation, government regulation and policies, global trade disputes, international conflicts and general political and economic conditions. We are also exposed to fluctuating commodity prices as the result of our inventories of commodities, typically grain, fertilizer and petroleum products, and purchase and sale contracts at fixed or partially fixed prices. At any time, our inventory levels and unfulfilled fixed or partially fixed price contract obligations may be substantial. We have processes in place to monitor exposures to these risks and engage in strategies, such as hedging, to manage these risks. If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, we could be materially and adversely affected. For 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 example, fluctuations in commodity prices may result in significant noncash losses being incurred on our commodity-based derivatives, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, changes in market prices for commodities that we purchase without a corresponding change in the selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. Similarly, increased or decreased sales volumes without a corresponding change in the purchase and/or selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. 
 
 In our energy operations, profitability depends largely on the margin between the cost of crude oil that we refine and the selling prices we obtain for our refined products. The prices for crude oil and for gasoline, diesel fuel and other refined petroleum products fluctuate widely. Factors influencing these prices, many of which are beyond our control, include: 
 
 levels of worldwide and domestic supplies; 
 capacities of domestic and foreign refineries; 
 ability of members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") and other countries that are significant producers of oil to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls, and the price and level of imports; 
 disruption in supply; 
 political instability or conflict in oil-producing regions; 
 levels of energy conservation efforts; 
 level of demand from consumers, agricultural producers and other customers; 
 price and availability of alternative fuels; 
 availability of pipeline capacity; and 
 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes. 
 
 Many of these factors have resulted in significant volatility in crude oil, refined petroleum products and natural gas supplies and prices. We expect that volatility to continue in fiscal 2025. The long-term effects of this volatility and other conditions on the prices of crude oil, refined petroleum products and natural gas are uncertain and ever-changing. Increases in crude oil prices without a corresponding increase in the prices of our refined petroleum products, and decreases in crude oil prices with larger corresponding decreases in the prices of our refined petroleum products, would reduce our net income. Accordingly, we expect our margins and the profitability of our energy business to fluctuate, possibly significantly, over time. Our renewable fuels business produces ethanol, which is closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products, and may be blended into gasoline to increase octane content. Therefore, the selling price of ethanol can be impacted by the selling prices of gasoline, diesel fuel and other octane enhancers. A significant decrease in the price of gasoline, diesel fuel or other octane enhancers could result in a significant decrease in the selling price of ethanol, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating earnings. In addition, we expect the volume of renewable fuels produced by our competitors to increase going forward. As the market for renewable fuels becomes more competitive, or if there are changes in the regulations, policies or standards affecting the demand for renewable fuels, our renewable fuels business may experience increased volatility in product margins, which could adversely affect our operating earnings. 
 
 We are subject to political, economic, legal and other risks of doing business globally. 
 
 We are a global business and are exposed to risks associated with having global operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to terrorism, war or civil unrest; changes in a country's or region's social, economic or political conditions; changes in local labor conditions and regulations; changes in safety and environmental regulations; changes in regulatory or legal environments; expropriation or impoundment of assets; restrictions on currency exchange activities and currency exchange fluctuations; price and export controls or bans on commodities; taxes; doing business in countries or regions with inadequate infrastructure; and logistics challenges. In addition, some countries where we operate lack well-developed legal systems or have not adopted clear legal and regulatory frameworks. This lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risk of adverse actions by local government authorities, such as unilateral or forced renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing agreements or expropriations. 
 
 Ongoing wars and global conflicts may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and in October 2023, conflict escalated in the Middle East between Israel and Hamas, along with the Red Sea. The war between Russia and Ukraine and escalation of conflict in the Middle East have resulted in significant uncertainty and instability in the global commodities markets, including agricultural commodities and crude oil. In response to the Russia-Ukraine war, the United States and other North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") member states, as well as nonmember states, announced economic sanctions targeting Russia and certain Russian citizens and enterprises, including several large banks. Continuation of the war may trigger a series of additional economic and other 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 sanctions enacted by the United States, other NATO member states and other countries. In response, Russia has announced export bans on various products, including agricultural commodities. Although we do not maintain operations in Russia, it is a significant source of fertilizer for global markets. Such sanctions have caused inflationary pressures and impacted our ability to purchase fertilizer in the global market. If our ability to purchase fertilizer in the global market continues to be impacted by those sanctions or by other factors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. In addition, such sanctions put us at increased risk of inadvertently trading with a sanctioned partner. 
 
 We maintain limited operations in Ukraine, which is a key international grain-originating region. Our operations in Ukraine have been dramatically disrupted because of the war; however, we continue to originate grain in Ukraine for safe transit through our Romanian export channels. The ongoing war could cause harm to our employees and otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time, as well as disrupt telecommunications systems, banks and other critical infrastructure necessary to conduct business in Ukraine. 
 
 The risk of cybersecurity incidents has also increased in connection with the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, including cyberattacks against the Ukrainian government and other countries in the region. It is possible that these attacks could have collateral effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally, which could adversely affect our operations. Proliferation of malware from the war into systems unrelated to the war, or cyberattacks against U.S. companies in retaliation for U.S. sanctions against Russia or U.S. support of Ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations. 
 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine and escalation of conflict in the Middle East could also draw military or other intervention from additional countries, which could lead to much larger wars, conflicts and/or additional sanctions imposed by the United States government and other governments that restrict business with specific persons, organizations or countries with respect to certain products or services. If such escalation should occur or such sanctions are imposed, supply chains, trade routes and markets currently served by us could be adversely affected, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Furthermore, the actions undertaken by western nations in response to Russia's actions have had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on global financial markets. 
 
 We may also experience negative reactions from our members, shareholders, lenders, employees, customers or other stakeholders as a result of our action or inaction related to the war between Russia and Ukraine or the escalation of conflict in the Middle East. 
 
 Even if the war and global conflicts moderate or resolutions are reached, we expect that we will continue to experience ongoing financial and operational impacts resulting from these conflicts for the foreseeable future. Additionally, certain of the economic and other sanctions imposed, or that may be imposed, against participants in the war and global conflicts and its citizens and enterprises may continue for a period of time after any resolution has been reached. 
 
 Our business and operations and demand for our products are highly dependent on certain global and regional factors that are outside our control and could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographics and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. A significant downturn in global economic growth or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions may lead to reduced demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in financial and capital markets may adversely impact the financial condition and liquidity of some of our customers, suppliers, the financial institutions that serve as our lenders and other counterparties, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers' abilities to pay for our products and on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Additionally, planted acreage and consequently the volume of crop nutrient and crop protection products applied, is partially dependent on government programs, grain prices and the perception held by producers of demand for production, all of which are outside our control. Moreover, our business and operations may be affected by fluctuations in freight and logistics costs, disruptions in supply channels between parties and locations that include our suppliers, production and storage facilities, tolling and packaging partners, distributors and customers, and weather conditions, including those due to climate change, that are outside our control. The following are examples of factors that could impact our businesses. 
 
 Weather conditions during the spring planting season and early summer crop nutrient and crop protection application season affect agronomy product volumes and profitability. 
 Adverse weather conditions, such as drought, heavy snowfall or rainfall and any flooding that results, may cause transportation delays and increased transportation costs or damage physical assets, especially facilities in low-lying areas near coasts and riverbanks or situated in hurricane-prone and/or rain-susceptible regions. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in weather patterns may shift periods of demand for products or regions in which our products are produced or distributed, which could require us to revise our procurement and distribution processes. 
 Significant changes in water levels (up or down, as a result of flooding, drought or otherwise), including recent low water levels in the U.S. river system and in the Panama Canal (which have delayed shipping in these locations resulting in an increase in shipping costs), may cause changes in agricultural activity, which could require changes to our operating and distribution activities, as well as significant capital improvements to our facilities. 
 Climate change may cause changes in weather patterns and conditions, including changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changes in sea levels and changes in temperature levels, all of which could adversely impact our costs and business operations; the location, cost and competitiveness of commodity agricultural production; related storage and processing facilities; dock availability; and demand for agricultural commodities, and may result in incidents of stranded physical assets. The frequency and severity of the effects of climate change and changes in weather patterns have been increasing. These effects could significantly reduce demand for the products we sell to or buy from agricultural producers and local cooperatives, and therefore could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 
 We may experience increased insurance premiums and deductibles or decreases in available coverage for our assets in areas subject to adverse weather conditions. 
 
 Additionally, there will likely be increased strains on and risks to the integrity, reliability and resilience of electrical grids and increased volatility and tightness in natural gas and electricity supplies across the world. These events could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies and may cause sporadic outages disrupting our operations. Growing electrification and rapidly developing and increasing technology use (such as artificial intelligence, computer processing, cryptocurrency mining and cloud storage and the data centers and power supplies required to support these activities) will also likely increase the intermittency and decrease the reliability of electricity supplies, particularly for grids highly dependent upon wind and solar power, which would exacerbate the foregoing challenges. Emerging sustainability, new regulations and other environmental priorities outside our control could also affect agricultural practices and future demand for agronomy products applied to crops and the volume of any such application. These priorities could also impact demand for our grain and energy products, and may require us to incur additional costs for increased due diligence and reporting. Accordingly, factors outside our control could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Inflation may result in increased costs, which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have experienced and anticipate continued effects of inflation on costs such as labor, freight, natural gas and materials. In response to global inflationary pressures, the U.S. Federal Reserve and foreign equivalents have maintained higher interest rates, which has resulted in continued uncertainty and volatility in global financial markets and increased borrowing costs under certain of our credit facilities, including our five-year revolving credit facility and our 10-year term loan facility. Inflation and its impacts, many of which are beyond our control, could escalate in the future. To mitigate commodity cost increases, we have implemented various strategies that include, among other things, entering into contracted pricing with certain vendors, procuring commodities in periods of favorable market conditions and entering into various derivative instruments. These actions may, in part, mitigate these increased costs, but even by increasing our product prices and passing some or all of our increased costs to customers or implementing cost saving efforts, we may not be able to fully offset these increased costs. Additionally, increased prices may not be sustainable over time and may result in reduced sales volumes. Accordingly, inflationary pressures could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. There can be no guarantee that our efforts to mitigate commodity cost increases due to inflationary pressures will be effective or, if they are effective, that they will have a material impact on maintaining or reducing costs. 
 
 We participate in highly competitive business markets and we may not be able to continue to compete successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We operate in highly competitive business segments and our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products that are better than ours, may be more successful in marketing and selling their products than we are, or may have more effective supply chain capabilities than we have. Competitive factors include price, service level, proximity to markets, access to transportation, product quality, marketing and risk management. In particular, competitive pressures may restrict our ability to increase prices and maintain those price increases, including price increases made in response to commodity and other cost increases. We may experience delays between the time that we take inflation-related pricing actions and the time that we realize the impact of those actions on our margins and results of operations. In our business segments, we compete with companies that are larger and better known than we are and have greater marketing, financial, personnel and other resources than we do. For example, in conjunction with the recent increase in demand for renewable diesel feedstocks, we have experienced added competition for soybean oil refining capacity from traditional petroleum companies. As a result, we may not 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 be able to continue to compete successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our revenues, margins, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if our members were to do business with other companies rather than with us. 
 
 We do not have an exclusive relationship with our members, and our members are not obligated to supply us with their products or purchase products from us. Our members often have a variety of distribution outlets and product sources available to them. If our members were to sell their products to other purchasers or purchase products from other sellers, our revenues and margins would decline and our results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If our customers choose alternatives to our refined petroleum products, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Numerous energy sources could serve as alternatives to our gasoline, diesel fuel and other refined petroleum products. If any of these alternative products become more economically viable or preferable to our customers for environmental or other reasons, demand for our energy products would decline. In addition, many governments have imposed, and in the future may impose, policies and regulations aimed at decreasing reliance on petroleum-based products, which could reduce demand for our energy products. In addition, a number of companies have announced their intention to phase out production of gasoline- and diesel-powered light-duty vehicles by the mid-2030s. While these phaseouts primarily impact light-duty vehicles outside our primary markets, they are expected to accelerate the decline in demand for gasoline, diesel fuel and other refined petroleum products. Declining demand for our energy products, particularly diesel fuel sold for farming and other heavy-duty equipment applications, could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Consolidation among producers of products we purchase and customers for products we sell could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Consolidation has occurred among the producers and manufacturers of products we sell and purchase, including crude oil, crop nutrients and grain, and it is highly likely this consolidation will continue in the future. Consolidation could allow producers to negotiate pricing, supply availability and other contract terms that are less favorable to us. In addition, consolidation may increase the likelihood that consumers or end users of these products enter into supply relationships with a smaller number of producers, resulting in potentially higher prices for the products we purchase. 
 
 Consolidation has occurred among member cooperatives that are the primary wholesale customers of our products, which has resulted in a smaller wholesale and retail customer base for our products and has intensified the competition for these customers. It is highly likely this consolidation will continue in the future. Ongoing consolidation among distributors and brokers of food products and food retailers has altered the buying patterns of those businesses, as they have increasingly elected to work with product suppliers who can meet their needs nationwide or globally, rather than just regionally or locally. If these cooperatives, distributors, brokers and retailers elect to not purchase our products, our revenues, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 In seed, crop nutrient and crop protection markets, consolidation at both the producer and wholesale customer levels has increased potential for direct sales from input manufacturers to cooperative customers and/or individual agricultural producers, which would remove us from the supply chain and could have a material and adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to risk of nonperformance and nonpayment by counterparties. 
 
 We are exposed to risk of nonperformance and nonpayment by counterparties, whether pursuant to contracts or otherwise. Risk of nonperformance and nonpayment by counterparties includes the inability or refusal of a counterparty to pay us; the inability or refusal to perform because of a counterparty's financial condition and liquidity, operational failures, labor issues, cybersecurity events, outbreaks of disease or for any other reason; and risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform a contract during a period of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different than current market prices. In the event we experience significant nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. For example, we store inventory in third-party warehouses, and the operators of these warehouses may not adequately store or secure our inventory, or they may improperly sell that inventory to someone else, which could expose us to loss of the value of that inventory. In the event we experience any such nonperformance by a third-party warehouse operator, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. As another example, if any of our counterparties experience a cybersecurity breach or system 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 failure or does not respond or perform effectively in connection with such cybersecurity breach or system failure, their businesses could be negatively impacted, and it may result in disruption to our supply chain or distribution channels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our business, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults by, third parties who owe us money. 
 
 We extend credit to, make loans to and engage in other financing arrangements with individual producers, local cooperatives and other third parties around the world. We incur credit risk and the risk of losses if our borrowers and others to which we extend credit do not repay their loans or perform their obligations to pay us the money they owe. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or for other reasons. If these counterparties do not pay us back and we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We are also subject to the risk that our rights against borrowers and other third parties that owe us money may not be enforceable in all circumstances. For example, a borrower or third-party may declare bankruptcy. In addition, the credit quality of borrowers and other third parties whose obligations we hold could deteriorate due to a number of factors, including deterioration in the value of collateral posted by those parties to secure their obligations to us pursuant to purchase contracts, loan agreements or other contracts. If deterioration occurs, the material adverse effects of third parties not performing their repayment obligations may be exacerbated if the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount owed to us. For example, certain loans and other financing arrangements we undertake with agricultural producers are typically secured by the counterparty's crops planted in the current year. There is a risk that the value of the crop will not be sufficient to satisfy the counterparty's repayment obligations under the financing arrangement as a result of weather; crop-growing conditions; other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities; or for other reasons. 
 
 In addition, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral we are entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. Termination of contracts and foreclosure on collateral may subject us to claims for improper exercise of our rights. Default rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral increase significantly in times of market stress and illiquidity. 
 
 With respect to our lending activity, we evaluate the collectability of commercial and producer loans on a specific identification basis based on the amount and quality of the collateral obtained and record specific loan loss reserves when appropriate. Consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), we maintain a general reserve based on our best estimate of expected credit losses. For other forms of credit, we establish reserves as appropriate and consistent with U.S. GAAP. The reserves represent our best estimate based on current facts and circumstances. Future developments or changes in assumptions may cause us to record adjustments to the reserves that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our risk management strategies may not be effective. 
 
 Our business is affected by fluctuations in commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We monitor position limits, accounts receivables and other exposures and engage in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. Our monitoring efforts may not be effective at detecting a significant risk exposure and our controls and strategies may not be effective in adequately managing against occurrence of a significant loss relating to a risk exposure. If our controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating or preventing our financial exposure to losses due to the fluctuations or failures mentioned above, it could significantly and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Actual or perceived quality, safety or health risks associated with our products could subject us to significant liability and damage our business and reputation. 
 
 If any of our food or animal feed products were to become adulterated or misbranded, we may need to recall those items and could experience product liability claims if either consumers or customers' livestock or pets were injured or were claimed to be injured as a result. A widespread product recall or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time or could cause a loss of consumer or customer confidence in our products. Even if a product liability claim were unsuccessful or were not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our business and reputation with existing and potential consumers and customers and our corporate and brand image. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers has greatly increased the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. Moreover, product liability claims or liabilities might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. In addition, general public perceptions regarding the quality, safety or health risks associated with particular food or animal feed products, such as concerns regarding genetically modified crops, could reduce demand and prices for some of the products associated with our businesses. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products produced by CHS or our members for health or other reasons, such as the growing demand for organic food products and products that are sustainably grown and made, including low-carbon grain and oilseed, and we are unable to develop or procure products that satisfy new consumer preferences, there will be decreased demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our operations are subject to business interruptions, casualty losses and supply chain issues. We do not insure against all potential losses and could be seriously harmed by unanticipated liabilities. 
 
 Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to unanticipated events such as explosions, fires, other natural disasters, war, terrorism, cyberattacks, industrial accidents, pipeline interruptions, transportation delays, equipment failures, crude oil or refined product spills, adverse weather conditions and labor disputes. The following statements are examples of potential interruptions or losses. 
 
 Our oil refineries and other facilities are potential targets for terrorist attacks that could halt or discontinue production. 
 Our inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with unionized workers in our operations could result in strikes or work stoppages. 
 Our corporate headquarters, the facilities we own and the inventories we carry could be damaged or destroyed by catastrophic events, adverse weather conditions or contamination. 
 Our transportation operations, equipment and services could experience disruptions such as adverse operating conditions on the inland waterway system or on the seas with respect to oceangoing vessels. 
 Someone may accidentally or intentionally introduce malware to our information technology systems or breach our computer systems or other cybersecurity resources. 
 Occurrence of a pandemic or epidemic disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could affect a substantial part of our workforce or our customers and interrupt our business operations. 
 
 The effects of any of these events could be significant. We maintain insurance coverage against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from these operating hazards, but uninsured losses or losses above our coverage limits are possible. Uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating hazards could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, our insurance premiums could increase or insurance coverage may become unavailable to us, particularly if we experience insurable events. 
 
 We may also be impacted by supply chain issues, due to factors largely beyond our control, which could escalate in future periods. Any such issues could result in higher costs or operational disruptions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business and operations have been, and may in the future, be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of disease and other adverse public health developments. 
 
 Epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks of novel diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries and states where we operate may arise at any time. Such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These effects include a potentially negative impact on the availability of our key personnel; labor shortages and increased turnover; temporary closures of our facilities or facilities of our members, business partners, customers, suppliers, third-party service providers or other vendors; and interruption of domestic and global supply chains, distribution channels and liquidity and capital or financial markets. In particular, restrictions on or disruptions of transportation, port closures or increased border controls or closures, or other impacts on domestic and global supply chains or distribution channels could increase our costs for raw materials and commodity costs, increase demand for raw materials and commodities from competing purchasers, limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows. Precautionary measures we may take in the future intended to limit the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, disease outbreak or other public health development, may result in additional costs. In addition, such epidemics, pandemics, disease outbreaks or other public health developments may adversely affect economies and financial markets throughout the world, which may affect our ability to obtain additional financing for our businesses and demand for our products and services. The impact of such developments may also exacerbate the other risks discussed in this Item 1A, any of which could have a material effect on us. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Like most companies in the agricultural industry, we are continuously challenged to hire, develop and retain a sufficient number of employees to operate our businesses throughout our operating geographies. We may have difficulty recruiting and retaining employees with adequate qualifications and experience. The challenge of hiring new employees is exacerbated by the rural nature of our business, which provides a smaller pool of skilled employable candidates. A number of other factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us, including changes in the labor market as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other socioeconomic and demographic changes, high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies and other government regulations, unemployment programs and volatility in macroeconomic factors impacting the labor market. Moreover, there continues to be a tight labor market despite the COVID-19 pandemic having largely subsided. Increases in remote work opportunities have also amplified the competition for employees and contractors. To hire new employees, we may be forced to pay higher wages or offer other benefits that might impact our cost of labor. Furthermore, when we hire new employees, lengthy training and orientation periods might be required before they are able to achieve necessary productivity levels, and we may be unable to successfully transfer our other employees' institutional knowledge and skills to them or fail to execute on internal succession plans. In addition, a competitive labor market may lead to increased turnover rates within our employee base. Increased employee turnover results in significant time and expense relating to identifying recruiting, hiring, relocating and integrating qualified individuals. High employee turnover of key personnel may further deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. These or other workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Technological improvements and sustainability initiatives could decrease demand for our agronomy and energy products. 
 
 Technological advances in agriculture, as well as sustainability initiatives and practices, could decrease the demand for crop nutrients, energy and other crop input products and services we provide. Genetically engineered seeds that resist disease and insects, or that meet certain nutritional requirements, could affect the demand for our seed, crop nutrients and crop protection products. Demand for fuel we sell could decline as technology allows for more efficient usage of equipment or should alternative energy sources become more viable due to technological advances. Declining demand for our products could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We utilize information technology systems to support our business. The ongoing multiyear implementation of an enterprisewide resource planning system, reliance on multiple legacy business systems as well as third-party data management providers and other vendors, security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems or assets could interfere with our operations, compromise the security of our customers' or suppliers' information and expose us to liability that could adversely impact our business and reputation. 
 
 Our operations rely on certain key information technology ("IT") systems, many of which are legacy in nature or may depend on third-party services to provide critical connections of data, information and services for internal and external users. 
 
 Over the past several years, we have been implementing a new enterprise resource planning system ("ERP"), and we expect this ERP implementation to continue for the next several years. This ERP implementation has required and will continue to require significant capital and human resources to deploy. Changes we have experienced in the implementation timeline and scope likely have impacted the capital and operating expense amounts required to complete the implementation, and there can be no assurance that the actual costs for completing the ERP implementation will not exceed our current estimates or that the ERP will not take longer to implement than we currently expect. In addition, potential flaws in implementing the ERP or in the failure of any portion/module of the ERP to meet our needs or provide appropriate controls may pose risks to our ability to operate successfully and efficiently and with an effective system of internal controls. 
 
 There may be other challenges and risks to both our aging and current IT systems over time due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, availability of resources, power outages, security breaches or social engineering and cyberattacks. Additionally, development of new technologies such as generative artificial intelligence ("AI") is progressing at an unprecedented pace, which brings risks that could subject us to loss through various technical, legal and opportunistic-related risks. These challenges and risks could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties, disruption in operations, loss of valuable data, increased costs and damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business. Our ongoing IT investments include those relating to cybersecurity, including technology, hired expertise and cybersecurity risk mitigation actions. In addition, IT investments in new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our IT systems to the risk of cyberattacks, especially as use of AI increases sophistication and effectiveness of social engineering and cyberattacks. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The third-party data management providers and other vendors we rely on and cloud-based services we utilize may have or may develop security problems or security vulnerabilities which may also affect our systems or data. We cannot guarantee a data security or privacy breach of their systems or other form of cyber-based attack will not occur in the future. The increase in hybrid working situations, where employees, including third-party employees, access technology infrastructure remotely, increases information technology and data security risks. Like many companies, we continue to experience an increase in the number of sophisticated attempts by external parties to access and/or disrupt our networks without authorization, such as denial of service attacks, attempted malware infections, scanning activity and phishing e-mails. There is no assurance the measures we have taken to protect our information systems will prevent or limit the impact of a future cybersecurity incident. We may incur significant costs protecting against or remediating cyber-based attacks or other cybersecurity incidents and may suffer representational harm. While we maintain a cybersecurity insurance policy that provides coverage for security incidents, we cannot be certain our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on financially reasonable terms or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. These laws and regulations pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and will require us to incur costs to achieve and maintain compliance; some of those costs may be significant. Any violation of such laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach or as a result of adoption of emerging technologies, such as AI, could subject us to legal claims, regulatory penalties and damage to our reputation. For example, the SEC recently adopted the rule, "Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance and Incident Disclosure," enhances and standardizes disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management and governance, as well as material cybersecurity incidents. Under the new rule, we will be required to identify any material cybersecurity incidents on a Form 8-K and make annual disclosures describing our processes for identifying and managing material cybersecurity risks, management's role in assessing and managing such risks and the Board of Directors' oversight of cybersecurity risks. We expect to face increased costs to comply with this new SEC cybersecurity rule, including increased costs for cybersecurity training and management. Furthermore, the requirement to report cybersecurity incidents within such a short time frame could mean there will be insufficient time to halt a breach before having to report it, potentially giving hackers an advantage, and failure to promptly disclose such material incidents as required by law may result in additional financial or regulatory consequences. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to climate change, human capital management, diversity and inclusion, social and community impact, corporate culture and governance standards. Investor advocacy groups, private litigants, government agencies, certain institutional investors, lenders, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments and whether companies should engage in ESG activities. Across industries, investors' and other stakeholders' increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may hinder access to capital or financing, as investors or lenders may determine to reallocate capital or not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company's ESG practices and disclosures. In addition, following recent Supreme Court decisions regarding diversity and inclusion activities those opposed to ESG initiatives have begun challenging ESG activities of other companies. If we do not adapt or comply with investor, lender, private litigant, government agency or stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, which are evolving, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing focus on ESG issues and opposition to ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, we may suffer reputational damage and our business or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Conversely, if we comply with evolving investor, lender and stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, doing so could result in higher costs, disruption and diversion of management attention, increased strain on our resources and heightened legal and regulatory risk, and could also threaten our credibility with other investors, lenders, private litigants, government agencies and stakeholders. Investors, lenders and other stakeholders are also increasingly focused on issues related to environmental justice. This may result in increased scrutiny, protests and negative publicity with respect to our business and operations, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial performance. In addition, ESG has become an increasingly politically charged issue, and "anti-ESG" sentiment and increased scrutiny and skepticism of ESG policies and practices have resulted in, and could continue to result in, additional demands and strains on companies. 
 
 Failures or delays in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. 
 
 Our ability to achieve any of our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving regulatory and other standards, processes and assumptions; the pace of scientific and technological 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 developments; increased costs and the availability of requisite financing; market trends that may alter business opportunities; conduct of third-party counterparties; constraint or disruptions to our supply chain; and changes in carbon markets or carbon taxes. We may be required to expend significant resources to achieve these strategies and expectations, which could significantly increase our operational costs. There can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our strategies or expectations will be achieved or that any future investments we make in furtherance of achieving these strategies or expectations will meet customer or investor expectations. 
 
 While we continue to take steps toward mitigation of climate risk and impact on climate change, transitioning our business to adapt to and comply with evolving policy, legal, and regulatory changes may impose substantial operational and compliance burdens. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations. Collecting, measuring and analyzing information relating to such matters can be costly, time-consuming, dependent on third-party cooperation and unreliable. Furthermore, methodologies for measuring, tracking and reporting on such matters continue to change over time, which requires our processes and controls for such data to evolve. Additionally, we may face increased pressure from customers, consumers, investors, activists, lenders and other stakeholders to modify our products or operations away from ingredients or activities that are considered to have greater negative impact on climate change. 
 
 Such changes to methodologies or lack of progress and failures or delays in our strategies, whether actual or perceived, in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. 
 
 Acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, mergers, divestitures and other nonordinary course-of-business events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies could affect future results. 
 
 We monitor our business portfolio and organizational structure and have made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, mergers, divestitures and changes to our organizational structure. With respect to acquisitions or mergers, future results will be affected by our ability to identify suitable acquisition or merger candidates, to adequately finance any acquisitions or mergers and to integrate acquired or merged businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated financial returns, including synergies. Our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture. Additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, mergers, divestitures, joint ventures or strategic alliances after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions or foregoing other strategic opportunities. 
 
 Several parts of our business, including our nitrogen production business, our foods business and portions of our global grain marketing and wheat milling operations, are operated through joint ventures with third parties where we do not have majority control of the venture. By operating a business through a joint venture, we have less control over business decisions than we have in our subsidiaries and limited liability companies in which we have a controlling interest. In particular, we generally cannot act on major business initiatives in our joint ventures without the consent of the other party or parties in those ventures. Investments in joint ventures may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that co-venturers might experience business or financial stresses that impact their ability to effectively operate the joint venture or might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of the business; in which case the joint venture may be unable to access needed growth capital without funding from us and/or any other remaining co-venturers. Co-venturers may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Our co-venturers may take actions that are not within our control and that may expose our investments in joint ventures to the risk of lower values or returns. Joint venture investments may also lead to impasses. Disputes between us and co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our day-to-day business. In addition, we may in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our co-venturers. Each of these matters could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We have made certain assumptions and projections regarding the future of the markets served by our joint venture investments that include projected raw materiality availability and pricing, production costs, market pricing and demand for the joint venture's products. These assumptions were an integral part of the economics used to evaluate these joint venture investment opportunities prior to consummation. To the extent that actual market performance varies from our models, our ability to achieve projected returns on our joint venture investments may be impacted in a materially adverse manner. For example, assumptions we made in connection with our investment in CF Nitrogen may not align with future demand for nitrogen-based products or the cost or availability of natural gas, the primary feedstock utilized for CF Nitrogen's nitrogen-based products. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 
 Government policies, mandates, regulations and trade agreements could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous government policies, mandates and regulations that could have an adverse effect on our operations or profitability. For example, government policies, mandates and regulations related to genetically modified organisms, traceability standards, sustainable practices, product safety and labeling, and renewable and low-carbon fuels could have an adverse effect on our operations or profitability by, among other things, influencing planting of certain crops, location and extent of crop production, trade of processed and unprocessed commodity products, volumes and types of imports and exports, availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials, and viability and volume of certain of our products. In our Energy segment, government policies, mandates and regulations designed to stop or impede development or production of petroleum-based products, such as those limiting or banning use of hydraulic fracturing, drilling or oilsands production or restricting the sale of new combustion-engine vehicles, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 
 
 We could be the target of claims of false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws, as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. Food product marketing has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive labeling and marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. Changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised nutrition facts labeling, including front-of-pack labeling and serving size regulations) or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The EU deforestation-free regulation ("EUDR"), effective December 2024, will require companies trading in certain commodities, including soybeans, as well as products derived from these commodities, to ensure these commodities and related products do not result from deforestation, forest degradation or breaches of local laws after December 31, 2020, in order to sell such products in the European Union. Failure to comply with the regulation could have serious consequences, including civil, administrative and criminal penalties, as well as negative impact on our reputation, business, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, changes in international trade agreements and trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. In many countries around the world, historical free trade relationships are being challenged, and it is unclear what changes, if any, will be made to international trade agreements that are relevant to our business activities. These actions and uncertainties have led to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the United States and South America, all of which have resulted in reduced volumes of grain exports overall and have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. Changes in trade policy, withdrawals from or material modifications to relevant international trade agreements and continued uncertainty could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers and customers, and we cannot predict the effects of future trade policies, disputes or agreements on our business. Tariffs and trade restrictions that are implemented on products that we buy and/or sell could increase the cost of those products or adversely affect market access. These cost increases and market changes could adversely affect demand for our products and reduce margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our earnings. In addition, the U.S. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries, such as the economic sanctions that were imposed by the U.S. government on Russia and certain of its citizens and enterprises in connection with Russia's war with Ukraine. These restrictions and those of other governments could limit our ability to gain access to business opportunities in various countries. 
 
 Changes in federal income tax laws or in our tax status, or changes to tax rules in jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase our tax liability and reduce our net income significantly. 
 
 Current federal income tax laws, regulations and interpretations, including those specific to taxation of cooperatives, provide us certain income tax benefits such as allowing us to exclude income generated through business with or for a member (patronage-sourced income) from our taxable income to the extent it is distributed back to our members. We continue to monitor potential changes to federal income tax laws, regulations or interpretations, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R. 5376, to evaluate their potential impact on our business, tax position and financial results. If in the future, for example, we were to be subject to a corporate alternative minimum tax, or we were not eligible to be taxed as a cooperative, our tax liability would significantly increase and our net income would significantly decrease. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We incur significant costs in complying with applicable laws and regulations. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or to make capital or other investments necessary to comply with these laws and regulations, could expose us to unanticipated expenditures and liabilities. 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local provisions regulating our business and operations. We incur and expect to incur significant capital and operating expenses to comply with these laws and regulations. We may be unable to pass on those expenses to customers without experiencing volume and margin losses. For example, the compliance burden and impact on our operations and profitability as a result of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") and related regulations continue to evolve, as federal agencies have implemented and continue to implement the act's many provisions through regulation. These efforts to change regulation of financial markets subject users of derivatives, such as CHS, to extensive oversight and regulation by the CFTC. Such initiatives have imposed and may continue to impose additional costs on us, including operating and compliance costs, and the cost of fines or penalties in the event we do not comply, and could materially affect the availability, as well as the cost and terms, of certain transactions. Certain federal regulations addressing Dodd-Frank are still being implemented and others are being finalized. We will continue to monitor these developments. In addition, new laws and regulations that are applicable to us or our businesses may be adopted, and a change in the U.S. government's administration and its policies may increase the likelihood of such legal and regulatory developments. If new laws or regulations become applicable to us or our businesses, our compliance costs could increase. Any of the above matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We establish reserves for the future cost of known compliance obligations, such as remediation of identified environmental issues. However, these reserves may prove inadequate to meet our actual liability. Moreover, amended, new or more stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements or discovery of currently unknown compliance issues may require us to make material expenditures or subject us to liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. Furthermore, our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, including fines and injunctions, criminal fines and penalties, and recalls of our products. For example, we regularly maintain hedges to manage price risks associated with our commercial operations. These transactions typically take place on exchanges such as the CME. Our hedging transactions and activities are subject to the rules and regulations of the exchanges we use and governing bodies, including the CME, NYMEX, CBOT, MGEX and CFTC. All exchanges have broad powers to review required records, to investigate and enforce compliance and to punish noncompliance by entities subject to their jurisdiction. Failure to comply with such rules and regulations could lead to restrictions on our trading activities or subject us to enforcement action by the CFTC or a disciplinary action by the exchanges, which could lead to substantial fines or penalties or limitations on our related operations. In addition, any investigation or proceeding by an exchange or the CFTC, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We are subject to extensive anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-kickback and trade laws and regulations, and any noncompliance with those laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We operate on a global basis and are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 as amended ("FCPA"). The FCPA and other similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries or agents from making improper payments to government officials or any other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances strict compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations may conflict with local customs and practices. In addition, in certain countries, we engage third-party agents or intermediaries to act on our behalf and/or conduct all or a portion of our operations through joint venture partners, including in those countries with a high risk of corruption. If any of these third parties violate applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-kickback laws or regulations, we may be liable for those violations. We have policies in place prohibiting employees from making or authorizing improper payments; we train our employees regarding compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations; and we utilize procedures to identify and mitigate risks of such misconduct by our employees, third-party agents, intermediaries and joint venture partners. However, we cannot provide assurances that our employees, third-party agents, intermediaries or joint venture partners will comply with those policies, laws and regulations. If we are found liable for violations of the FCPA or other similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-kickback laws or regulations, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence or due to the acts or inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions, including reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection, the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or actual violation of these laws or regulations by us or our employees may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation, and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our import and export abilities. Furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the United States and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the way existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted. 
 
 Environmental and energy laws and regulations may result in increased operating costs and capital expenditures, and may have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 
 New and current environmental and energy laws and regulations, including regulations relating to alternative energy sources and the risk of global climate change, new interpretations of existing environmental and energy laws and regulations, increased governmental enforcement of environmental and energy laws and regulations, or other developments in these areas could require us to make additional unforeseen expenditures on technologies and/or other assets to continue our operations or cause unforeseen changes to our operations, either of which could adversely affect us. For example, in December 2015, 195 countries adopted a new international agreement known as the Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement is intended to provide a framework pursuant to which the parties to the agreement will attempt to hold the increase in global average temperatures below 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels. Participation in the Paris Agreement is subject to the concurrence of the United States government executive branch administration then in office. As a result, adherence to the Paris Agreement may vary by administration. The current administration is supportive of the Paris Agreement. Executive orders issued by the current administration, actions by various U.S. federal regulatory agencies, enactment of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and the current administration's announced goal of halving U.S. greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 2030 and reaching net-zero emissions by 2050 are also evidence of the current United States administration's intent to undertake numerous initiatives in an effort to reduce GHGs. New federal legislation or regulatory programs that restrict emissions of GHGs, such as cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, windfall taxes, penalties on fossil fuel companies, restrictive permitting, increased fuel efficiency standards or mandates for renewable energy, or comparable new state legislation or programs or customer requirements in areas where we or our customers conduct business could adversely affect our operations and the demand for our energy products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Some customers and third-parties we do business with have begun requesting product-specific GHG emissions disclosures from us in connection with their own GHG emissions reporting. 
 
 In addition, new legislation, regulatory programs, reporting requirements or customer or other stakeholder expectations could require substantial expenditures for installation and operation of systems and equipment or for substantial modifications to existing equipment, as well as increased compliance costs. We are or may be obligated to comply with new climate-related reporting requirements under SEC rules, laws of member states of the European Union implementing the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD") and other laws and regulations, which may require us to provide, at least annually, detailed public disclosures about the greenhouse gas emissions and other climate-related effects our activities produce, the climate-related operating and financial risks we face and the strategies we pursue to reduce and adapt to the impacts of climate change. If we fail to compile, assess and report the required operating and accounting information in a timely manner and in accordance with mandatory reporting standards, we could be exposed to fines and other sanctions and sustain harm to our reputation. Pursuant to the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA has promulgated the Renewable Fuel Standard ("RFS"), which requires refiners to blend renewable fuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, with their petroleum fuels or purchase renewable energy credits, known as Renewable Identification Numbers ("RINs"), in lieu of blending. The EPA generally establishes new annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year in the preceding year, which affects the domestic market for ethanol. We generate RINs through our blending activities, but we cannot generate enough RINs to meet the needs of our refining capacity, and RINs must be purchased on the open market. In recent years, the price of RINs has been extremely volatile. Continued RIN volatility could have a negative impact on our future refined fuels margins. In addition, certain states have established proposed laws around low-carbon fuel standards that require refiners to sell fuel with carbon intensity values at certain established benchmarks or purchase a sufficient number of credits on the open market to meet the benchmark. 
 
 Environmental liabilities and litigation could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Many of our current and former facilities have been in operation for many years. Over that time, we and other operators of those facilities have generated, used, stored and disposed of substances or wastes, including liquid fertilizers, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 chemicals and fuels stored in underground and aboveground tanks, that are or might be considered hazardous under applicable or future environmental laws. Any past or future actions in violation of applicable environmental laws could subject us to administrative penalties, fines, injunctions or other costs, such as capital expenditures. In addition, an owner or operator of contaminated property and a party that sends hazardous materials to such a site for treatment, storage, disposal or recycling can be liable for the cost of investigation and remediation under environmental laws. In some instances, such liability exists regardless of fault. Moreover, future or unknown past releases of hazardous substances could subject us to private lawsuits claiming damages, including for bodily injury or property damage, and to adverse publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Liabilities, including legal costs, related to remediation of contaminated properties are not recognized by us until the related costs are considered probable and can be reasonably estimated. 
 
 We have noted a trend in public and private lawsuits filed on behalf of states, counties, cities and utilities alleging harm to the general public and the environment, including waterways and watersheds, as a result of the use of agricultural chemicals, such as fertilizers. If we become a party to any such lawsuits, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us, which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We face increased climate-change-related litigation risk with respect to our operations. In particular, governmental and other entities in various U.S. states have filed lawsuits against companies in the coal, oil and gas industries, alleging damages as a result of climate change, with the plaintiffs in such lawsuits seeking damages and abatement under various tort theories. Additionally, governmental and other entities are increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements regarding ESG-related matters and practices by companies are false or misleading greenwashing that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes. Similar issues can also arise relating to aspirational statements such as net-zero or carbon reduction targets that are made without adequate basis to support such statements. Although we are not currently a party to any of these lawsuits, they present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which we face increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or ESG disclosures and practices. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Financing Our Business 
 
 Our financial results are susceptible to seasonality. 
 
 Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and operating results vary throughout the year. Our revenues generally trend lower during the second and fourth fiscal quarters and are highest during the first and third fiscal quarters. For example, in our Ag segment, our ag retail business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the fall harvest and spring planting seasons and our agronomy business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the spring planting season. Our global grain and processing operations are subject to fluctuations in volume and revenues based on producer harvests, world grain prices and demand, and international trade relationships. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and revenues in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the spring, summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel use by agricultural producers is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, generally experience higher volumes and revenues during the winter-heating and crop-drying seasons. 
 
 If any of our long-lived assets become impaired, we could be required to record a significant impairment charge, which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 All our long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and other identifiable intangibles, are evaluated for impairment in accordance with U.S. GAAP at least annually for goodwill and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The process of evaluating for impairment involves a number of judgments and estimates. If the judgments and estimates used in our analyses are not realized or change due to external factors, then actual results may not be consistent with these judgments and estimates, and our long-lived assets may become impaired in future periods. We have in the past, and may in the future, be required to write down the value of our long-lived assets. Any future impairment of our long-lived assets could require us to record a significant impairment charge, which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our business is capital-intensive and we rely on cash generated from our operations and external financing to fund our strategies and ongoing capital needs. 
 
 We require significant capital, including access to credit markets from time to time, to operate our businesses and fund our strategies. Our working capital requirements are directly affected by the price of commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and quickly. We also require substantial capital to maintain and upgrade our extensive network of facilities to keep 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulatory changes and changing safety standards. In addition, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities has required, and may in the future require, significant amounts of capital. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict our current operations and our growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results and restrict our ability to repay our existing debts. 
 
 Our access to capital could be affected by financial institutions' and other capital sources' policies concerning energy-related businesses. 
 
 Public concern regarding the potential effects of climate change have directed increased attention toward the funding sources of energy-related businesses. As a result, some financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital have reduced or restricted lending to, or investing in, companies that operate in the energy industry. Limiting energy-related businesses' access to capital could make it more difficult for us to secure external financing, which could in turn restrict our current operations and growth opportunities, adversely affect our operating results and restrict our ability to repay our existing debts. 
 
 Our cooperative structure limits our ability to access equity capital. 
 
 As a cooperative, we may not sell common stock in our company. In addition, existing laws and our articles of incorporation and bylaws limit dividends on any preferred stock we may issue to 8 per annum. These limitations may restrict our ability to raise equity capital and may adversely affect our ability to compete with enterprises that do not face similar restrictions. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 
 We have established processes for identifying, assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our key information technology systems. These processes have been integrated into our overall risk management strategies, as overseen by our Board of Directors, primarily through the board's Corporate Risk Committee and Audit Committee. These processes also include identifying and overseeing risks from cybersecurity threats associated with the use of third-party service providers. We conduct security assessments of certain third-party providers before engagement and have established monitoring procedures to mitigate risks related to data breaches or other security incidents originating from third parties. In addition, we conduct employee training on information security topics designed to address phishing and e-mail security, password security and data-handling security. We use e-mail security, endpoint security, logging and monitoring, remote access, application security and other tools to deter threat actors, block malicious/phishing e-mails and avoid IT system interruptions. From time to time, we engage third-party consultants, legal advisors, and audit firms to evaluate and test our risk management systems and assess and remediate cybersecurity threats and incidents as appropriate. Additionally, our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") team analyzes cybersecurity risks, emerging industry trends and identification of mitigation, as part of a holistic analysis of risks across CHS. 
 
 Governance 
 
 Management 
 
 Under the oversight of the Corporate Risk Committee of our Board of Directors, the chief information officer ("CIO") and chief information security officer ("CISO") are primarily responsible for assessment and management of material cybersecurity risks, with the CIO being responsible for strategic direction and management of information technology systems and the CISO being responsible for security of such systems, as described further below. The CIO has more than 30 years of experience with global technology organizations across multiple industries. The CISO has more than 20 years of experience in information security, risk management and compliance and is a certified information systems security professional. The CIO and CISO are also supported by an incident response team ("IRT") comprised of selected members of senior management and responsible for providing cross-functional support and response facilitation for cybersecurity incidents. 
 
 Our CISO oversees our cybersecurity incident response plan and related processes that are designed to assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, including aligning programs with industry standards, conducting tabletop 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 exercises, providing education/training and taking other preventive measures. Our CISO coordinates with legal counsel and third party experts to assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our CISO is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents pursuant to criteria set forth in our incident response plan and related processes. Our CISO or a delegate informs the IRT of cybersecurity incidents that may potentially be determined to be material pursuant to escalation criteria set forth in our incident response plan and related processes. The CISO, in collaboration with legal counsel, is primarily responsible for advising our chief executive officer ("CEO") and chief financial officer ("CFO") regarding cybersecurity disclosures in public filings. The CISO also notifies the Audit Committee chair of any material cybersecurity incident. 
 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not detected any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 The Corporate Risk Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our information technology systems, including information security, compliance and privacy. Additionally, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors oversees adequacy and effectiveness of our controls and procedures, including those designed to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats and incidents. Further, at least once per quarter, our CIO and/or CISO report on cybersecurity matters to the Corporate Risk Committee, and updates are provided to our Board of Directors at regular board meetings. The CIO also provides updates annually or more frequently as appropriate to our Board of Directors. Our ERM team reports annually on the company's risks to our Board of Directors, which includes progress related to mitigation activities and risk conditions. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We own or lease energy, agronomy, grain-handling and processing facilities and other real estate throughout the United States and internationally. Below is a summary of these locations by segment and related business, the majority of which are owned. Description Location(s) Energy Refineries Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas Propane terminals 9 locations in Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, North Dakota, Washington and Wisconsin Transportation terminals/repair facilities 12 locations in Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Washington and Wisconsin Petroleum and asphalt terminals/storage facilities 12 locations in Kansas, Montana, North Dakota and Wisconsin Pipelines: Cenex Pipeline, LLC Laurel, Montana, to Fargo, North Dakota Front Range Pipeline, LLC Canadian border to Laurel, Montana Jayhawk Pipeline, LLC Throughout Kansas, with branches in Nebraska, Oklahoma and Texas Conway Pipeline McPherson, Kansas, to Conway, Kansas Kaw Pipe Line Company Locations throughout Kansas Osage Pipe Line Company, LLC Oklahoma to Kansas (50 owned by CHS) Zip Trip corporate headquarters Spokane, Washington Convenience stores/gas stations 39 locations in Colorado, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wyoming Lubricant plants/warehouses 3 locations in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota; Kenton, Ohio; and Amarillo, Texas 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Description Location(s) Ag Global Grain and Processing Grain terminals 14 locations in the United States, including sites in Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Texas and Wisconsin 5 locations in Brazil 3 locations in Europe, including in Hungary and Romania Fertilizer terminal Argentina Grain marketing offices 2 locations in the United States, including in Minnesota and Nebraska 16 locations in South America, including in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay 8 locations in Europe, including in Bulgaria, Hungary, Italy, Romania, Serbia, Spain, Switzerland and Ukraine 4 locations in Asia, including in China, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan Oilseed facilities Fairmont, Hallock and Mankato, Minnesota Sunflower processing plants Fargo and Grandin, North Dakota Storage and warehouse facilities Joliette, North Dakota; and Winkler, Canada Ethanol plants Annawan and Rochelle, Illinois Ag Retail Agri-operations facilities Approximately 420 community locations located in Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin Feed manufacturing facilities 9 locations in Iowa, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon and South Dakota Wholesale Agronomy Deepwater port Galveston, Texas Terminals 11 locations in Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, South Dakota and Texas Bulk chemical rail terminal facility Brooten, Minnesota Distribution warehouses 28 locations in Arkansas, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin Research and development center Randolph, Minnesota Corporate and Other Corporate headquarters A 33-acre campus in Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, consisting of a building with approximately 320,000 square feet of office space and two smaller buildings with approximately 13,400 and 9,000 square feet of space Office facilities Washington, District of Columbia 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 As a cooperative, we do not have common stock that is traded or otherwise outstanding. We did not sell any equity securities during the three years ended August 31, 2024, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management regarding our financial condition and results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A is presented in the following sections: 
 
 Overview 
 Business Strategy 
 Fiscal 2024 Highlights 
 Fiscal 2025 Outlook 
 Operating Metrics 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited financial statements and notes to those financial statements and the Cautionary Statement regarding forward-looking statements found in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 
 CHS Inc. is a diversified company that provides grain, food, agronomy and energy resources to businesses and consumers on a global scale. As a cooperative, we are owned by farmers, ranchers and member cooperatives across the United States. We also have preferred shareholders who own our five series of preferred stock, all of which are listed and traded on the Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. We operate in the following three reportable segments: 
 
 Energy. Produces and provides primarily for wholesale distribution and transportation of petroleum products. 
 Ag. Purchases and further processes or resells grain and oilseed originated by our ag retail and global grain and processing businesses, by our member cooperatives and by third parties. It also includes our renewable fuels business and serves as a wholesaler and retailer of agronomy products. 
 Nitrogen Production. Produces and distributes nitrogen fertilizer. It consists of our equity method investment in CF Nitrogen and allocated expenses. 
 
 In addition, our financing and hedging businesses, along with our nonconsolidated food production and distribution and wheat milling joint ventures, have been aggregated within our Corporate and Other category. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of CHS and all subsidiaries and limited liability companies in which we have control. The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 Corporate administrative expenses and interest are allocated to each reportable segment and Corporate and Other, based on direct use of services, such as information technology and legal, and other factors or considerations relevant to the costs incurred. 
 
 Management's Focus . When evaluating our operating performance, management focuses on gross profit and income before income taxes ("IBIT"). As a company that operates heavily in global commodities, there is significant unpredictability and volatility in pricing, costs and global trade volumes. Consequently, we focus on managing the margin we can earn and the resulting IBIT. We also focus on ensuring balance sheet strength through appropriate management of financial liquidity, leverage, capital allocation and cash flow optimization. 
 
 Seasonality . Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and our operating results vary throughout the year. Our revenues and IBIT generally trend lower during the second fiscal quarter and increase in the third fiscal quarter. For example, in our Ag segment, our ag retail business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the fall harvest and spring planting seasons, which generally correspond to our first and third fiscal quarters, respectively. Additionally, our agronomy business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the spring planting season. Our global grain and processing operations are subject to fluctuations in volumes and revenues based on producer harvests, world grain prices, global demand and international trade relationships. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and revenues in 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the spring, summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel use by agricultural producers is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, generally experience higher volumes and revenues during the winter heating and fall crop-drying seasons. The graphs below depict the seasonality inherent in our businesses. 

Pricing and Volumes . Our revenues, assets and cash flows can be significantly affected by global market prices and sales volumes of commodities such as petroleum products, natural gas, grain, oilseed products and agronomy products. Changes in market prices for commodities we purchase without a corresponding change in the selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. Similarly, increased or decreased sales volumes without a corresponding change in the purchase and selling prices of those products can affect revenues and operating earnings. Commodity prices and sales volumes are affected by a wide range of factors beyond our control, including weather, crop damage due to plant disease or insects, drought, availability/adequacy of supply of a commodity, availability of reliable rail and river transportation networks, disease outbreaks, government regulations and policies, global trade disputes, wars and civil unrest, and general political and/or economic conditions. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Our business strategies focus on an enterprisewide effort to create an experience that empowers customers to make CHS their first choice, expand market access to add value for our owners and transform and evolve our core businesses by capitalizing on changing market dynamics. To execute these strategies, we are focused on implementing agile, efficient and sustainable technology platforms; building robust and efficient supply chains; hiring, developing and retaining high-performing, diverse and passionate teams; achieving operational excellence and continuous improvement; and maintaining a strong balance sheet. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2024 Highlights 
 
 Financial performance remained solid across our segments, although down from historically strong results in the prior year. 
 Our Energy segment results declined from the prior year due to evolving market conditions, including the impact of less favorable refining margins. 
 In our Ag segment, earnings declined compared to the prior year as a result of softening oilseed crush margins and global market conditions that drove down margins for U.S. grain and oilseed exports. 
 Equity method investments continued to perform well, with our CF Nitrogen investment being the largest contributor. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Outlook 
 
 Our segments operate in cyclical environments in which market conditions can change rapidly with significant positive or negative impacts on our results. We anticipate various macroeconomic factors will continue to drive uncertainty and instability in global energy and agricultural commodity markets, as well as global financial markets, which could have a significant impact on each of our segments during fiscal 2025. These factors include, among others, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and further escalation of conflict in the Middle East, shifts in global trade flows for commodities, including global competitiveness giving rise to a weak export market for U.S. sourced agricultural products, potential changes in U.S. trade policy following the U.S. general election in November, a changing interest rate environment, and continued pricing pressures impacting costs of labor, freight and materials. These factors, or any form of them, could cause significant margin pressure and lower profitability. In addition to these broad macroeconomic factors, other factors could impact demand and pricing for agricultural inputs and outputs, as well as our ability to supply those inputs and outputs while remaining profitable. These include regional factors, such as unpredictable weather conditions, including those due to climate change. We currently expect global supply and demand factors impacting energy and agricultural commodities to be less favorable for us in fiscal 2025. Further, in light of increasing uncertainty in the markets we serve, we are unable to predict how long the current environment will last or the significance of the financial and operational impacts to us; however, we currently expect the trend of reduced margins for energy and agricultural commodities to persist in fiscal 2025. Refer to Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional consideration these risks may have on our business operations and financial performance. 
 
 We will continue to execute our enterprise priorities for fiscal 2025, including pursuing growth through strategic investments and cooperative connections and leveraging our financial strength and resilience as we navigate less favorable market conditions for energy and agricultural commodities. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Metrics 
 
 Energy 
 
 Our Energy segment operations primarily include our refineries in Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas, which process crude oil to produce refined products, including gasolines, distillates and other products. To ensure the reliability of our refineries, we perform major maintenance activities every two to five years, which require a temporary shutdown of operations. These planned shutdowns allow us to extend the life, increase the capacity and improve the safety and efficiency of our refinery processing assets. They also minimize unplanned business interruptions and are essential to the long-term reliability and profitability of our Energy segment. 
 
 During periods of maintenance, utilization rates, throughput volumes and refined fuel yields are lower, and we may purchase refined petroleum products from third parties to meet the needs of our customers. These third-party purchases may result in lower margins than for products produced by our refineries, which reduces our profitability. The following table provides information about our consolidated refinery operations: Years Ended August 31, 2023 Refinery throughput volumes (Barrels per day) Heavy, high-sulfur crude oil 108,713 94,692 All other crude oil 69,137 70,397 Other feedstocks and blendstocks 11,574 11,804 Total refinery throughput volumes 189,424 176,893 Refined fuel yields Gasolines 85,210 81,006 Distillates 84,739 76,613 
 Lower refinery throughput volumes and refined fuel yields experienced during fiscal 2023 were primarily due to a planned shutdown to perform major 
 maintenance at our Laurel, Montana, refinery. 
 
 We are subject to the Renewable Fuel Standard that requires refiners to blend renewable fuels (e.g., ethanol and biodiesel) into their finished transportation fuels or purchase renewable energy credits, known as renewable identification numbers ("RINs"), in lieu of blending. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") generally establishes new annual renewable fuel percentage standards for each compliance year in the preceding year. In June 2023, the EPA issued a final renewable volume obligation ("RVO") for calendar years 2020 through 2025. We generate RINs through our blending activities, but we cannot generate enough RINs to meet the needs of our refining capacity; therefore, RINs must be purchased on the open market. The price of RINs can be volatile, with prices for D6 ethanol RINs and D4 biodiesel RINs decreasing by 57 and 58 , respectively, during fiscal compared to the prior year, which positively impacted our earnings. Estimates of our RIN expenses are calculated using an average RIN price each month. 
 
 In addition to our internal operational reliability, the profitability of our Energy segment is largely driven by crack spreads (i.e., the price differential between refined products and crude oil inputs) and Western Canadian Select ("WCS") crude oil discounts (i.e., the price discount for WCS crude oil relative to West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") crude oil), which are driven by supply and demand of refined products. Crack spreads and WCS crude oil discounts both decreased in fiscal , compared to the prior year, contributing to decreased IBIT for the Energy segment. The table below provides information about average market reference prices and differentials that impacted our Energy segment: Years Ended August 31, 2023 Market indicators WTI crude oil (dollars per barrel) 79.41 78.25 WTI - WCS crude oil discount (dollars per barrel) 17.24 19.94 Group 3 2:1:1 crack spread (dollars per barrel) 21.97 36.17 Group 3 5:3:2 crack spread (dollars per barrel) 20.60 34.25 D6 ethanol RIN (dollars per RIN) 0.6801 1.5725 D4 biodiesel RIN (dollars per RIN) 0.6829 1.6380 
 Market source information represents the average month-end price during the period. Group 3 refers to the oil refining and distribution system serving the Midwest markets from the Gulf Coast through the Plains states. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Ag 
 
 Our Ag segment operations work together to facilitate the production, purchase, sale and eventual use of grain and other agricultural commodities within the United States and internationally. Profitability in our Ag segment is largely driven by throughput and production volumes, as well as commodity price spreads; however, revenues and cost of goods sold ("COGS") are largely affected by market-driven commodity prices outside our control. The table below provides information about average market prices for agricultural commodities, as well as sales and throughput volumes that impacted our Ag segment for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: Years Ended August 31, Market Source 2023 Commodity prices Corn (dollars per bushel) Chicago Board of Trade 4.37 6.19 Soybeans (dollars per bushel) Chicago Board of Trade 11.88 14.50 Wheat (dollars per bushel) Chicago Board of Trade 5.76 7.17 Urea (dollars per ton) Green Markets NOLA 332.46 420.06 Urea ammonium nitrate (dollars per ton) Green Markets NOLA 238.84 349.87 Ethanol (dollars per gallon) Chicago Platts 1.83 2.36 Volumes Grain and oilseed (thousands of bushels) 2,382,219 2,108,183 North American grain and oilseed port throughput (thousands of bushels) 664,025 557,414 Wholesale crop nutrients (thousands of tons) 7,245 6,628 Ethanol (thousands of gallons) 711,451 968,516 
 Market source information represents the average week-end or month-end price during the period. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended August 31, 2023 Dollars of Revenues Dollars of Revenues (In thousands) (In thousands) Revenues 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 95.5 94.8 Gross profit 4.5 5.2 Marketing, general and administrative expenses 3.0 2.3 Operating earnings 1.5 2.9 Interest expense 0.3 0.3 Other income ) (0.4) ) (0.2) Equity income from investments ) (1.2) ) (1.5) Income before income taxes 2.8 4.4 Income tax (benefit) expense ) 0.2 Net income 2.8 4.2 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to CHS Inc. 2.8 4.2 
 Amounts less than 0.1 are shown as zero percent. Percentage subtotals may differ due to rounding. 
 
 The charts below detail revenues, net of intersegment revenues, and IBIT by reportable segment for fiscal . Our Nitrogen Production reportable segment represents an equity method investment that records earnings and allocated expenses, but not revenues. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Income Before Income Taxes by Segment 
 
 Energy Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Income before income taxes (646,390) (60.1) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Energy segment IBIT for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 See commentary related to these changes in the marketing, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, other income and equity income from investments sections of this Results of Operations. 
 
 The change in Energy segment IBIT for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Lower crack spreads and decreased WCS crude oil discounts resulted from global market conditions, which contributed to an 803.8 million decrease of IBIT. 
 Increased repairs and maintenance expense primarily due to unplanned maintenance at our Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas refineries contributed to 44.2 million of decreased IBIT. 
 Lower margins from premiums on seasonal refined fuels products contributed 28.0 million of decreased IBIT. 
 The overall IBIT decrease was partially offset by lower costs for RINs in our refined fuels business, which contributed to a 247.2 million cost reduction. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Ag Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Income before income taxes (69,131) (16.8) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Ag segment IBIT for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 See commentary related to these changes in the marketing, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, other income and equity income from investments sections of this Results of Operations. 
 
 The change in Ag segment IBIT for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Decreased margins of 120.2 million for oilseed processing due to a higher supply of canola and soybean meal and oil across global markets, resulting in lower crush margins and decreased margins of 34.1 million for grain and oilseed due to competitive global grain markets that compressed margins, compared to the prior year. 
 The margin decrease was partially offset by increased margins for wholesale and retail agronomy products driven by improved market conditions, which contributed to a 61.3 million increase of IBIT. 
 Higher volumes of wholesale and retail agronomy products contributed to a 27.2 million increase of IBIT due to increased demand as prices declined due to global market conditions. 
 Higher volumes for grain and oilseed and oilseed processing products collectively contributed to 52.2 million of increased IBIT as a result of favorable weather conditions and logistical and operational efficiencies at the oilseed crush plants. 
 
 All Other Segments Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Nitrogen Production IBIT (109,525) (42.0) Corporate and Other IBIT (84,946) (32.7) 
 See Note 6, Investments, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Our Nitrogen Production segment IBIT decreased from the prior year as a result of lower equity income attributed to decreased selling prices of urea and UAN, which was partially offset by decreased natural gas costs, all due to global supply and demand factors. Corporate and Other IBIT decreased primarily due to lower equity income from our Ventura Foods investment as a result of less favorable market conditions for oil-based food products experienced during the current year compared to the prior year and a gain associated with the sale of certain assets in the prior year that did not recur in the current year. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues by Segment 
 
 Energy Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Revenues (1,330,418) (13.2) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Energy segment revenues for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 The change in Energy segment revenues for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Decreased selling prices resulting from global market conditions contributed to 1.0 billion and 121.3 million 
 decreases in revenues for refined fuels and propane, respectively. 
 Lower propane and refined fuels volumes contributed to 93.9 million and 64.0 million decreases in revenues, respectively, primarily driven by lower demand as a result of unfavorable weather conditions across much of our trade territory. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Ag Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Revenues (5,008,345) (14.1) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Ag segment revenues for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 The change in Ag segment revenues for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Decreased selling prices across all of our Ag segment product categories due to global market conditions during fiscal 2024, including: 
 6.0 billion decrease for grain and oilseed; 
 1.2 billion decrease for wholesale and retail agronomy products; 
 484.1 million decrease for oilseed processing; and 
 331.6 million decrease for renewable fuels. 
 Increased volumes for grain and oilseed contributed to a 3.1 billion increase in revenues, primarily due to more favorable weather conditions in fiscal 2024. 

All Other Segments Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Corporate and Other revenues 9,988 14.7 
 Our Nitrogen Production reportable segment represents an equity method investment that records earnings and allocated expenses, but not revenues. 
 
 Corporate and Other revenues increased during fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year primarily as a result of increased interest income in our financing business due to higher interest rates and a larger average notes receivable balance. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Goods Sold by Segment 
 
 Energy Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Cost of goods sold 8,041,588 8,718,224 (676,636) (7.8) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Energy segment COGS for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 The change in Energy segment COGS for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Global market conditions, including reduced RIN costs, contributed to decreased costs for refined fuels and propane that drove 368.1 million and 124.7 million decreases in COGS, respectively. 
 Lower propane and refined fuels volumes contributed to 90.5 million and 54.7 million decreases in COGS, respectively, primarily driven by lower demand as a result of unfavorable weather conditions across much of our trade territory. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Ag Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Cost of goods sold 29,478,231 34,501,163 (5,022,932) (14.6) 
 
 The following waterfall analysis and commentary presents the changes in our Ag segment COGS for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the prior year: 
 
 The change in Ag segment COGS for fiscal 2024 reflects the following: 
 Lower costs across all of our Ag segment product categories due to global market conditions during fiscal 2024, including: 
 5.9 billion decrease for grain and oilseed; 
 1.3 billion decrease for wholesale and retail agronomy products; 
 376.1 million decrease for renewable fuels; and 
 363.8 million decrease for oilseed processing. 
 Increased volumes for grain and oilseed contributed to a 3.1 billion increase in COGS, primarily due to more favorable weather conditions in fiscal 2024. 
 
 All Other Segments Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Nitrogen Production COGS 138 1,693 (1,555) (91.8) Corporate and Other COGS (10,055) (7,341) (2,714) (37.0) 
 
 There were no significant changes on a dollar basis to COGS for our Nitrogen Production segment or Corporate and Other during fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing, General and Administrative Expenses Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Marketing, general and administrative expenses 134,204 13.0 
 
 Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased during fiscal 2024 primarily due to higher compensation and benefit expenses, as well as higher consulting expenses primarily associated with our enterprise resource planning system implementation and other technologies to advance our operating model. 
 
 Interest Expense Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Interest expense (33,378) (24.3) 
 
 Interest expense decreased during fiscal 2024 as a result of decreased notes payable balances compared to the prior year, which was partially offset by higher interest rates compared to the prior year. 
 
 Other Income Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Other income 137,630 112,131 25,499 22.7 
 
 Other income increased during fiscal 2024 primarily as a result of increased interest income due to a larger average cash balance and higher interest rates. 
 
 Equity Income from Investments Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Equity income from investments 479,863 689,590 (209,727) (30.4) 
 See Note 6, Investments, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Equity income from investments decreased during fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower income associated with our equity method investments in CF Nitrogen and Ventura Foods. Equity income decreased for CF Nitrogen as a result of lower selling prices for urea and UAN due to global supply and demand factors. Equity income decreased for Ventura Foods as a result of less favorable market conditions for oil-based food products and a gain associated with the sale of certain assets in the prior year that did not reoccur in the current year. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense Years Ended August 31, Change 2023 Dollars Percent (Dollars in thousands) Income tax (benefit) expense (4,872) 107,655 (112,527) (104.5) 
 
 Lower income tax expense during fiscal 2024 resulted primarily from lower nonpatronage income compared to fiscal 2023, recognition of research and development tax credits during fiscal 2024 and increased Domestic Production Activities Deduction ("DPAD") benefit. Effective tax rates for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, were (0.4) and 5.4 , respectively. Federal and state statutory rate of 24.5 was applied to nonpatronage business activity for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. Income taxes and effective tax rates vary each year based upon profitability and nonpatronage business activity. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years Ended August 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 For a discussion of results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, please refer to Part II, Item 7 , Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 In assessing our financial condition, we consider factors such as working capital, internal benchmarking related to our applicable covenants and other financial information. The following financial information is used when assessing our liquidity and capital resources to meet our capital allocation priorities, which include maintaining the safety and compliance of our operations, paying interest on debt and preferred stock dividends, returning cash to our member-owners in the form of cash patronage and equity redemptions, and taking advantage of strategic opportunities that benefit our member-owners: 
 August 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Notes payable Long-term debt including current maturities 2,161,460 1,827,658 Total equities Working capital 3,307,969 3,229,455 Current ratio 1.6 1.5 
 Current ratio is defined as current assets divided by current liabilities. 
 
 Summary of Our Major Sources of Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 We fund our current operations primarily through our cash flows from operations and with short-term borrowings through our committed and uncommitted revolving credit facilities, including our securitization facility with certain unaffiliated financial institutions ("Securitization Facility"). We fund certain of our long-term capital needs, primarily those related to acquisitions of property, plant and equipment, with cash flows from operations and by issuing long-term debt. On April 18, 2024, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement to borrow 700.0 million of debt in the form of notes; the funding of these notes took place on July 16, 2024. On October 29, 2024, we amended our 10-year term loan facility reducing the size to 300.0 million and adding a converting revolver feature. See Note 9, Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including tables with summarized long-term debt outstanding. We will continue to consider opportunities to further diversify and enhance our sources and amounts of liquidity. 
 
 Summary of Our Major Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Annually, our Board of Directors approves our capital expenditure budget. Our fiscal 2025 capital expenditure priorities include maintaining our assets through repairs and maintenance; complying with environmental, health and safety requirements; enhancing information technology capabilities; improving productivity; and growth. Our refining business requires continued investment in our refining process to maintain its safety, operational reliability and profitability. In addition, our Board of Directors approved our cash patronage and equity redemptions to be paid in fiscal 2025, based on fiscal 2024 financial performance. The following is a summary of our primary expected cash requirements for fiscal 2025: 
 
 Capital expenditures. We expect total capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 to be approximately 837.3 million, compared to capital expenditures of 808.8 million in fiscal , as we continue to invest in capital expenditures projects to meet the evolving needs of our owners and customers, enhance value for the cooperative system and unlock growth during fiscal 2025. In addition, we expect over 200.0 million of incremental expenditures for potential business acquisitions during fiscal 2025. 
 Major maintenance . We expect total major maintenance for fiscal 2025 to be approximately 256.9 million, compared to major maintenance of 22.7 million in fiscal 2024. Increased major maintenance expectation for fiscal 2025 is due to a scheduled turnaround at our McPherson refinery during fiscal 2025 compared to minimal turnaround activities at our refineries during fiscal 2024. 
 Preferred stock dividends. We had approximately 2.3 billion of preferred stock outstanding as of August 31, 2024. We expect to pay dividends on our preferred stock of approximately 168.7 million during fiscal 2025. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Patronage . Our Board of Directors authorized approximately 300.0 million of our fiscal patronage-sourced earnings to be paid to our member-owners during fiscal 2025. 
 Equity redemptions . Our Board of Directors authorized approximately 300.0 million of equity redemptions to be distributed in fiscal 2025 in the form of redemptions of qualified and nonqualified equity owned by individual producer-members and association members. The Board of Directors will continue to periodically evaluate the level of equity redemption activity throughout fiscal 2025 with respect to the amounts it has authorized for redemption during the fiscal year. 
 
 We believe cash generated by operating and investing activities, along with available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to support our short-term (the next 12 months) and long-term operations (beyond the next 12 months). Our notes payable and long-term debt are subject to various restrictive requirements for maintenance of minimum consolidated net worth and other financial ratios. We were in compliance with all our debt covenants and restrictions as of August 31, 2024. Based on our current 2025 projections, we expect continued covenant compliance. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 We measure working capital as current assets less current liabilities as each amount appears on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe this information is meaningful to investors as a measure of operational efficiency and short-term financial health. Working capital is not defined under U.S. GAAP and may not be computed the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. Working capital as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, was as follows: 
 
 2023 Change (Dollars in thousands) Current assets (419,866) Less current liabilities (5,400,814) (5,899,194) 498,380 Working capital 3,307,969 3,229,455 78,514 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, working capital increased by 78.5 million compared with August 31, 2023. Current asset balance changes decreased working capital by 419.9 million, primarily driven by a decrease in our cash balance due to a decline in cash provided by operations from year end 2023, which was partially offset by increases in receivables. Current liabilities balance changes increased working capital by 498.4 million, primarily due to a decrease in accounts and notes payable, which were driven by changes in working capital needs and lower commodity prices. 
 
 We finance our working capital needs through committed and uncommitted lines of credit with domestic and international banks. We believe our current cash balances and available capacity on our committed and uncommitted lines of credit will provide adequate liquidity to meet our working capital needs. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our estimated future contractual obligations as of August 31, 2024, include both current and long-term obligations. During fiscal 2025, we have a current obligation to repay 330.6 million of long-term debt, as well as 101.7 million of interest related to long-term debt. Beyond fiscal 2025, our long-term debt obligation is 1.8 billion and interest payments related to long-term debt of 747.4 million. For finance leases, we have a current and long-term obligation of 9.0 million and 49.3 million, respectively. For operating leases, we have a current and long-term obligation of 71.3 million and 176.0 million, respectively. See Note 9, Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt, and Note 19 , Leases , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our long-term debt and leases, respectively. We enter into purchase obligations that are legally binding and enter into enforceable agreements to purchase goods or services that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and fixed or estimated prices to be paid at the time of settlement. Our current and long-term obligation for such arrangements is 4.8 billion and 569.8 million, respectively. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Years Ended August 31, 2023 Change (Dollars in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities (2,011,302) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) (481,397) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) 581,215 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (354) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (970,725) 941,113 (1,911,838) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period as a result of various factors, including seasonality and timing differences associated with purchases, sales, taxes and other business decisions. The 2.0 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 primarily reflects decreased net income, as well as decreased cash provided by receivables and inventories during fiscal 2024. 
 
 The 481.4 million increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2024 reflects increased investments and higher expenditures for property, plant and equipment during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 
 
 The 581.2 million decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2024 primarily reflects increased net proceeds from long-term debt and decreased cash outflows for patronage paid and equity redemptions during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires use of estimates, as well as management's judgments and assumptions regarding matters that are subjective, uncertain or involve a high degree of complexity, all of which affect the results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. We believe the following accounting policies are critical to our consolidated financial statements and may involve a higher degree of estimates, judgments and complexity. 
 
 Inventory Valuation and Reserves 
 
 Grain, processed grain, oilseed, processed oilseed and other minimally processed soy-based inventories are stated at net realizable value. All other inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The costs of certain energy inventories (wholesale refined products, crude oil and asphalt) are determined on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method; all other inventories of nongrain products purchased for resale are valued on the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") and average cost methods. Estimates are used in determining the net realizable values of grain and oilseed and processed grain and oilseed inventories. These estimates include using inputs that are generally based on exchange-traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments. If estimates regarding the valuation of inventories are less favorable than management's assumptions, write-downs of inventories may be required. 
 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 We enter into exchange-traded commodity futures and options contracts to hedge our exposure to price fluctuations on energy, grain and oilseed transactions to the extent considered practicable for minimizing risk. Futures and options contracts used for hedging are purchased and sold through regulated commodity exchanges. We also use over-the-counter instruments to hedge our exposure on fixed-price contracts. Fluctuations in inventory valuations, however, may not be completely hedged due in part to the absence of satisfactory hedging facilities for certain commodities and geographical areas and in part to our assessment of our exposure from expected price fluctuations. We also manage our risks by entering into fixed-price purchase contracts with preapproved producers and establishing appropriate limits for individual suppliers. Fixed-price sales contracts are entered into with customers of acceptable creditworthiness, as internally evaluated. The fair values of futures and options contracts are determined primarily from quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges. Fixed-price purchase and sales contracts are with various counterparties, and the fair values of such contracts are determined from the market price of the underlying product. We are exposed to loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the contracts and, therefore, contract values are reviewed and adjusted to reflect potential nonperformance. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty's financial condition and a risk that the counterparty will refuse to 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 perform on a contract during periods of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different from the current market prices. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations depend on assumptions used in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, health care cost trend rates, benefits earned, interest costs, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates and other factors. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and therefore generally affect recognized expenses and the recorded obligations in future periods. While our management believes the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our pension and other postretirement obligations and future expenses. 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 We assess whether a valuation allowance is necessary to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. While we have considered future taxable income, as well as other factors, in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event that we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, an adjustment to our deferred tax assets would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. We are also significantly impacted by utilization of tax credits, some of which were passed to us from the McPherson refinery, related to refinery upgrades that enable us to produce ultra-low-sulfur fuels. Our tax credit carryforwards are available to offset future federal and state tax liabilities with the tax credits becoming unavailable to us if not used by their expiration date. Our net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes are available to offset future taxable income. If our loss carryforwards are not used, they will expire. 
 
 Tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our financial statements if it is more likely than not the position would be sustained upon examination by a tax authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The benefits are measured using a cumulative probability approach. Under this approach, we record in our financial statements the greatest amount of tax benefits that have a more than 50 probability of being realized upon final settlement with the tax authorities. In determining these tax benefits, we assign probabilities to a range of outcomes that we feel we could ultimately settle on with the tax authorities using all relevant facts and information available at the reporting date. Due to the complexity of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a benefit that is materially different than our current estimate. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment is depreciated or amortized over the expected useful lives of individual or groups of assets based on the straight-line method. Economic circumstances or other factors may cause management's estimates of expected useful lives to differ from actual useful lives. 
 
 All long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and other identifiable intangibles, are evaluated for impairment in accordance with U.S. GAAP, at least annually for goodwill, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable. For goodwill, our annual impairment testing occurs in our fourth quarter. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair value based on the best information available. Fair value is generally measured by discounting estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows and our estimates may differ from actual results. 
 
 We have asset retirement obligations with respect to certain of our refineries and other assets due to various legal obligations to clean and/or dispose of the component parts at the time they are retired. In most cases, these assets can be used for extended and indeterminate periods of time, as long as they are properly maintained and/or upgraded. It is our practice and current intent to maintain refineries and related assets and to continue making improvements to those assets based on technological advances. As a result, we believe our refineries and related assets have indeterminate lives for purposes of estimating asset retirement obligations because dates or ranges of dates upon which we would retire a refinery and related assets cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. When a date or range of dates can reasonably be estimated for the retirement of any component part of a refinery or other asset, we will estimate the cost of performing the retirement activities and record a liability for the fair value of that future cost. 
 
 We have other assets that we may be obligated to dismantle at the end of corresponding lease terms subject to the lessor's discretion for which we have recorded asset retirement obligations. Based on our estimates of the timing, cost and probability of removal, these obligations are not material. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1, Organization, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information concerning new accounting standards and the impact of implementation of those standards on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 When we enter into a commodity purchase or sales commitment, we incur risks related to price changes and performance including delivery, quality, quantity and shipment period. In the event that market prices decrease, we are exposed to risk of loss for the market value of inventory and purchase contracts with fixed or partially fixed prices. Conversely, we are exposed to risk of loss on our fixed- or partially fixed-price sales contracts in the event that market prices increase. 
 
 Our use of hedging reduces exposure to price volatility by protecting against adverse short-term price movements but also limits the benefits of favorable short-term price movements. To reduce the price risk associated with fixed-price commitments, we generally enter into commodity derivative contracts, to the extent practical, to achieve a net commodity position within the formal position limits we have established and deemed prudent for each commodity. These contracts are primarily transacted through our FCM on regulated commodity futures exchanges but may include over-the-counter derivative instruments when deemed appropriate. These contracts are recorded at fair values based on quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges or the market prices of the underlying products listed on the exchanges, except that certain contracts are accounted for as normal purchase and normal sales transactions. For commodities where there is no liquid derivative contract, risk is managed through the use of forward sales contracts, other pricing arrangements and, to some extent, futures contracts in highly correlated commodities. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk but are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 When a futures position is established, the initial margin must be deposited with the applicable exchange or broker. The amount of margin required varies by commodity and is set by the applicable exchange at its sole discretion. If the market price relative to a short futures position increases, an additional margin deposit would be required. Similarly, a margin deposit would be required if the market price relative to a long futures position decreases. Conversely, if the market price increases relative to a long futures position or decreases relative to a short futures position, margin deposits may be returned by the applicable exchange or broker. 
 Our policy is to manage our commodity price risk exposure according to internal policies and in alignment with our tolerance for risk. It is our policy that our profitability should come from operations, primarily derived from margins on products sold and grain merchandised, not from hedging transactions. At any one time, inventory and purchase contracts for delivery to us may be substantial. We have risk management policies and procedures that include established net physical position limits. These limits are defined for each commodity and business unit, and business units may include both trader and management limits as appropriate. The limits policy is overseen at a high level by our corporate middle office and compliance team, with day-to-day monitoring procedures being implemented within each individual business unit to ensure any limits overages are explained and exposures reduced, or a temporary limit increase is established if needed. The position limits are reviewed at least annually with our senior leadership and Board of Directors. We monitor current market conditions and may expand or reduce our net position limits or procedures in response to changes in those conditions. 
 The use of hedging instruments does not protect against nonperformance by counterparties to cash contracts. We evaluate counterparty exposure by reviewing contracts and adjusting the values to reflect potential nonperformance. Risk of nonperformance by counterparties includes the inability to perform because of a counterparty's financial condition and the risk that the counterparty will refuse to perform on a contract during periods of price fluctuations where contract prices are significantly different from current market prices. We manage these risks by entering into fixed-price purchase and sales contracts with preapproved producers and by establishing appropriate limits for individual suppliers. Fixed-price contracts are entered into with customers of acceptable creditworthiness, as internally evaluated. Regarding our use of derivatives, we transact in exchange traded instruments or enter into over-the-counter derivatives that primarily clear through our FCM, which limits our counterparty exposure relative to hedging activities. Historically, we have not experienced significant events of nonperformance on open contracts. Accordingly, we only adjust the estimated fair values of specifically identified contracts for nonperformance. Although we have established policies and procedures, we make no assurances that historical nonperformance experience will carry forward to future periods. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our net fair market value calculation as of August 31, 2024, a 10 adverse change in market prices would not materially affect our results of operations. While we use commodity futures and forward contracts as economic hedges of price risk, and our operations have effective economic hedging requirements as a general practice, we cannot ensure that these risk management activities will offset all financial impact resulting from an adverse change in market prices. Factors that could impact the effectiveness of our hedging activities include the accuracy of our forecasts, volatility of the commodity markets and availability of hedging instruments. Utilization of derivatives and hedging activities is described more fully in Note 15, Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities , and Note 16, Fair Value Measurements , of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Debt used to finance our working capital needs is represented by short-term notes payable, so our blended interest rate for all such notes approximates current market rates. The table below provides information about our outstanding debt that is sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents scheduled contractual principal payments and related weighted average interest rates for the fiscal years presented. Expected Maturity Date Total Fair Value Liability 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter (Dollars in thousands) Liabilities: Variable rate miscellaneous short-term notes payable 163,136 163,136 163,136 Average interest rate 3.6 3.6 Variable rate CHS Capital short-term notes payable 143,695 143,695 143,695 Average interest rate 4.3 4.3 Fixed rate long-term debt 330,620 80,620 58,621 190,600 150 1,455,000 2,115,611 2,144,170 Average interest rate 4.2 4.8 4.7 4.0 3.9 5.3 5.0 Variable rate long-term debt 1,000 1,000 1,016 Average interest rate (a) 
 6.8 6.8 
 (a) Borrowings are variable under the agreement and bear interest at a base rate plus an applicable margin. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We were exposed to risk regarding foreign currency fluctuations during fiscal 2024 and in prior years even though a substantial amount of our international sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. In addition to specific transactional exposure, foreign currency fluctuations can impact the ability of foreign buyers to purchase U.S. agricultural products and competitiveness of U.S. agricultural products compared to the same products offered by alternative sources of world supply. From time to time, we enter into foreign currency hedge contracts to minimize the impact of currency fluctuations on our transactional exposures. The notional amount of our foreign exchange derivative contracts was 1.5 billion and 1.9 billion as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The financial statements listed in Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth beginning on page F-1. Financial statement schedules are included in Schedule II in Item 15(a)(2) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act")), as of August 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of that date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Our internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projecting any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on management's assessment using this framework, management concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Financial Reform Bill passed in July 2010 that permits us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended August 31, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024, no director or officer of the company , modified or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) or Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 The table below provides certain information regarding each of our directors, as of August 31, 2024: Name Age Director Region Director Since David Beckman 64 8 2018 Clinton J. Blew 47 8 2010 Hal Clemensen 64 4 2019 Scott Cordes 63 1 2017 Jon Erickson 64 3 2011 Mark Farrell 65 5 2016 Steve Fritel 69 3 2003 Alan Holm 64 1 2013 David Johnsrud 70 1 2012 Tracy Jones 61 5 2017 David Kayser 65 4 2006 Russell Kehl 49 6 2017 Anthony Rossman 52 1 2023 Daniel Schurr 59 7 2006 Jerrad Stroh 54 8 2022 Kevin Throener 52 3 2019 Cortney Wagner 46 2 2020 
 
 As a cooperative, members of our Board of Directors are nominated and elected by our members as required by our bylaws. As described below under "Director Elections and Voting," to ensure geographic representation of our members, the Board of Directors represents eight regions in which our members are located. The members in each region nominate and elect the number of directors for that region as set forth in our bylaws. Neither management nor the incumbent directors have any control over the nominating process for directors. As described below under "Director Elections and Voting," to be eligible for service as a director, a nominee must, among other things, (i) be an active farmer or rancher, (ii) be a Class A individual member of CHS or a member of a cooperative association member and (iii) reside in the geographic region from which he or she is nominated. In general, our directors operate large commercial agricultural enterprises, which require expertise in all areas of management, including financial oversight. Nearly all directors also have experience serving on local cooperative association boards and all participate in a variety of agricultural and community organizations. Our directors complete the National Association of Corporate Directors comprehensive Director Professionalism course and earn the Certificate of Director Education. We believe that each of our directors meets the aforementioned eligibility requirements and qualifications described under "Director Elections and Voting" to serve on the Board of Directors. 
 
 David Beckman has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2018. He is chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Capital Committee. He is a former secretary of the Nebraska Cooperative Council and former board chair for Central Valley Ag Cooperative in York, Nebraska. He holds a bachelor's degree in agronomy from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Mr. Beckman's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. In partnership with his family, he raises irrigated corn and soybeans and operates a custom hog-feeding operation near Elgin, Nebraska. 
 
 Clinton J. Blew, First Vice Chair, has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2010. He serves on the Governance and Corporate Risk committees. Mr. Blew has also served as second vice chair of the Executive Committee of the Board. He is a former member of the board of directors of Mid Kansas Coop, Moundridge, Kansas, and is a member of the Arthur Capper Cooperative Center Advisory Council, CoBank board restructuring committee, Hutchinson Community College Ag Advisory Board, Kansas Livestock Association and Red Angus Association of America. He holds an applied science degree in farm and ranch management from Hutchinson (Kansas) Community College. Mr. Blew's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he farms and ranches in a family partnership in south-central Kansas. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Hal Clemensen has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2019. He is chair of the Government Relations Committee and vice chair of the Capital Committee. He is a former member of the Agtegra Cooperative board and previously served as a director of the South Dakota Value Added Agriculture Development Center, South Dakota Soybean Association and Redfield Farmers Union Oil Company and has served on the Avera Rural Cancer Advisory Board. He holds a bachelor's degree in agricultural economics and agricultural business from South Dakota State University. Mr. Clemensen's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He and his wife raise corn, soybeans and wheat in Brown and Spink counties in South Dakota. 
 
 Scott Cordes, Second Vice Chair, has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2017. He is a member of the Corporate Risk and Governance committees. He serves as a director and past chair of Security State Bank of Wanamingo. Previously, he served as a director of Cooperative Network, the Minneapolis Grain Exchange and National Futures Association. He holds a bachelor's degree in agricultural economics from the University of Minnesota. Mr. Cordes' principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. Prior to his current occupation, he was a CHS employee from 1995 to 2016, serving as president of CHS Hedging, LLC, a commodities brokerage subsidiary of CHS from 2000 to 2016. He co-owns and operates a corn and soybean farm near Wanamingo, Minnesota. 
 
 Jon Erickson has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2011. He is a member of the Audit and Corporate Risk committees and previously served as second vice chair of the Executive Committee of the Board. He is an advisory board member for the Quentin Burdick Center for Cooperatives, a member of the Grand Farm board of directors, a board member of the State Historical Society of North Dakota Foundation, a council member of Rural Leadership North Dakota and a member of the North Dakota Farmers Union and North Dakota Stockmen's Association. He holds a bachelor's degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University. Mr. Erickson's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years, and he raises grain and oilseed and operates a commercial Hereford-Angus cow-calf business near Minot, North Dakota. 
 
 Mark Farrell has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2016. He is vice chair of the CHS Foundation Board of Trustees and a member of the Governance Committee. Previously, he served as a director and president of the Premier Cooperative board and as a director of Mount Horeb Farmers Co-op and United Ethanol. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison Agricultural Life Sciences Farm Industry Short Course. Mr. Farrell's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises corn and soybeans in Dane County, Wisconsin . 
 
 Steve Fritel has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2003. He chairs the Corporate Risk Committee and is a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Fritel previously served as first vice chair, second vice chair and secretary-treasurer of the Executive Committee of the Board. He earned an associate degree from North Dakota State College of Science. Mr. Fritel's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises spring wheat, durum wheat, soybeans, edible beans, corn and canola near Rugby, North Dakota, selling some of his edible beans to local family-owned restaurants. He also runs a family business providing on-farm grain storage equipment. 
 
 Alan Holm, Assistant Secretary-Treasurer, has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2013. Since 2021, he has been assistant secretary-treasurer of the Executive Committee of the Board. He is vice chair of the Government Relations Committee and a member of the Capital Committee. He also serves on the board for Citizens Bank of Minnesota and is former board chair of River Region Cooperative. He holds an associate degree in machine tool technology from Mankato (Minnesota) Technical College. Mr. Holm's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises corn, soybeans, sweet corn, peas and hay and owns and manages a cow-calf operation near Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. 
 
 David Johnsrud has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2012. He serves as chair of the Capital Committee and as a member of the Government Relations Committee. Previously, he served as board chair of AgCountry Farm Credit Services and as board chair of the Cooperative Network and on the boards of the Minnesota Farm Credit Legislative Committee, Farmers Union Oil, CHS Prairie Lakes, Mid-Minnesota Association and Minnesota State Co-op Directors Association, including terms as board secretary for Farmers Union Oil and CHS Prairie Lakes. Mr. Johnsrud's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises corn and soybeans near Starbuck, Minnesota. 
 
 Tracy Jones has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2017. He is chair of the Governance Committee and a member of the Capital Committee. He has served on the DeKalb County Board and on the boards of CHS Elburn, the former Elburn Co-op, DeKalb County Farm Bureau, DeKalb Kane Cattlemen's Association and DeKalb County Corn Growers. He earned an associate degree in farm management from Kishwaukee College in Malta, Illinois. Mr. Jones' principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He operates a fourth-generation family farm near Kirkland, Illinois, that raises corn, soybeans and wheat and feeds cattle. 
 
 David Kayser has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. He serves as vice chair of the Corporate Risk Committee and as a member of the Governance Committee. Mr. Kayser is a previous director and chair of CHS Farmers Alliance and South Dakota Association of Cooperatives and former chair of the Mitchell (South Dakota) Technical College 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Foundation Board. Mr. Kayser's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises corn, soybeans and hay near Alexandria, South Dakota, and operates a cow-calf and feeder-calf business. 
 
 Russell Kehl, Secretary-Treasurer, has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2017. Since 2019, Mr. Kehl has served as secretary-treasurer of the Executive Committee of the Board. He is vice chair of the Governance Committee and a member of the Capital Committee. He previously was a director of CHS SunBasin Growers and vice chair of the Columbia Basin Seed Association. Mr. Kehl's primary occupation has been farming for more than five years. He and his family operate a farm near Quincy, Washington, that produces crops, primarily potatoes and dry beans, and includes a cow-calf herd. His family also owns and operates dry bean processing facilities, a custom farming business and a trucking and logistics company. 
 
 Anthony Rossman has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2023. He is a member of the Audit Committee and the CHS Foundation Board of Trustees. Mr. Rossman previously served as president of the CHS ag retail producer board based in Rochester, Minnesota. He is active in emerging technology and sustainability initiatives for production agriculture and is a member of state corn and soybean growers associations. He holds a bachelor's degree in animal science from North Dakota State University. Mr. Rossman's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He operates and manages a crop and livestock operation near Oronoco, Minnesota, and manages genetic alliances in the beef industry. 
 
 Daniel Schurr, Chair, has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2006. Since 2017, Mr. Schurr has served as chair of the Executive Committee of the Board. He serves on the Blackhawk Bank and Trust board and audit and loan committees and previously served on the Silos and Smokestacks National Heritage Area board. He holds a bachelor's degree in agricultural business with a minor in economics from Iowa State University. Mr. Schurr's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He raises corn and soybeans near LeClaire, Iowa, and operates a commercial trucking business. 
 
 Jerrad Stroh has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2022. He is vice chair of the Audit Committee and is a member of the CHS Foundation Board of Trustees. He serves on the board of Cooperative Producers, Inc., and has completed the Nebraska Cooperative Council Director Certification Program. Mr. Stroh s principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He and his family raise corn and soybeans near Juniata, Nebraska. 
 
 Kevin Throener has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2019. He chairs the CHS Foundation Board of Trustees and is a member of the Audit Committee. He has served on the board of directors of CHS Dakota Plains and has been a member of Full Circle Ag, James Valley Ag and Agtegra cooperatives. He is an advisory board member for the Quentin Burdick Center for Cooperatives and a member of the North Dakota Stockmen's Association. He attended North Dakota State University, majoring in agricultural systems management. Mr. Throener's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. He and his wife and family raise corn, soybeans, alfalfa and cattle near Cogswell, North Dakota, and they also operate a beef backgrounding and finishing enterprise and a custom forage harvesting business. 
 
 Cortney Wagner has been a member of the CHS Board of Directors since 2020. She is a member of the Corporate Risk and Government Relations committees. She serves on the board of the Montana Council of Cooperatives. She holds a real estate license and has served as a trust associate at 1st National Bank and Trust Company. She earned an associate of arts degree from Williston State College and attended the University of North Dakota, majoring in business finance and psychology. Ms. Wagner's principal occupation has been farming for more than five years. She is a first-generation cattle and hay producer based near Hardin, Montana. 
 
 Director Elections and Voting 
 
 Director elections are for three-year terms and are open to any qualified candidate. Qualifications for the office of director are as follows: 
 
 At the time of declaration of candidacy, the individual (except in the case of an incumbent) must have the written endorsement of a locally elected producer board that is part of the CHS system and located within the region from which the individual is to be a candidate. 
 At the time of the election, the individual must be less than 68 years old. 
 
 The remaining qualifications set forth below must be met at all times commencing six months prior to the time of election and while the individual holds office: 
 
 The individual must be a Class A individual member of CHS or a member of a cooperative association member. 
 The individual must reside in the region from which he or she is to be elected. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The individual must be an active farmer or rancher. "Active farmer or rancher" means an individual whose primary occupation is that of a farmer or rancher, excluding anyone who is an employee of CHS or of a cooperative association member. 
 The following positions on the Board of Directors will be up for election at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Members: Region Incumbent Region 3 (North Dakota) Open Seat Region 4 (South Dakota) David Kayser Region 6 (Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Washington and Utah) Russell Kehl Region 7 (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee) Open Seat Region 8 (Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas) David Beckman 
 
 Voting rights, including those in regard to director elections, arise by virtue of membership in CHS, not because of ownership of any equity or debt instruments; therefore, our preferred shareholders cannot recommend nominees to our Board of Directors nor vote in regard to director elections unless they are also Class A or Class C members of CHS. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The table below lists our executive officers as appointed by the CHS Board of Directors as of August 31, 2024: Name Age Position Jay Debertin 64 President and Chief Executive Officer David Black 58 Executive Vice President, Enterprise Transformation and Chief Information Officer Richard Dusek 60 Executive Vice President, Ag Retail, Distribution and Transportation John Griffith 55 Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging Gary Halvorson 51 Executive Vice President, Enterprise Customer Development Darin Hunhoff 54 Executive Vice President, Energy Mary Kaul-Hottinger 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Olivia Nelligan 49 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Brandon Smith 44 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 
 Jay Debertin has been president and chief executive officer ("CEO") of CHS since May 2017. Mr. Debertin joined CHS in 1984 in the petroleum division and held a variety of positions in its energy marketing operations before being named vice president of crude oil supply in 1998. In 2001, his responsibilities expanded to include crude oil supply, refining, pipelines and terminals, trading and risk management, and transportation. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Debertin was executive vice president and chief operating officer for processing at CHS. From 2010 to 2017, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of energy and foods, where he led energy, transportation and processing at CHS. Mr. Debertin serves as chair of the board for Ventura Foods, LLC, and the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives. He also serves on the board of directors for the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis and Securian Financial. He earned a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of North Dakota and a master of business administration degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. 
 
 David Black has been executive vice president, enterprise transformation, and chief information officer for CHS since December 2022. He is responsible for enterprise transformation, marketing and communications, innovation, facilities and CHS global information technology. Mr. Black leads enterprise transformation efforts, driving ongoing companywide efficiency and opportunities for profitable growth, as well as strategy, implementation, delivery and operation of information technology for all CHS businesses worldwide. He also oversees our owner and employee communications, advertising and public relations. Mr. Black serves on the boards of Ventura Foods and Cooperative Ventures, a venture capital fund joint venture between CHS and Growmark that focuses on innovative solutions and emerging technologies that positively impact farming. He is former board chair of Ag Gateway, a nonprofit consortium of 300-plus businesses, which strives to promote, enable and expand e-business in agriculture. Mr. Black joined CHS in 2014 and previously worked at Monsanto Company, where he served as vice president, information technology, overseeing all aspects of information technology for its global commercial businesses. During his 20 years with Monsanto, he also served as vice president, corporate strategy, and president, Monsanto Agro-Services, LLC, and was responsible for new business development. Mr. Black earned a bachelor's degree in computer science from Tarkio College. 
 
 Richard Dusek has been executive vice president, ag retail, distribution and transportation, since November 2017. He leads CHS ag retail operations and wholesale distribution assets that serve as a critical channel for our core businesses, aligning 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 an enterprise supply chain for energy, agronomy, animal nutrition and grain product lines to serve our owners, and driving growth and efficiency through a customer-focused solutions platform. Mr. Dusek also oversees the enterprise transportation function, which includes all modes serving our product lines. He is a former board member of The Fertilizer Institute and the Minneapolis Grain Exchange. He joined CHS in 1988 as a wheat trader. Prior to leading our ag retail business, Mr. Dusek held roles as vice president in our grain marketing and agronomy divisions. He earned a bachelor of science degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University and is a graduate of the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program. 
 
 John Griffith has been executive vice president, ag business and CHS Hedging, since January 2021. He leads CHS trading and risk management for global grain, oilseeds, crop nutrients and crop protection. Mr. Griffith also serves as board chair for CHS Hedging, a commodities brokerage subsidiary of CHS, and represents CHS on the CF Nitrogen Board of Managers. He previously chaired the North American Export Grain Association board and served on the Minneapolis Grain Exchange board of directors. Mr. Griffith worked for CHS early in his career as a grain merchandiser and rejoined CHS at a leadership level in January 2013. Since that time, he has held various leadership roles within global grain marketing, including senior vice president, CHS global grain marketing and CHS Hedging, and vice president, grain marketing North America. He earned a bachelor's degree from St. John's University and a master of business administration degree from Rockhurst University. 
 
 Gary Halvorson has been executive vice president, enterprise customer development, since December 2022. He is responsible for efforts across all product lines to deliver a focused and coordinated customer experience for owners and customers. Mr. Halvorson serves on the advisory council for Cooperative Ventures, a venture capital fund joint venture between CHS and Growmark that focuses on innovative solutions and emerging technologies that positively impact farming. Mr. Halvorson has served on the National FFA Sponsors Board, the Agricultural Retailers Association board of directors and The Fertilizer Institute (TFI) board of directors. He joined CHS more than 20 years ago. Most recently, he led the CHS agronomy business. Prior to that, Mr. Halvorson held various leadership roles with CHS at locations in North Dakota before becoming general manager for CHS Ag Services in Warren, Minnesota. Mr. Halvorson also served as vice president of farm supply for CHS country operations. He earned a bachelor's degree in business from Concordia University. 
 
 Darin Hunhoff has been executive vice president, energy, since May 2017. He leads CHS energy operations including refineries, pipelines and terminals, as well as refined fuels, propane and lubricants product lines. In addition, he oversees sustainability at CHS, which is focused on a long-term view on people, communities, economic viability and environmental success, as well as the CHS strategic sourcing function. Mr. Hunhoff previously served on the board of directors for Ardent Mills. He joined CHS more than 25 years ago as a petroleum specialist. He has also been chief strategy officer for CHS and has spent several years in energy leadership roles, including time as senior vice president of refined fuels and vice president of propane. He earned a bachelor's degree in marketing and business management from Southwest Minnesota State University. 
 
 Mary Kaul-Hottinger has been executive vice president, chief human resources officer, for CHS since January 2023. Ms. Kaul-Hottinger sets direction and strategy to help CHS achieve key priorities with a focus on helping the organization attract, develop and retain high-performing and diverse talent to drive business growth and the company s strategies. She also has responsibility for the company s community giving and employee volunteerism. Ms. Kaul-Hottinger has more than 38 years of experience in human resources. She joined CHS in 2018 as the senior vice president, chief human resources officer, after serving 11 years at Ecolab as vice president of human resources for Ecolab s global businesses, where she and her team supported multiple business units with more than 30,000 employees in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. Prior to joining Ecolab in 2007, she served in human resources leadership roles supporting operating divisions at General Mills and Pillsbury. She also held human resources roles at Securian Financial, formerly Minnesota Life. Ms. Kaul-Hottinger serves as board co-chair of Together We Grow, a consortium of major agribusiness and food interests building the workforce of tomorrow, and on the board of directors for the Greater Twin Cities United Way. She earned a bachelor s degree in business administration from the University of St. Thomas. 
 
 Olivia Nelligan is executive vice president, chief financial officer and chief strategy officer for CHS, joining the organization in January 2020. She leads all finance and strategic planning activities across CHS, being a key advisor to the CEO and the CHS Board of Directors. Ms. Nelligan serves on the Board of Directors for Ardent Mills, a strategic joint venture of CHS and a leading flour milling and food ingredient manufacturer. She also serves on the board of directors for Cooperative Ventures, a CHS joint venture and corporate venture capital fund that focuses on innovative solutions and emerging technologies that positively impact farming. Before joining CHS, Ms. Nelligan held executive positions in multiple organizations. Her past experience includes serving as chief executive officer of Nasco, LLC, a private equity-owned company. Ms. Nelligan spent more than a decade with Kerry Group plc, serving as global chief financial and strategic planning officer of its Taste and Nutrition division. She holds a bachelor's degree in civil law and a higher diploma in business and financial information systems from University College Cork, Ireland, and a master of business administration degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She is a fellow of Chartered Accountants Ireland and an associate member of the Institute of Taxation in Ireland. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Brandon Smith has been executive vice president, general counsel for CHS since March 2021. He provides counsel to CHS leadership and the Board of Directors on company strategy, government affairs, corporate governance, corporate compliance, federal securities reporting and compliance, and disclosure and investor communications. Mr. Smith also oversees the CHS internal audit department. He previously worked at Tenneco Inc., a multinational industrial company based in Lake Forest, Illinois, for more than 12 years in various legal and leadership roles, most recently as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary. Prior to joining Tenneco, Mr. Smith worked for the Kirkland Ellis LLP law firm in Chicago, Illinois. He earned a juris doctor degree from Cornell Law School and a bachelor's degree in business management from Hiram College. 
 
 None of our directors, executive officers or control persons has been involved in any of the legal proceedings required to be disclosed in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, during the past five years. 

DELINQUENT SECTION 16(a) REPORTS 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of any class of our preferred stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC. Such executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 
 
 Based solely on a review of copies of reports on Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto filed electronically with the SEC during, and reports on Form 5 and amendments thereto filed electronically with the SEC with respect to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and based further upon written representations received by us with respect to the need to file reports on Form 5, no persons filed late reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal 2024. 

CODE OF ETHICS 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. This code of ethics applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. It is part of our broader CHS Code of Conduct, which is posted on our website, www.chsinc.com. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer on the our website. The information contained on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated in, this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 
 
 The Board of Directors has a separately designated standing Audit Committee for the purpose of overseeing our accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of our financial statements. In fiscal 2024, the Audit Committee was comprised of Mr. Beckman (chair from December 8, 2023, to present), Mr. Erickson, Mr. Fritel and Mr. Meyer (chair and member from September 1, 2023 to December 7, 2023), Mr. Rossman (from December 8, 2023, to present), Mr. Stroh and Mr. Throener, each of whom was an independent director during service on the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has oversight responsibility to our member-owners relating to our financial statements and the financial reporting process, preparation of the financial reports and other financial information provided by us to any governmental or regulatory body, the systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the internal audit function and the annual independent audit of our financial statements. The Audit Committee assures that the corporate information gathering and reporting systems developed by management represent a good faith attempt to provide senior management and the Board of Directors with information regarding material acts, events and conditions within CHS. In addition, the Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 We do not believe any member of the Audit Committee is an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations thereunder. As a cooperative, members of our Board of Directors are nominated and elected by our members. To ensure geographic representation of our members, the Board of Directors represents eight regions in which our members are located. The voting members in each region nominate and elect the number of directors for that region as set forth in our bylaws. To be eligible for service as a director, a nominee must among other things, (i) be an active farmer or rancher, (ii) be a Class A individual member of CHS or member of a cooperative association and (iii) reside in the geographic region from which he or she is nominated. Neither management nor the incumbent directors have any control over the nominating process for directors. Because of the nomination procedure and the election process, we cannot ensure that an elected director serving on our Audit Committee will be an audit committee financial expert. However, many of our directors, including all of the Audit Committee members, are financially sophisticated and have experience or background in 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 which they have had significant financial management or oversight responsibilities. The current Audit Committee includes directors who have served as presidents or chairs of local cooperative association boards. Members of the Board of Directors, including the Audit Committee, also operate large commercial enterprises requiring expertise in all areas of management, including financial oversight. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 Overview 
 
 This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation awarded to each of the following executive officers ("Named Executive Officers") during the year ended August 31, 2024: 
 Name Position Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 
 
 CHS creates connections to empower agriculture for our producer and member cooperative owners and the communities in which we and our owners live and operate. Our executive compensation program is intentionally aligned with both operational objectives and long-term business strategy. The following discussion and analysis outlines the objectives and principles underlying our executive compensation and benefit programs and explains the compensation decisions impacting the CEO and other Named Executive Officers in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 
 The CHS executive compensation philosophy focuses on these key objectives: 
 
 Attract and retain exceptional talent who demonstrate the CHS capabilities and values and are engaged and committed to the long-term success of CHS by providing market-competitive compensation and benefit programs; 
 Align executive rewards to quantifiable annual and long-term performance goals that drive enterprise results and provide competitive returns to our member-owners; 
 Emphasize pay for performance by linking executive performance goals to business strategy and differentiating rewards based on company and individual performance; and 
 Ensure compliance with government mandates and regulations. 
 
 Our overall compensation philosophy and practices are grounded in our commitment to fair and equitable pay. This includes a regular review of employee compensation as well as compensation practices. 
 
 Governance of Executive Compensation 
 
 The Governance Committee and the Executive Committee of our Board of Directors have engaged a third-party consultant, Pay Governance LLC, to advise on the executive compensation program applicable to our executives, including our Named Executive Officers. 
 
 The Executive Committee oversees the design and administration of the CEO's compensation. Pay Governance, LLC provides guidance to the Executive Committee regarding market-competitive levels of base pay, short-term incentive, long-term incentive and the overall compensation package for our CEO. The d ata and analysis are shared with the Executive Committee, who consider these elements as part of the CEO pay review. The Executive Committee recommends to our Board of Directors pay actions relative to our CEO and approves annual and long-term incentive awards for our CEO based on individual performance and company performance against the preestablished financial goals. The Board of Directors makes final decisions regarding our CEO's base pay, short-term incentive pay and long-term incentive pay, as well as the allocation of these components. There are no formal policies for allocation between long-term and short-term compensation other than the intention to be competitive with the external market for comparable positions and to be consistent with our compensation philosophy and objectives. Our CEO is not involved with the selection of the third-party consultant and does not participate in or observe Executive Committee meetings that concern CEO compensation matters. 
 
 The Governance Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibilities regarding matters that relate to governing the organization, including reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to the establishment, 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 material modification to, or amendment of incentive, bonus or other similar compensation plans in which Named Executive Officers are eligible participants. Annually, the Governance Committee recommends incentive plan goals applicable to the Named Executive Officers under the incentive compensation plans to which they and other employees are eligible. The Board of Directors makes final decisions regarding these incentive plan goals. 
 
 Based on compensation market data provided by our human resources department (survey sources and methodology are explained below under "Components of Executive Compensation and Benefits") and with input from the third-party consultant if necessary, our CEO makes compensation decisions for the other Named Executive Officers and communicates them accordingly. The day-to-day design and administration of compensation and benefit plans are managed by our human resources, finance and legal departments. 
 
 Components of Executive Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Our executive compensation and benefit program consists of five components. 
 Pay Component Description Objective Base Pay Competitive salary considering market benchmarks and internal pay structure and relative to individual skills, experience, knowledge and contributions 
 Provide the fixed element of compensation for the core duties, scope and level of responsibilities of the job 
 Short-Term Incentive Short-term performance-based variable pay incentive for achieving predetermined annual financial and individual performance goals 
 Provide a direct link between pay and annual business performance, achievement of critical business initiatives and financial results 
 Long-Term Incentive Long-term performance-based variable pay incentive for achieving predetermined three-year Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC") goals 
 Provide a direct link between executive pay and long-term business performance to align management and member-owner interests while driving executive retention 
 Profit Sharing 
 Performance-based annual award for achieving predetermined enterprise-level financial goals 
 Reward employees for company profitability 
 Benefits 
 Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability and long-term disability, qualified and non-qualified retirement plans, and other benefits 
 Provide competitive total rewards program to attract and retain executives 

Market Competitiveness of Executive Compensation 
 
 Each component is designed to be competitive with the external market. In determining competitive compensation levels, we analyze independent compensation survey information, including comparable industries, markets, revenues and companies that compete with us for executive talent. In fiscal 2024, information from the following sources was considered: 
 
 Willis Towers Watson General Industry Executive (U.S.) 
 Willis Towers Watson Custom Peer Comparator Group Executive (U.S.; includes the portion of the 17 peer companies that elected to participate in the survey) 
 US Mercer Benchmark Database/Total Remuneration Survey (Executive) 
 Radford/Aon Global Compensation Database (Executive) 
 
 The survey and database data include a range of competitive pay levels, including median market rates for base salary, short-term incentive, total cash compensation, long-term incentive and total direct compensation. Companies included in the surveys and databases vary by industry, revenue and number of employees, and represent both public and private ownership, as well as nonprofit, government and mutual organizations. 
 
 In determining competitive compensation levels for the CEO, various factors were considered including market data from surveys and publicly available proxy compensation data from a specific comparator group of peer companies, which consists of 17 public companies in the agriculture, energy, food and transportation industries. Our Board annually reviews the peer group comparator companies and adjusts as needed to ensure the comparator group represents a reasonable external perspective for pay benchmarking. The Board approved the following changes to the comparator group for 2024: 
 Removal of three private companies (Cargill, Koch Industries and Land O Lakes) due to lack of publicly disclosed pay data 
 Removal of Williams Companies due to decreased relevance in business scope 
 Addition of five companies based on industry and business mix, size and overall reasonableness for pay benchmarking 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Comparator Group ADM C.H. Robinson 
 HF Sinclair Corporation 
 Marathon Petroleum 
 Valero Energy Bayer Conagra Brands 
 Hormel Foods 
 Mosaic 
 Bunge Corteva 
 Ingredion Incorporated 
 Nutrien 
 CF Industries General Mills 
 Kinder Morgan 
 Phillips 66 
 
 New company added to the comparator group for 2024 
 
 The objective is to provide our executives with an overall total compensation package that is competitive in comparable industries, companies and markets. We target around market median compensation levels for base pay, target total cash and target total direct compensation, and around the 75 th percentile for actual total direct compensation when our performance is well above target goals and below market median levels if performance is below target goals. 
 
 For the Named Executive Officers excluding the CEO in 2024, target total compensation was, on average, aligned to the desired competitive range. Base pay, on average, was slightly below the market median while total cash compensation and total direct compensation yielded around 75 th percentile of market, on average, due to actual earned short-term incentive awards at the maximum level of performance and actual earned long-term incentive awards for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period at the superior level of performance. 
 
 For fiscal 2024, the CEO's base pay, target total cash compensation and target total direct compensation were set to be aligned to the desired competitive range. Based on a review of the market benchmarks, consideration of the CEO's outstanding sustained performance and long service, and to further emphasize performance-based incentive award opportunities, target pay was increased for fiscal 2024 primarily in the long-term incentive target award opportunity to align to our multi-year performance. From an actual pay perspective, with strong company performance over the past three fiscal years (2022 - 2024), his actual total direct compensation for fiscal 2024 was above both target levels and market median due to outperformance of the preestablished goals. 
 
 Target Pay Mix 
 
 The objectives of our executive compensation program require a suitable mix of base pay, short-term incentive and long-term incentive that will engage the executive officers to achieve both short-term results as well as strategic results that benefit our member-owners' interests over the long term while maintaining alignment with the competitive talent market. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The charts below illustrate the mix of base salary, short-term incentive target pay and long-term incentive target pay based on the 2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards values (see the Summary Compensation Table) for our CEO and the other Named Executive Officers as a group. The increase in the CEO's target award opportunity for the long-term incentive for performance periods beginning with the award granted in fiscal 2024 resulted in a shift to the pay mix with more of his target total compensation weighted towards long-term business performance, which aligns with our overall executive compensation objectives and market practices. 
 
 Base Pay 
 
 Base pay of our Named Executive Officers represents a fixed element of compensation paid as a salary on a semimonthly basis. Salaries are generally set around the median level of market data collected through our benchmarking process against other equivalent positions of comparable companies. The individual's actual salary relative to the market median is based on a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, scope and level of responsibilities, individual skills, experience and performance. 
 
 Salaries for our Named Executive Officers are reviewed on an annual basis or at the time of significant changes in scope and level of responsibilities. Changes in salaries are determined through review of competitive market data, as well as individual performance and contribution, internal equity and other factors. Changes are not governed by preestablished weighting factors or a specific merit matrix. Our CEO is responsible for the annual salary review process for the other Named Executive Officers. The Executive Committee is responsible for the annual salary review process for our CEO. 
 
 Mr. Debertin received an approximate 6.2 salary increase effective December 1, 2023. Our Board of Directors approved the increase to reward Mr. Debertin for exceptional performance and align his base pay relative to market considering his long tenure as CEO. Ms. Nelligan, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hunhoff, and Mr. Griffith received salary increases of 5 , 3.5 , 3 and 4 , respectively, to reward them for strong performance and maintain market pay competitiveness. 
 
 Overview of Performance-Based Incentive Plans 
 
 We operate our diversified global businesses to maximize value, in the near-term and long-term, for our member cooperatives, farmer-owners and customers. Our executive compensation program reflects this key objective by emphasizing performance-based incentive opportunities, through the short-term and long-term incentive plans that are discussed in detail below, with awards earned commensurate with financial results. The actual payouts for the incentive cycles ended in fiscal 2024 reflect the team's outstanding execution relative to our business strategy in key areas including revenues, earnings and capital management, which are, collectively, captured in our primary financial measure of ROIC. 
 
 Short-Term Incentive Pay 
 
 Named Executive Officers participate in the same CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan ("Annual Variable Pay Plan" or "AVP") as other management and professional employees, and based on the plan provisions, when they are hired or retire they receive awards prorated to the period of time they were eligible. Each Named Executive Officer was eligible to participate in the AVP for the entirety of fiscal 2024. Target AVP award levels are set with reference to various factors including internal equity 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 and competitive market compensation levels and are intended to motivate our executives by providing short-term incentive awards for the achievement of annual goals. For fiscal 2024, the AVP incentive was weighted 70 on enterprise-level financial performance and 30 on individual performance. 
 
 The financial performance component was based on preestablished ROIC goals at the enterprise level. The threshold, target and maximum ROIC goals approved by the Board of Directors for fiscal 2024 are set forth in the table below. 
 The individual performance component was based on achievement of specific goals relating to areas such as business profitability, execution of strategic initiatives and/or talent acquisition, development and retention. In conjunction with the annual performance review process for our CEO, the Board of Directors reviews the individual goals and, in turn, determines and approves this portion of the short-term incentive award based upon completion or partial completion of the previously specified goals and principal job accountabilities. Likewise, our CEO uses a similar process for determining individual goal achievement for the other Named Executive Officers. 
 
 CHS financial performance goals and award opportunities under our fiscal 2024 AVP were as follows: 
 
 Performance Level CHS ROIC Goal Target Award Multiple Maximum 9.0 2.0x Target 7.5 1.0x Threshold 6.0 0.5x Below threshold 
 ROIC is not defined under U.S. GAAP. Therefore, it should not be considered a substitute for other measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 
 ROIC is a measurement of how efficiently we use capital and the level of return on that capital. It is calculated by dividing adjusted net operating profit after tax by average funded debt plus beginning equity. We define adjusted net operating profit after tax as earnings before taxes excluding the impact of certain non-recurring business events, plus net interest generated from investing and financing activities, and the result is multiplied by the effective tax rate. For purposes of the fiscal 2024 AVP, we define funded debt as the sum of the average of beginning and end of year long-term debt, including the current portion thereof, plus any guarantees thereof, using balances as of July 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and the total beginning of year equity as of July 31, 2023, respectively. Further, for purposes of the fiscal 2024 AVP, we excluded the impacts of a pension plan withdrawal liability, an impairment charge and a severance accrual as non-recurring events. 
 
 ROIC results for fiscal 2024 were 9.5 , resulting in award payouts at 2.0x target for the financial performance component. Although adjusted net operating profit after tax decreased in fiscal 2024 from the record results in the previous year due to the commodity cycle downturn, profitability was elevated from historical averages. The less favorable market conditions negatively impacted refining margins in our Energy segment and oilseed crush margins in our Ag segment, but both segments still performed well and were able to deliver solid financial results. Mr. Debertin, the other Named Executive Officers, and our other CHS employees were able to consistently execute to meet the needs of our customers and member-owners. The CEO and each Named Executive Officer's performance was determined by the Board of Directors or the CEO, respectively, to have been strong against their individual goals, and therefore, each Named Executive Officer was awarded an above target payout for the 30 individual performance component. Short-term incentive awards that were earned under the AVP for fiscal 2024 for the Named Executive Officers are as follows: 
 
 Name Position 2024 AVP Awards (Dollars) Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 4,350,000 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 1,569,992 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel 1,431,731 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy 1,402,657 John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 1,392,144 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Pay 
 
 Each Named Executive Officer was eligible to participate in the CHS Inc. Executive Long-Term Incentive Plan ("ELTIP"). The purpose of the ELTIP is to align executive pay with long-term business performance, maximize long-term value for our member-owners and retain key executives. The ELTIP consists of three-year performance periods to ensure consideration 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 is made for our long-term financial performance and strategic execution, with a new performance period beginning every fiscal year. Our Board of Directors approves the ELTIP goals for each three-year period. 
 
 Earned awards from the ELTIP are contributed to the Deferred Compensation Plan after the end of each performance period. These awards vest over an additional 28-month period following the performance period end date. Participants who leave CHS prior to retirement for reasons other than death or disability forfeit all unearned and unvested ELTIP award balances. Participants who meet retirement criteria, die or become disabled receive prorated awards following the ELTIP provisions. Like the AVP, target award levels for the ELTIP are set with regard to various factors including internal equity and market competitive considerations. The target ELTIP award is 1.25x base salary for Named Executive Officers other than Mr. Debertin for performance periods beginning on or after September 1, 2021 (including the three-year ELTIP performance period ending in fiscal 2024). Mr. Debertin's target ELTIP award is 3.0x his base salary for performance periods beginning on or after September 1, 2021 (including the three-year ELTIP performance period ending in fiscal 2024) and increases to 5.0x his base salary for performance periods beginning on or after September 1, 2023. 
 
 For the three-year ELTIP period ended in fiscal 2024, the ELTIP performance measure was ROIC. As stated above in the AVP section, ROIC is a measurement of how efficiently we use capital and the level of return on that capital and is calculated by dividing adjusted net operating profit after tax by average funded debt plus total equity at the beginning of the year. For purposes of the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period, we define funded debt as the sum of the average of long-term debt at the beginning and end of the year, including the current portion thereof, plus any guarantees thereof, using balances as of July 31, 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and the total beginning of year equity as of July 31, 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. Further, for purposes of calculating adjusted net operating profit for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period, we excluded the impacts of a pension plan withdrawal liability, an impairment charge and a severance accrual as non-recurring events. 
 
 Award opportunities for the fiscal 2022-2024 ELTIP performance period are expressed as a multiple of a participant's average base salary as of August 31 for each of the three years in the performance period. We must meet a three-year period threshold level of ROIC performance for any participant to earn an award. As indicated in the table below, the threshold, target, maximum and superior maximum ROIC goals for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period are as follows: 
 
 Performance Level CHS Three-Year ROIC Goal Target Award Multiple Superior Maximum (1) 
 9.7 4.0x (1) 
 Maximum 7.7 2.0x Target 6.7 1.0x Threshold 5.7 0.5x Below threshold 
 Business conditions in the agriculture and energy industries were favorable during the 2022-2024 performance period. Our ability to execute in this environment with strong operational performance resulted in ROIC of 16.1 , 16.4 and 9.5 in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, respectively. Overall ROIC performance for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period was 13.9 , resulting in superior maximum performance level awards equivalent to 4.0x the target for Named Executive Officers other than the CEO and a maximum performance level award equivalent to 2.0x the target for the CEO. ELTIP payments for the fiscal 2022-2024 ELTIP for the Named Executive Officers are as follows: 
 
 Name Position 2022-2024 ELTIP Award (Dollars) Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 8,257,328 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 3,255,000 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel 3,049,452 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy 3,049,172 John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 2,948,334 
 
 The fiscal 2024 award grant values associated with the fiscal 2024-2026 ELTIP performance period, which continue to measure three-year ROIC, are provided in the "2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards" table. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Profit-Sharing 
 
 Each Named Executive Officer was eligible to participate in our Profit-Sharing Plan, which is also available to other employees. The purpose of the Profit-Sharing Plan is to reward employees for our profitability. Annual profit-sharing contributions for executives are calculated as a percent of base pay and annual variable pay (total calendar year earnings) and are made to the CHS Inc. 401(k) Plan ("401(k) Plan") account and CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan ("Deferred Compensation Plan") account of each Named Executive Officer. The profit-sharing amount varies in relation to CHS ROIC performance. The fiscal 2024 Profit-Sharing Plan ROIC goals and contribution as a percent of total earnings are displayed in the following table: 
 
 Performance Level CHS ROIC Goal Profit-Sharing Award Maximum 9.0 5 8.3 4 Target 7.5 3 6.8 2 Threshold 6.0 1 
 
 ROIC results for fiscal 2024 were 9.5 . Accordingly, each Named Executive Officer earned a 5 Profit-Sharing award. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 We provide the following retirement and deferral programs to Named Executive Officers: 
 
 CHS Inc. Pension Plan 
 CHS Inc. 401(k) Plan 
 CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 CHS Inc. Pension Plan 
 
 The CHS Inc. Pension Plan ("Pension Plan") is a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. All Named Executive Officers participate in the Pension Plan. A Named Executive Officer is fully vested in the Pension Plan after three years of vesting service. The Pension Plan provides for a lump sum payment of the participant s account balance once the Named Executive Officer reaches normal retirement age (or, alternatively, for a monthly annuity for the Named Executive Officer's lifetime if elected by the Named Executive Officer). The normal form of benefit for a single Named Executive Officer is a life annuity, and for a married Named Executive Officer, the normal form of benefit is a 50 joint and survivor annuity. Other annuity forms are also available on an actuarial equivalent basis. Compensation and benefits are limited based on limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 A Named Executive Officer's benefit under the Pension Plan depends on pay credits to his or her account, which are based on the Named Executive Officer's total salary and annual variable pay for each year of employment, date of hire, age at date of hire and the length of service, and investment credits, which are computed using the interest crediting rate and the Named Executive Officer's account balance at the beginning of the plan year. 
 
 The amount of pay credits added to a Named Executive Officer's account each year is a percentage of the Named Executive Officer s base salary and annual variable pay plus compensation reduction pursuant to the 401(k) Plan and any pretax contribution to any of our welfare benefit plans, paid vacations, paid leaves of absence and pay received if away from work due to a sickness or injury. The pay credits percentage received is determined on a yearly basis, based on the years of benefit service completed as of December 31 of each year. A Named Executive Officer receives one year of benefit service for every calendar year of employment in which the Named Executive Officer completed at least 1,000 hours of service. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Pay credits are earned according to the following schedules: 
 
 Regular Pay Credits 
 Regular Pay Credit Years of Benefit Service Pay Below Social Security Taxable Wage Base Pay Above Social Security Taxable Wage Base 1-3 years 3 6 4-7 years 4 8 8-11 years 5 10 12-15 years 6 12 16 years or more 7 14 
 
 Mid-Career Pay Credits 
 
 Employees hired after age 40 qualify for the following minimum pay credit: 
 Minimum Pay Credit Age at Date of Hire Pay Below Social Security Taxable Wage Base Pay Above Social Security Taxable Wage Base Age 40-44 4 8 Age 45-49 5 10 Age 50 or higher 6 12 
 
 Investment Credits 
 
 We credit a Named Executive Officer's account at the end of the calendar year with an investment credit based on the balance at the beginning of the year. The investment credit is based on the average return for one-year Treasury bills for the four-month period from August 1 through November 30 of the prior year. The minimum interest rate under the Pension Plan is 4.65 , and the maximum is 10 . 
 
 CHS Inc. 401(k) Plan 
 
 The 401(k) Plan is a tax-qualified, defined contribution retirement plan. Most full-time, nonunion CHS employees are eligible to participate in the 401(k) Plan, including each Named Executive Officer. Participants may contribute between 1 and 50 of their pay on a pretax basis. We match 100 of the first 1 and 50 of the next 5 of pay contributed each year (maximum 3.5 ). Our Board of Directors may elect to reduce or eliminate matching contributions for any year or any portion thereof. Participants are 100 vested in their own contributions and are fully vested after two years of service in matching contributions made on the participant s behalf by us. 
 
 CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 Because the Internal Revenue Code limits the benefits that may be paid from the Pension Plan and the 401(k) Plan, the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") and the Deferred Compensation Plan ("DCP") were established to provide certain employees participating in the qualified plans with supplemental benefits such that, in the aggregate, they equal the benefits they would have been entitled to receive under the qualified plan had these limits not been in effect. The SERP also includes compensation deferred under the DCP that is excluded under the qualified retirement plan. All Named Executive Officers are eligible to participate in the SERP. 
 
 Compensation includes total salary and annual variable pay without regard to limitations on compensation imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Company contributions under the Pension Plan and 401(k) Plan are not eligible for pay credits. 
 
 Certain Named Executive Officers may have accumulated nonqualified plan balances or benefits that have been carried over from predecessor companies as a result of past mergers and acquisitions. Benefits from the SERP are primarily funded in a rabbi trust, with a balance as of August 31, 2024, of 37.5 million. Benefits from the plan do not qualify for special tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The DCP allows eligible Named Executive Officers to voluntarily defer receipt of up to 75 of their base salary and up to 100 of their annual variable pay. The election must occur prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the compensation will be paid. During the year ended August 31, 2024, all of the Named Executive Officers were eligible to participate in the DCP. Mr. Debertin, Ms. Nelligan and Mr. Griffith participated in the elective portion of the DCP. 
 
 Benefits from the DCP are primarily funded in a rabbi trust, with a balance as of August 31, 2024, of 162.5 million. Benefits from the plan do not qualify for special tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Health and Welfare Benefits 
 
 The Named Executive Officers are eligible to participate in benefits under our comprehensive health and welfare program on the same basis as other eligible full-time employees. The health and welfare program includes benefits such as medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, spending accounts, travel accident and identity theft protection. Like non-executive full-time employees, participation in some of these benefit plans varies based on each Named Executive Officer's annual benefit elections. 
 
 Additional Benefits 
 
 Additional benefits such as executive long-term disability, executive physical examinations and limited financial and tax planning assistance are also available to our Named Executive Officers. These are provided as part of an overall executive rewards package that strives to be competitive and retain executive talent. More details can be found in the "All Other Compensation" section of the Summary Compensation Table. 
 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 On September 6, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy ("Recovery Policy") effective as of December 1, 2023. The purpose of the amendment to the Recovery Policy was to bring the Recovery Policy into compliance with newly adopted listing rule 5608 by Nasdaq and to provide general updates to the policy to reflect what we believe are best practices. Specifically, the Recovery Policy applies to our current and former directors, employees, and employees who are or were identified by us as an "officer" which for purposes of the Recovery Policy includes any person that performs policy-making functions for CHS or any subsidiary of CHS ("Recovery Party"). 
 
 The Recovery Policy provides that, in the event of a required restatement of our previously issued financial statements to reflect the correction of one or more errors that are material to those financial statements, we will require reimbursement or forfeiture of any excess incentive compensation received by any Covered Employee during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date our Board of Directors (including a committee of our Board of Directors) concludes or reasonably should have concluded, that CHS is required to prepare an accounting restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs CHS to prepare an accounting restatement. The amount of excess incentive compensation will be equal to the amount by which the Covered Recovery Party's incentive compensation for the relevant period exceeded the amount that would have been earned or awarded based on the restated financial results, as determined by our Board of Directors. The method used to recover the applicable excess incentive compensation will be determined by our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, and may include requiring reimbursement of cash incentive compensation that was previously paid, forfeiting any incentive compensation contribution made under the Deferred Compensation Plan, offsetting the recovered amount from any compensation or incentive compensation that may be earned or awarded in the future or taking any other remedial or recovery action permitted by law. 
 
 Detrimental Conduct Policy 
 
 On September 6, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the adoption of a detrimental conduct policy (the "Detrimental Conduct Policy") effective as of December 1, 2023. The Detrimental Conduct Policy applies to current and former officers and employees of CHS and its affiliated companies (each a "Covered Person"). 
 
 The Detrimental Conduct Policy also provides that, in the event our Board of Directors determines in good faith that a Covered Person has engaged in detrimental conduct, we may, (i) require the Covered Person reimburse or forfeit all or a portion of the Covered Person's incentive compensation with such forfeited amounts to be determined by our Board of Directors, (ii) conduct disciplinary action, up to, and including termination and (iii) report such Covered Person to applicable governmental authorities for possible criminal prosecution. For purposes of the Detrimental Conduct Policy, detrimental conduct includes: 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 deliberate and continued failure, after delivery of notice to such Covered Person by us, by a Covered Person to substantially perform his or her duties and responsibilities in a manner that has an adverse effect on us; 
 knowing and willful violation of any law, government regulation or company code of conduct or policy; 
 knowingly encouraging or directing others to violate any law, government regulation or company code of conduct or policy; 
 fraud or dishonesty resulting or intended to result in personal enrichment at our expense; 
 the commission of any felony or gross misconduct in the performance of duties that results in economic harm to us; 
 violation of any company policies regarding substance abuse and/or illegal drug use; 
 knowingly encouraging or directing others to violate safety measures resulting, or intended to result, in harm to any person or destruction or damage to any property of ours or other parties; 
 knowing and willful engagement in discrimination or harassment (whether sexual or otherwise) in violation of any of our policies prohibiting discrimination and/or harassment; 
 knowingly encouraging or directing others to violate any of CHS's policies prohibiting discrimination and harassment (whether sexual or otherwise); and 
 failing to cooperate with CHS in the investigation of any potential violations of the Code of Conduct or other applicable policies. 
 
 Agreements With Named Executive Officers 
 
 Mr. Debertin 
 
 On May 22, 2017, Mr. Debertin was elected as our President and CEO, and in connection therewith entered into an employment agreement with us on that date (the "Employment Agreement"). The Employment Agreement, as amended, has a term expiring August 31, 2026, provided that the Employment Agreement will thereafter automatically renew for an additional one-year period, unless either party notifies the other in writing, at least 120 days in advance of the relevant renewal date, of its intent not to renew the agreement for the additional one-year period. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the amended Employment Agreement Mr. Debertin is entitled to, among other things: 
 
 an annual base salary of 1,150,000, which has subsequently been increased by our Board of Directors to 1,450,000 and which is subject to further increase by our Board of Directors from time to time; 
 a target annual incentive compensation opportunity of 1.5x his annual base salary with a maximum opportunity equal to twice the target opportunity, based on achievement of performance goals set by our Board of Directors; 
 a target long-term incentive compensation award opportunity of 3.0x his average annual base salary over each three-year performance period applicable to that award opportunity, with a threshold opportunity equal to one-half of the target opportunity and a maximum opportunity equal to twice the target opportunity. Prior to the execution of Employment Agreement Amendment No. 2, the Employment Agreement provided Mr. Debertin with a target long-term incentive compensation award opportunity of 1.5x his average annual base salary over each three-year performance period applicable to that award opportunity with a maximum opportunity equal to three and one-third times his target award opportunity; and 
 welfare benefit continuation for two years following the termination of his employment, if Mr. Debertin chooses to retire from the Company on or after August 31, 2025. 
 
 Pursuant to an amendment in November 2023, in order to, among other things, recognize his outstanding performance and long tenure and to further emphasize performance-based incentive award opportunities that can be earned for long term strategy execution as reflected in our results relative to goals set at the start of the multi-year performance period, we agreed to provide Mr. Debertin the following for ELTIP awards for the 2024-2026 performance period (and any ELTIP performance period thereafter): 
 
 a target ELTIP award opportunity of 5x his average annual base salary over each three-year performance period applicable to that award opportunity, with a threshold ELTIP award opportunity equal to one-half of the target ELTIP award opportunity and a maximum ELTIP award opportunity equal to twice the target ELTIP award opportunity; and 
 if Mr. Debertin's employment ends due to death or permanent disability (as defined in our ELTIP) or if he is employed for at least 6 months of such a performance period and his employment ends due to retirement approved (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) by our Board of Directors, then upon completion and certification of performance results for such performance period, he will be eligible for a vested full grant participation in the applicable ELTIP award with the payout factor calculated at the same time as other participants. 
 
 The Employment Agreement and the compensation payable thereunder is subject to the Recovery Policy and the Detrimental Conduct Policy, each of which is described above. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The severance pay and benefits to which Mr. Debertin would be entitled under the Employment Agreement if we terminated his employment without cause or, if he terminated his employment for "good reason" are described below under "Post Employment." 
 
 Ms. Nelligan 
 
 Ms. Nelligan's compensation is set forth in a letter agreement we entered into with her on January 7, 2020 (the "Nelligan Letter Agreement"). The Nelligan Letter Agreement provides that Ms. Nelligan's initial target award for purposes of the Annual Variable Pay Plan will be equal to 1.15x her annual base salary on August 31 of each year. The Nelligan Letter Agreement and the compensation payable thereunder is subject to the Recovery Policy and the Detrimental Conduct Policy, each of which is described above. 
 
 The severance pay and benefits to which Ms. Nelligan would be entitled under the Nelligan Letter Agreement if we terminated her employment without cause or if she terminated her employment for "good reason" are described below under "Post Employment." 
 
 Mr. Smith 
 
 Mr. Smith's compensation is set forth in a letter agreement we entered into with him on January 1, 2021 (the "Smith Letter Agreement"). The Smith Letter Agreement provides Mr. Smith with an initial annual base salary of 570,000 and a hiring bonus in the gross amount of 1,500,000 ("Hiring Bonus"). The Smith Letter Agreement provides for the payment of the Hiring Bonus in three installments of 400,000, which were paid in previous years, and a final installment of 300,000 paid in 2024. 
 
 The Smith Letter Agreement provides that Mr. Smith's initial target award for purposes of the Annual Variable Pay Plan will be equal to 1.15x his annual base salary on August 31 of each year. The Smith Letter Agreement also provides that Mr. Smith's initial target award for purposes of the ELTIP will be equal to 1.15x the average of his annual base salary on August 31 of each year in the applicable three-year performance period, and that any award he receives under the ELTIP will be prorated by the number of full months (credited to September 1, 2020) he is eligible for participation in the ELTIP during the respective three-year performance period. 
 
 The Smith Letter Agreement and the compensation payable thereunder is subject to the Recovery Policy and the Detrimental Conduct Policy, each of which is described above. 
 
 The severance pay and benefits to which Mr. Smith would be entitled under the Smith Letter Agreement if we terminated his employment without cause or if he terminated his employment for "good reason" are described below under "Post Employment." 
 
 Tax Considerations 
 
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code ("Section 162(m)") generally limits us to a deduction for federal income tax purposes of no more than 1 million of compensation paid to certain current and former executive officers in a taxable year. 
 
 We believe that Section 162(m) is only one of several relevant considerations in setting compensation. We also believe that Section 162(m) should not be permitted to compromise our ability to design and maintain executive compensation arrangements that, among other things, are intended to attract and retain highly qualified executives in a competitive environment. As a result, we retain the flexibility to provide compensation that we determine to be in our best interests and the best interests of our member-owners, even if that compensation ultimately is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 
 CHS is committed to promoting high standards of ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. As part of this commitment, we have an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees and third-party contractors, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Shareholder Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation 
 
 Because we are not subject to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we are not required to, and do not, conduct shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus (1) 
 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation (2) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) All Other Compensation (4-10) Total (Dollars) Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 2024 1,428,900 12,607,328 1,255,762 483,074 15,775,064 2023 1,348,088 10,685,281 1,109,326 458,759 13,601,454 2022 1,300,316 12,145,152 661,879 372,610 14,479,957 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 2024 684,750 4,824,992 212,287 205,169 5,927,198 2023 640,000 4,324,000 146,672 177,920 5,288,592 2022 590,000 3,677,444 114,130 139,019 4,520,593 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel 2024 626,628 300,000 4,481,183 190,030 181,590 5,779,431 2023 602,767 400,000 4,114,852 138,124 176,677 5,432,420 2022 581,400 400,000 3,124,550 121,053 241,139 4,468,142 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy 2024 624,134 4,451,829 477,198 192,954 5,746,115 2023 603,730 4,124,032 228,585 176,585 5,132,932 2022 584,659 4,391,964 49,859 150,806 5,177,288 John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 2024 618,000 4,340,478 364,125 183,925 5,506,528 2023 581,667 3,902,332 230,942 169,553 4,884,494 2022 545,000 3,357,742 54,067 124,456 4,081,265 
 
 (1) Includes hiring bonus payments to Mr. Smith of 400,000 in 2022, 400,000 in 2023 and 300,000 in 2024. 
 
 (2) Amounts include retention awards earned in fiscal 2022, annual variable pay awards and long-term incentive awards. 
 
 The Board of Directors approved a retention award for certain senior officers, including each of the Named Executive Officers who were both active participants in the 2016-2018 ELTIP and active employees on the date the retention award was approved. Pursuant to its original terms, the retention award would generally be earned only if the participant continued active employment through January 1, 2021. In November 2020, our Board of Directors modified the terms of the retention award to provide that it would generally only be earned if the applicable participant continued active employment through January 1, 2022. The actual retention award value was distributed as follows in fiscal 2022: Mr. Debertin, 1,768,125, Mr. Hunhoff, 371,000 and Mr. Griffith, 180,400. Because Ms. Nelligan and Mr. Smith were not active participants in the 2016-2018 ELTIP or actively employed by us on the date the retention award was approved, they were not granted a retention award. 
 
 T he actual annual variable pay award value was a s follows in fiscal 2 024, 2023 and 2022, respectively : Mr. Debertin, 4,350,000, 4,096,800 and 3,939,192; Ms. Nelligan, 1,569,992, 1,518,000 and 1,380,000; Mr. Smith, 1,431,731, 1,404,380 and 1,350,330; Mr. Hunhoff, 1,402,657, 1,403,920 and 1,357,900; and Mr. Griffith, 1,392,144, 1,380,000 and 1,253,500. 
 
 The actual long-term incentive award value was as follows in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively: Mr. Debertin, 8,257,328, 6,588,481 and 6,437,835; Ms. Nelligan, 3,255,000, 2,806,000 and 2,297,444; Mr. Smith, 3,049,452, 2,710,472 and 1,774,220; Mr. Hunhoff, 3,049,172, 2,720,112 and 2,663,064; and Mr. Griffith, 2,948,334, 2,522,332 and 1,923,842. 
 
 (3) This column represents both changes in pension value and above-market earnings on deferred compensation. Change in pension value is the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the Named Executive Officer's benefit under his or her retirement program and nonqualified earnings, if applicable. 
 
 The aggregate change in the actuarial present value was as follows in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively: Mr. Debertin, 1,255,762, 973,758 and 334,447; Ms. Nelligan, 212,287, 135,559 and 88,098; Mr. Smith, 190,030, 129,192 and 112,719; Mr. Hunhoff, 477,198, 210,620 and (320,238); and Mr. Griffith, 364,125, 228,368 and 48,145. Negative values are not reflected in the sum reported in the column. 
 
 Above-market earnings on deferred compensation represent earnings exceeding 120 of the Federal Reserve long-term rate as determined by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") on applicable funds and were as follows in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively: Mr. Debertin, 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 0, 135,568 and 327,432; Ms. Nelligan, 0, 11,113 and 26,032; Mr. Smith, 0, 8,932 and 8,334; Mr. Hunhoff, 0, 17,965 and 49,859; and Mr. Griffith, 0, 2,574 and 5,922. 
 
 (4) Includes fiscal 2024 employer contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan: Mr. Debertin, 446,752; Ms. Nelligan, 167,214; Mr. Smith, 153,275, Mr. Hunhoff, 153,197; and Mr. Griffith, 150,320. 
 
 (5) Includes fiscal 2024 employer contribution to the 401(k) Plan: Mr. Debertin, 18,296; Ms. Nelligan, 18,233; Mr. Smith, 18,400; Mr. Hunhoff, 18,675; and Mr. Griffith, 15,375. 
 
 (6) For fiscal 2024, includes executive LTD, travel accident insurance, executive physical, financial planning, commemorative gift and companion travel for Mr. Debertin. 
 
 (7) For fiscal 2024, includes executive LTD, travel accident insurance, executive physical, financial planning and wellness program incentive for Ms. Nelligan. 
 
 (8) For fiscal 2024, includes executive LTD, travel accident insurance and wellness program incentive for Mr. Smith. 
 
 (9) For fiscal 2024, includes executive LTD, travel accident insurance, executive physical, financial planning, wellness program incentive, and companion travel for Mr. Hunhoff. 
 
 (10) For fiscal 2024, includes executive LTD, travel accident insurance, executive physical, financial planning, wellness program incentive and companion travel for Mr. Griffith. 
 
 2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Nonequity Incentive Plan Awards Name and Principal Position Grant Date Threshold Target Maximum (Dollars) Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 9/7/2023 (1) 
 1,024,200 2,048,400 4,096,800 9/7/2023 (2) 
 3,414,000 6,828,000 13,656,000 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 9/7/2023 (3) 
 379,500 759,000 1,518,000 9/7/2023 (4) 
 412,500 825,000 3,300,000 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel 9/7/2023 (3) 
 351,095 702,190 1,404,380 9/7/2023 (4) 
 381,625 763,250 3,053,000 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy 9/7/2023 (3) 
 350,980 701,960 1,403,920 9/7/2023 (4) 
 381,500 763,000 3,052,000 John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 9/7/2023 (3) 
 345,000 690,000 1,380,000 9/7/2023 (4) 
 375,000 750,000 3,000,000 
 
 (1) Represents range of possible awards under our fiscal 2024 Annual Variable Pay Plan for Mr. Debertin based on target award opportunity at 1.5x base salary. 
 
 (2) Represents ran ge of possible awards under our ELTIP for the fiscal 2024-2026 performance period for Mr. Debertin. Values for Mr. Debertin reflect the amendments to his long-term incentive compensation opportunity made pursuant to Employment Agreement Amendment No. 4, including ELTIP target award opportunity at 5.0x base salary. Awards are measured over a three-year period and vest over an additional 28-month period. 
 
 (3) Represents range of possible awards under our fiscal 2024 Annual Variable Pay Plan for the other NEOs based on target award opportunity at 1.15x base salary. 
 
 (4) Represents range of possible awards under our ELTIP for the fiscal 2024-2026 performance period for the other NEOs. Values include ELTIP target award opportunity at 1.25x base salary. Awards are measured over a three- year period and vest over an additional 28-month period. 
 
 The material terms of annual variable pay and long-term incentive awards that are disclosed in the above table, including the vesting schedule, are described under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" above. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Pension Benefits 
 Name and Principal Position Plan Name Years of Credited Service Present Value of Accumulated Benefits (Years) (Dollars) Jay Debertin (1) 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pension Plan 
 40.2500 1,444,574 SERP 
 40.2500 7,792,347 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Pension Plan 
 4.5833 73,809 SERP 
 4.5833 518,530 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel Pension Plan 
 3.4167 57,437 SERP 
 3.4167 402,547 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy Pension Plan 
 32.2500 899,939 SERP 
 32.2500 1,842,161 John Griffith (1) 
 Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 
 Pension Plan 
 23.1667 427,684 SERP 
 23.1667 1,018,068 
 (1) Mr. Debertin and Mr. Griffith are eligible for early retirement in both the Pension Plan and the SERP. 
 
 The above table shows the present value of accumulated retirement benefits that Named Executive Officers are entitled to under the Pension Plan and the SERP. 
 
 For a discussion of the material terms and conditions of the Pension Plan and the SERP, see "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" above. 
 
 The present value of accumulated benefits is determined in accordance with the same assumptions outlined in Note 13, Benefit Plans , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 a discount rate of 5.04 for the Pension Plan and 4.75 for the SERP; 
 each Named Executive Officer is assumed to retire at the earliest retirement age at which unreduced benefits are available (age 65). The early retirement benefit under the cash balance plan formula is equal to the participant s account balance; and 
 payments under the cash balance formula of the Pension Plan assume a lump sum payment. SERP benefits are payable as a lump sum. 
 
 The normal form of benefit for a single Named Executive Officer is a life-only annuity, and for a married Named Executive Officer the normal form of benefit is a 50 joint and survivor annuity. Other annuity forms are also available on an actuarial equivalent basis. A lump sum option is also available. 
 
 All Named Executive Officers' retirement benefits at normal retirement age will be equal to their accumulated benefits under the Pension Plan and the SERP, as described under "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" above. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 Name and Principal Position Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (1) Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (2) Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year (3) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions (4) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End (5) (Dollars) Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 4,332,528 7,024,734 5,008,208 8,806,418 44,275,940 Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 161,700 2,966,641 1,272,344 9,706,639 Brandon Smith Executive Vice President, General Counsel 2,856,997 224,613 5,639,589 Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President, Energy 2,866,542 2,046,305 16,293,910 John Griffith Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 138,000 2,665,921 990,117 9,405,426 
 (1) Includes contributions into the Deferred Compensation Plan by the Named Executive Officers representing deferred salary and deferred annual incentive pay from September 1, 2023 through August 31, 2024. Deferred salary contributions were reported as fiscal 2024 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table, and deferred annual incentive pay was reported as fiscal 2023 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. 
 
 (2) Includes contributions made by us into the Deferred Compensation Plan on behalf of Named Executive Officers representing retirement contributions for Profit-Sharing and 401(k) match on amounts exceeding IRS compensation limits (which were reported as fiscal 2024 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table) and ELTIP contributions (which were reported as fiscal 2023 compensation in the Summary Compensation Table) from September 1, 2023 through August 31, 2024. 
 
 (3) Includes aggregate earnings on Named Executive Officer Deferred Compensation Plan accounts from September 1, 2023 through August 31, 2024, which are not required to be reported as compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. Deferred Compensation Plan earnings are based on investment elections made by the Named Executive Officer from thirteen market-based notional investments and a fixed rate fund. The investment returns for fiscal 2024 were as follows: 
 
 Fund Name Investment Return Vanguard Federal Money Market Fund 5.42 Vanguard LifeStrategy Income Fund 10.17 Vanguard LifeStrategy Conservative Growth Fund 13.30 Vanguard LifeStrategy Moderate Growth Fund 16.39 Vanguard LifeStrategy Growth Fund 19.53 Vanguard International Value Fund 13.28 PRIMECAP Fund Admiral 22.92 International Growth Fund Admiral 16.70 Institutional Index Fund Institutional Plus 27.11 Extended Market Index Institutional 20.42 Total International Stock Index Fund Institutional Shares 17.76 Janus Henderson Triton Fund Class N 15.52 American Century Small Cap Value Fund R6 Class 17.33 Fixed Rate Fund 5.00 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Includes payments of previously deferred amounts made in accordance with elections by the Named Executive Officer and in accordance with Section 409A under the Internal Revenue Code. Payments under the Deferred Compensation Plan may be made at a specified date elected by the Named Executive Officer or deferred until retirement, disability, or death. 
 
 (5) Represents the aggregate balance of non-qualified deferred compensation as of August 31, 2024. Amounts vary by Named Executive Officer in accordance with individual pension plan provisions and voluntary employee deferrals and withdrawals over time. To the extent that an executive was an NEO for a reported year, these amounts, other than the portion attributable to earnings, were disclosed as compensation in the year of the NEO s deferral or registrant s contribution, as applicable. 
 
 For a discussion of the material terms and conditions of the Deferred Compensation Plan, see "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" above. 
 
 Post Employment 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of his Employment Agreement, Mr. Debertin, our President and CEO, is entitled to severance in the event that his employment is terminated by us without cause or by him with "good reason." Specifically, severance under the Employment Agreement would consist of: 
 
 The annual incentive compensation Mr. Debertin would have been entitled to receive for the year in which his termination occurred as if he had continued until the end of that fiscal year, determined based on our actual performance for that fiscal year relative to the performance goals applicable to Mr. Debertin (with that portion of the annual incentive compensation based on completion or partial completion of previously specified personal goals equal to 30 of the target annual incentive), prorated for the number of days in the fiscal year through Mr. Debertin s termination date and generally payable in a cash lump sum at the time that incentive awards are payable to other participants; 
 Two times Mr. Debertin's base salary plus two times his target annual incentive compensation, payable in three equal installments with the first installment payable 60 days following termination and the second and third installments payable on the first and second anniversary dates of termination, respectively; and 
 Health and welfare benefits continuation for two years following termination. 
 
 The Nelligan Letter Agreement provides for severance in the event Ms. Nelligan's employment is terminated by us without cause or by her with "good reason" in the amount of one year of base pay and prorated annual variable pay, payable as a lump sum. 
 
 The Smith Letter Agreement provides for severance in the event Mr. Smith's employment is terminated by us without cause or by him with "good reason" in the amount of one year of base pay and prorated annual variable pay, payable as a lump sum. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, Mr. Hunhoff and Mr. Griffith we re covered by a broad-based employee severance program that provides executives with a lump sum payment of 26 weeks of pay, plus one week of pay per year of service, with a 12-month cap, in the event their positions are eliminated. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 The severance pay that the Named Executive Officers would have been entitled to in the specific events noted above, in each case, as of the last business day of fiscal 2024 is as follows: 
 Name Position Severance Pay Amount (Dollars) Jay Debertin (1)(2) 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 7,306,448 Olivia Nelligan (3) 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 
 1,489,950 Brandon Smith (3) 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 1,358,738 Darin Hunhoff 
 Executive Vice President, Energy 
 592,440 John Griffith 
 Executive Vice President, Ag Business and CHS Hedging 
 444,000 
 
 (1) Includes the value of health and welfare benefits based on current monthly rates. 
 
 (2) For purposes of calculating the prorated portion of Mr. Debertin's unpaid annual variable pay award for the fiscal year in which the termination occurred, assumes an annual variable pay award at target performance for the entire fiscal year. 
 
 (3) Assumes an annual variable pay award at target performance for the entire fiscal year. 
 
 There are no other severance benefits offered to our Named Executive Officers, except for up to 12 months of career transition services and government mandated benefits such as COBRA. Except as otherwise set forth above, the method of payment would be a lump sum. Named Executive Officers not covered by employment agreements are not offered any special postretirement health and welfare benefits that are not offered to other similarly situated (i.e., age and service) salaried employees. The compensation payable to the Named Executive Officers is subject to the Recovery Policy and the Detrimental Conduct Policy, as applicable. 
 
 CEO Pay Ratio 
 
 The following pay ratio and supporting information compares the annual total compensation of our CEO to our median employee, as required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. For fiscal 2024: 
 
 The median employee's compensation, calculated in accordance with the requirements of Item 402(c)(2)(x) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, was 86,345 . This calculation includes a reasonable assumption regarding the median employee's achievement of individual performance goals for a portion of the annual incentive award based on historical performance. 
 The annual total compensation of our CEO, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above, was 15,775,064. 
 The ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO to the median employee was 183:1. 
 
 A new median employee was selected for 2024. We identified our median employee as of June 1, 2024 by analyzing the regular, bonus and overtime wages (or their equivalents) paid in the prior 12 months for the entire employee population excluding the CEO and certain international employees as permitted by the SEC de minimus exclusion rule (details below). We changed to this process of using the entire population instead of using a statistical sampling methodology because we believe it is a more accurate approach to identifying the median employee. 
 
 As of June 1, 2024, our employee population consisted of approximately 10,662 individuals, 9,872 of whom were located in the United States and 790 of whom were located outside of the United States. This population consisted of our full-time, part-time, temporary and seasonal employees. From this population, we excluded 363 individuals who were located in the following countries: Argentina (49), Bulgaria (5), Canada (5), China (32), Hungary (18), Italy (5), Mexico (3), Romania (122), Serbia (6), Singapore (18), South Korea (3), Spain (34), Switzerland (19), Taiwan (3), Ukraine (28) and Uruguay (13). Excluding these employees, our employee population that was used to determine the median employee consisted of 10,299 individuals. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 In adopting the pay ratio rule, the SEC expressly sought to provide flexibility to each company to determine the methodology that best suits its own facts and circumstances. Our pay ratio should not be compared to other companies' pay ratios, because it is based on a methodology specific to us, and certain material assumptions, adjustments and estimates have been made in the calculation of the ratio. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our Board of Directors met seven times during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. Each director (other than the chair of the Board) is a member of two Board committees. At a minimum, each Board committee meets during each of the Board's five regular meetings. For fiscal 2024, each non-employee director was provided compensation as follows: 
 
 a monthly retainer equivalent to 93,700 per year from September 1, 2023, through December 31, 2023, and equivalent to 98,500 per year from January 1, 2024, through August 31, 2024, paid in 12 monthly payments; 
 actual expenses and a travel allowance; 
 additional annual compensation, as applicable, for board leadership, including 24,000 for the chair of the Board, 9,000 for the first vice chair and the secretary-treasurer, 9,000 for all Board committee chairs, and 6,000 for members of the Executive Committee who are not eligible for other premiums; 
 a per diem meeting fee of 500 plus actual expenses and travel allowance for each day spent at meetings other than regular Board meetings and the CHS Annual Meeting; and 
 a meeting fee of 250 for conference calls or other short virtual meetings other than regular Board meetings. 
 
 The number of days spent at meetings other than regular Board meetings and the CHS Annual Meeting may not exceed 55 days annually for purposes of the per diem meeting fee, except that the chair of the Board is exempt from this limit. There is no cap on meeting fees permitted for conference calls or other short virtual meetings. 
 
 The non-employee director compensation package was determined based on the market analysis of director compensation conducted for the Governance Committee by Mercer (U.S.), a global compensation consulting firm, in fiscal 2019. Each year thereafter, market updates have been provided by Mercer, and annual adjustments have been considered. Effective as of January 1, 2024, our Board of Directors approved increasing annual director compensation from 93,700 to 98,500, increasing the first vice chair and secretary-treasurer additional annual compensation from 6,000 to 9,000 and increasing the additional annual compensation for members of the Executive Committee who are not eligible for other premiums from 3,000 to 6,000. 
 
 Further, directors are eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Other than direct contributions, contributions to a retirement plan account in the Deferred Compensation Plan are made based on our three-year ROIC performance, with ROIC defined in the same manner as for the ELTIP. Driven by our unique cooperative structure, we believe that using the ROIC performance metric for this purpose aligns the interests of our directors with the interests of our management and member-owners. The ROIC performance goal levels are established and approved by our Board of Directors prior to each three-year performance period. Deferred Compensation Plan credits are based on ROIC performance results, as detailed on the following pages. 
 
 The amounts paid to our Board of Directors are subject to the Recovery Policy. 
 
 Director Retirement and Health Care Benefits 
 
 Members of our Board of Directors were eligible for certain retirement and health care benefits in fiscal 2024 based on their election date. 
 
 Directors elected prior to September 1, 2011 participate in a defined benefit retirement plan that provides for a monthly benefit for the director's lifetime, beginning at age 60. Benefits are immediately vested, and the monthly benefit is determined according to the following formula: 250 times years of service on the Board (up to a maximum of 15 years). Under no event will the benefit payment be payable for less than 120 months. Payment is made to the retired director's beneficiary in the event of the director's death before 120 payments are made. Effective August 31, 2011, future accruals under the director retirement plan were frozen. Retirement benefits are funded by a rabbi trust, with a balance of 7.2 million as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 Directors and their eligible dependents were eligible to participate in our medical, dental and vision plans in fiscal 2024. We paid 100 of the premium for each director and their eligible dependents while the director was actively serving on 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 the Board. Directors who departed the Board before September 1, 2024 and prior to Medicare eligibility were eligible to continue participation in our medical plan, along with their eligible dependents, with premiums paid up to 100 by CHS depending on the director's years of service to the Board. 
 
 Director Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 Directors are eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. Each participating director may elect to defer up to 100 of his or her monthly director fees into the Deferred Compensation Plan. This must be done prior to the beginning of the calendar year in which the fees will be earned, or in the case of newly elected directors, upon election to the Board. During fiscal 2024, the following directors deferred Board fees pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan: Mr. Beckman, Mr. Clemensen, Mr. Erickson, Mr. Fritel, Mr. Johnsrud, Mr. Kehl, Mr. Meyer and Mr. Throener. 
 
 In addition to any voluntary director deferrals, the company may also credit a retirement contribution to each director's Deferred Compensation Plan. The fiscal 2024 credit to each director's retirement plan account was based on the following ROIC performance goals for fiscal years 2022-2024: 
 Performance Level Amount Credited CHS Three-Year ROIC Goal Superior Maximum 
 100,000 9.7 Maximum 
 50,000 7.7 Target 
 25,000 6.7 
 The amount credited for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period was required to be mathematically interpolated when results occurred between the superior performance, maximum and target ROIC performance levels. If results had been less than the target ROIC performance level, the amount credited would have been 25,000. 
 
 Actual ROIC performance for the fiscal 2022-2024 performance period was 13.9 and, accordingly, 100,000 was credited for fiscal 2024 to each director's retirement plan account under the Deferred Compensation Plan, except 66,667 was credited for newly elected director Mr. Rossman and 8,333 was credited for former director Mr. Meyer. This amount is reflected in the Director Compensation table. 
 
 Upon leaving our Board of Directors during fiscal 2024, a director's credit for that partial fiscal year is the target amount 25,000) prorated through the end of the month in which the director departs. Directors who joined our Board of Directors during fiscal 2024 received credit for that partial fiscal year based on the actual ROIC performance for the performance period ending in fiscal 2024, prorated from the first of the month following the month in which the director joined our Board of Directors to the end of the fiscal year. 
 
 Benefits are funded in a rabbi trust. The Deferred Compensation Plan rabbi trust balance reported elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes amounts deferred by the directors. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 2024 Director Compensation 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (2) All Other Compensation (3) Total (Dollars) David Beckman 125,275 120,220 245,495 Clinton J. Blew 143,900 2,198 129,659 275,757 Hal Clemensen 135,150 120,653 255,803 Scott Cordes 128,150 100,670 228,820 Jon Erickson 109,150 120,557 229,707 Mark Farrell 115,150 101,419 216,569 Steve Fritel 131,150 1,988 120,459 253,597 Alan Holm 127,400 120,630 248,030 David Johnsrud 123,400 117,692 241,092 Tracy Jones 127,900 126,547 254,447 David Kayser 113,650 2,473 129,869 245,992 Russell Kehl 136,150 127,875 264,025 Perry Meyer 36,733 15,129 51,862 Anthony Rossman 93,975 86,725 180,700 Daniel Schurr 149,900 17,699 122,721 290,320 Jerrad Stroh 126,400 130,201 256,601 Kevin Throener 129,650 129,879 259,529 Cortney Wagner 125,733 100,399 226,132 
 
 (1) Of this amount, the following directors deferred the succeeding amounts to the Deferred Compensation Plan: Mr. Beckman, 13,000; Mr. Clemensen, 16,000; Mr. Erickson, 8,000; Mr. Fritel, 70,200; Mr. Johnsrud, 24,000; Mr. Kehl, 28,000; Mr. Meyer, 4,000; and Mr. Throener, 10,000. 
 
 (2) This column represents both changes in pension value and above-market earnings on deferred compensation. Change in pension value is the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the director's benefit under his retirement program, and nonqualified earnings, if applicable. The change in pension value will vary by director based on several factors including age, service, pension benefit elected (lump sum or annuity), discount rate and mortality factor used to calculate the benefit due. Future accruals under the plan were frozen as of August 31, 2011, as stated above. The following directors had the following changes in pension values during fiscal 2024: Mr. Blew, 2,198; Mr. Fritel, 1,988; Mr. Kayser, 2,473; and Mr. Schurr, 17,699. 
 
 Above-market earnings represent earnings exceeding 120 of the Federal Reserve long-term rate on applicable funds as determined by the IRS. No directors had above-market earnings during fiscal 2024. 
 
 (3) All other compensation includes health insurance premiums, travel accident insurance and related companion travel expenses for trips made with a director on CHS business. Total amounts vary primarily due to the variations in health insurance premiums, which are due to the number of dependents covered. The health insurance premiums paid were less than 25,000 for each director, other than Mr. Blew, Mr. Jones, Mr. Kayser, Mr. Kehl, Mr. Stroh and Mr. Throener, for whom we paid health insurance premiums of 29,260, 26,148, 29,260, 27,476, 29,260 and 29,260, respectively. 
 
 All other compensation also includes fiscal 2024 director retirement plan Deferred Compensation Plan contributions of 100,000 for each director, except for newly elected director Mr. Rossman, 66,667; and for former director, Mr. Meyer, 8,333. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 Our Board of Directors does not have a compensation committee. The Executive Committee performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee with respect to our CEO, and the Governance Committee performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee, other than with respect to our CEO. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, the members of the Executive Committee were Messrs. Schurr (chair), Blew (first vice chair), Cordes (second vice chair), Holm and Kehl, and the members of the Governance Committee were Mr. Jones (chair), Mr. Kehl (vice chair), and Messrs. Blew, Cordes, Farrell and Kayser. During fiscal 2024, no executive officer of CHS served on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) or board of directors of any other entity 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 that had any executive officer who also served on the Executive Committee, the Governance Committee or our Board of Directors. None of the directors who served as a member of the Executive Committee or Governance Committee during fiscal 2024 are, or have been, officers or employees of CHS, other than Mr. Cordes, who was an employee of CHS Hedging until 2016. 
 
 See Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for directors, including Messrs. Cordes, Clemensen, Erickson, Fritel, Johnsrud, Jones, Kayser, Kehl, Rossman, Throener and Schurr who were a party to related-person transactions. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 The Executive Committee (the committee of our Board of Directors that performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee with respect to our CEO) and the Governance Committee (the committee of our Board of Directors that performs the equivalent functions of a compensation committee, other than with respect to our CEO) have each reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Executive Committee and the Governance Committee each recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Respectfully submitted, 
 
 Executive Committee 
 Daniel Schurr, Chair 
 Clinton J. Blew 
 Scott Cordes 
 Alan Holm 
 Russell Kehl 
 
 Governance Committee 
 Tracy Jones, Chair 
 Clinton J. Blew 
 Scott Cordes 
 Mark Farrell 
 David Kayser 
 Russell Kehl 

73 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Beneficial ownership of our equity securities by each member of our Board of Directors, each of our Named Executive Officers and all members of our Board of Directors and executive officers as a group as of October 16, 2024, is shown below. Except as indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares attributable to such person. Title of Class 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Name of Beneficial Owner Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Class (1) Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Class (2) Directors: (Shares) (Shares) David Beckman Clinton J. Blew Hal Clemensen Scott Cordes (3) 
 14,850 Jon Erickson Mark Farrell 3,000 Steven Fritel Alan Holm David Johnsrud 1,650 Tracy Jones David Kayser 630 Russell Kehl Anthony Rossman Daniel Schurr Jerrad Stroh Kevin Throener Cortney Wagner Named Executive Officers: Jay Debertin (3) 
 1,200 John Griffith Darin Hunhoff 676 Olivia Nelligan Brandon Smith All other executive officers Directors and executive officers as a group 4,876 17,130 
 Less than 1 . 
 
 (1) As of October 16, 2024, there were 12,272,003 shares of 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 
 (2) As of October 16, 2024, there were 78,659,066 shares of Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock outstanding with 21,459,066, 16,800,000, 19,700,000 and 20,700,000 attributed to Series 1, Series 2, Series 3 and Series 4, respectively. 
 
 (3) Includes shares held by spouse, children and Individual Retirement Accounts. 
 
 We have no compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 
 
 To our knowledge, there is no person or group who is a beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class or series of our preferred stock. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Because our directors must be active patrons of CHS or of an affiliated association, transactions between us and our directors are customary and expected. Transactions include the sales of commodities to us and the purchases of products and services from us, as well as patronage refunds and equity redemptions received from us. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the value of those transactions between a particular director (and any immediate family member of a director, which includes any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director) and us in which the total amount involved exceeded 120,000 is shown below. Transaction Type Name Transactions with CHS Cash Patronage Dividends (Dollars) Scott Cordes 618,611 1,036 Jon Erickson 422,186 5,083 David Johnsrud 3,089,318 24,125 Tracy Jones 3,774,558 35,748 David Kayser 1,148,643 8,314 Russell Kehl 9,598,957 33,919 Perry Meyer 588,041 2,334 Anthony Rossman 1,746,701 23,521 Kevin Throener 2,150,121 17,369 
 
 Clemensen Farms, Inc., which is owned by our director Hal Clemensen, entered into two crop input loans with CHS Capital in November 2022 ("2022 Clemensen Loans") and one crop input loan in November 2023 ("2023 Clemensen Loan"). The 2022 Clemensen Loans have an interest rate of 0 per annum, and mature in February 2025. The 2023 Clemensen Loan has an interest rate of 0 per annum and matures in February 2025. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the 2022 Clemensen Loans during the year ended August 31, 2024, was 148,902, and the balance on August 31, 2024, was 109,147. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the 2023 Clemensen Loan during the year ended August 31, 2024, and the balance outstanding on August 31, 2024, was 57,256. During the year ended August 31, 2024, no principal or interest was paid on the 2022 Clemensen Loans or the 2023 Clemensen Loan. 
 
 Jones Farm Partnership, which is owned by our director Tracy Jones, entered into three 2024 crop inputs loans with CHS Capital in January 2024 ("Jones Loans"). The Jones Loans accrue interest at the rates of 5.0 , 1.9 and 0 per annum, payable upon maturity in January 2025. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Jones Loans during the year ended August 31, 2024, and the balance on August 31, 2024 was 804,852. During the year ended August 31, 2024, no principal or interest was paid on the Jones Loans. 
 
 Our director David Kayser entered into a crop input loan with CHS Capital in December 2021 with a maturity date of January 2025 ("Kayser Loan"). The Kayser Loan accrues interest at the rate of 1.9 per annum, payable upon maturity. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Kayser Loan during the year ended August 31, 2024 and the balance on August 31, 2024, was 140,000. During the year ended August 31, 2024, no principal or interest was paid on the Kayser Loan. 
 
 Kehl Farms, LLC, which is owned by our director Russell Kehl, entered into three 2024 crop inputs loans with CHS Capital in April 2024 with a maturity date of March 2025 ("Kehl Loans"). The Kehl Loans accrue interest at the rates of 11.4 , 5.0 and 1.9 per annum. During the year ended August 31, 2024, 1,425 in interest was paid on the Kehl Loans. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Kehl Loans during the year ended August 31, 2024, and the balance on August 31, 2024, was 6,848,732. 
 
 In December 2021, our director Kevin Throener entered into two crop inputs loans with CHS Capital with a maturity date in December 2024 ("Throener Loans"). The Throener Loans accrue interest at the rates of 1.9 per annum. The largest aggregate amount of principal outstanding under the Throener Loan during the year ended August 31, 2024, and the balance on August 31, 2024, was 250,000. During the year ended August 31, 2024, no principal or interest was paid on the Throener Loans. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The terms of these financing arrangements were provided pursuant to financing programs widely available to our qualified customers. 
 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CHS Hedging, LLC, is a clearing broker, and from time to time our directors and their affiliates may place orders and clear trades with CHS Hedging in the ordinary course of business. CHS Hedging handles such trades on substantially the same terms and conditions as other similarly situated individuals who are not directors. 
 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Related Party Transactions 
 
 Pursuant to its amended and restated charter, our Audit Committee has responsibility for review and approval of all transactions between CHS and any related parties or affiliates of CHS, including its officers and directors, other than transactions in the ordinary course of business and on market terms. 
 
 Related persons include any of our directors or executive officers and any of their immediate family members, as defined by the SEC. In evaluating related person transactions, the committee members apply the same standards they apply to their general responsibilities as members of the Audit Committee. The committee will approve a related person transaction when, in its good faith judgment, the transaction is in the best interest of CHS. To identify related person transactions, each year we require our directors and officers to complete a questionnaire identifying any transactions with CHS in which the officers or directors or their immediate family members have an interest. We also review our business records to identify potentially qualifying transactions between a related party and us. In addition, we have a written policy addressing related persons (included in our Code of Conduct) that describes our expectation that all directors, officers and employees who may have a potential or apparent conflict of interest will notify our legal department of any such transactions. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 We are a Minnesota cooperative corporation managed by a Board of Directors made up of 17 members. Nomination and election of the directors is done by eight separate regions. In addition to meeting other requirements for directorship, candidates must reside in the region from which they are elected. Directors are elected for three-year terms. The terms of directors are staggered and no more than seven director positions are elected at an annual meeting of members. Nominations for director elections are made by the voting members at each regional caucus held during our annual meeting of members. Neither the Board of Directors nor management of CHS participates in the nomination process. Accordingly, we have no nominating committee. 
 
 The following directors satisfy the definition of director independence set forth in the rules of The Nasdaq: Independent Directors David Beckman Steve Fritel Daniel Schurr Clinton J. Blew Alan Holm Jerrad Stroh Hal Clemensen David Kayser Kevin Throener Jon Erickson Russell Kehl Cortney Wagner Mark Farrell Anthony Rossman 
 
 Further, although we do not need to rely upon an exemption for the Board of Directors as a whole, we are exempt pursuant to The Nasdaq rules from The Nasdaq director independence requirements as they relate to the makeup of the Board of Directors as a whole and the makeup of the committee performing the functions of a compensation committee. The Nasdaq exemption applies to cooperatives that are structured to comply with relevant state law and federal tax law and that do not have a publicly traded class of common stock. All of the members of our Audit Committee are independent. All of the members of our Governance Committee and Executive Committee (the committees of our Board of Directors that perform the equivalent functions of a compensation committee) are independent other than Mr. Cordes and Mr. Jones. 
 
 Independence of CEO and Board Chair Positions 
 
 Our bylaws prohibit any employee of CHS from serving on the Board of Directors. Accordingly, our CEO may not serve as chair of the Board or in any CHS Board capacity. We believe this leadership structure creates independence between the Board and management and is an important feature of appropriate checks and balances in the governance of CHS. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Board of Directors' Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 It is senior management's responsibility to identify, assess and manage our exposures to risk. Our Board of Directors plays an important and significant role in overseeing the overall risk management approach, including the review and, where appropriate, approval of guidelines and policies that govern our risk management process. Our management and Board of Directors have jointly identified multiple broad categories of risk exposure, each of which could impact operations and affect results at an enterprise level. Each such significant enterprise level risk is reviewed periodically by management with the Board of Directors and/or a committee of the Board as appropriate. The review includes an analysis by management of the continued applicability of the risk, our performance in managing or mitigating the risk, and possible additional or emerging risks to consider. As additional areas of risk are identified, our Board of Directors and/or a committee of the Board provide a review and oversight of management's actions to identify, assess and manage that risk. We continue to develop a formal enterprise risk management program intended to support integration of the risk assessment and management discipline and controls into major decision-making and business processes. The Corporate Risk Committee is involved in reviewing and approving the enterprise risk management framework and is responsible for overseeing its effectiveness on an ongoing basis. When appropriate, the Corporate Risk Committee meets jointly with the Audit Committee to discuss common financial or other risks across CHS that may have potential material impact to our financial statements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table shows the aggregate fees billed to us by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for services rendered during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023: 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Audit fees (1) 
 5,370 5,270 Audit-related fees (2) 
 86 57 Tax fees (3) 
 544 1,137 All other fees (4) 
 2 5 Total 6,002 6,469 
 (1) Includes fees for audit of annual financial statements and reviews of the related quarterly financial statements and certain statutory audits. 
 
 (2) Includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, due diligence on acquisitions and internal control and system audit procedures. 
 
 (3) Includes fees related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 (4) Includes fees related to other professional services performed. 
 
 In accordance with the CHS Inc. Audit Committee Charter, as amended, our Audit Committee adopted the following policies and procedures for the approval of the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm for audit, review or attest services and for preapproval of certain permissible nonaudit services, all to ensure auditor independence. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm will provide audit, review and attest services only at the direction of, and pursuant to engagement fees and terms approved by our Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee approves in advance all nonaudit services to be performed by the independent auditors and the fees and compensation to be paid to the independent auditors. Our Audit Committee approved 100 of the services listed above in advance. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The following financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 202 4 and 202 3 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 202 2 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 202 2 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equities for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 202 2 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 202 4 , 202 3 and 202 2 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 ) 2023 ) 2022 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) 2023 ) 2022 ) 
 Net of reserve adjustments. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 (a)(3) EXHIBITS 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 2.1 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of December 18, 2015 between CHS Inc. and CF Industries Sales, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2015). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CHS Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of CHS Inc. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 11, 2023). 
 4.1 Amended and Restated Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 14, 2003). 
 4.2 Form of Certificate Representing 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 23, 2003). 
 4.3 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Amending the Amended and Restated Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-2 (File No. 333-101916), filed January 23, 2003). 
 4.4 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Amending the Amended and Restated Resolution Creating a Series of Preferred Equity to be Designated 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the record date for dividends. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2003, filed July 2, 2003). 
 4.5 Resolution Amending the Terms of the 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to Provide for Call Protection. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2013). 
 4.6 Amended and Restated Resolution Creating Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-190019), filed September 13, 2013). 
 4.7 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors of CHS Inc. Relating to the Terms of the Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 20, 2013). 
 4.8 Form of Certificate Representing Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-190019), filed September 13, 2013). 
 4.9 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed March 5, 2014). 
 4.10 Form of Certificate Representing Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 2. (Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-193891), filed February 26, 2014). 
 4.11 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 10, 2014). 
 4.12 Form of Certificate Representing Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed September 10, 2014). 
 4.13 Unanimous Written Consent Resolution of the Board of Directors Relating to the Terms of the Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 4. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed January 14, 2015). 
 4.14 Form of Certificate Representing Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 4. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-36079), filed January 14, 2015). 
 4.15 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019, filed November 6, 2019). 
 10.1 Employment Agreement between CHS Inc. and Jay D. Debertin dated and effective May 22, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 22, 2017). (+) 
 10.1A Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2020, between CHS Inc. and Jay D. Debertin. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). (+) 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 10.1B Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2021, between CHS Inc. and Jay D. Debertin. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). (+) 
 10.1C Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022, between CHS Inc. and Jay D. Debertin (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2022, filed November 2, 2022). (+) 
 10.1D Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2023, between CHS Inc. and Jay D. Debertin. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2023, filed November 8, 2023). (+) 
 10.2 CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2024 Restatement). )(+) 
 10.3 CHS Inc. FY25 Annual Variable Pay Plan Master Plan Document. )(+) 
 10.4 CHS Inc. Executive Long-Term Incentive Plan Document (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 202 4 , filed July 1 0 , 202 4 ). (+) 
 10.5 CHS Inc. Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2010, filed July 8, 2010). (+) 
 10.5A Amendment No. 1 to the CHS Inc. Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2011, filed November 14, 2011). (+) 
 10.5B Amendment No. 2 to the CHS Inc. Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2012, filed November 7, 2012). (+) 
 10.6 Trust Under the CHS Inc. Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2010, filed July 8, 2010). (+) 
 10.7 Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement between CHS Inc. and Prudential Capital Group dated as of April 13, 2004. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2004, filed July 12, 2004). 
 10.7A Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated April 9, 2007, among CHS Inc., Prudential Investment Management, Inc. and the Prudential Affiliate parties. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2007, filed April 9, 2007). 
 10.7B Amendment No. 2 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement and Senior Series J Notes totaling 50 million issued February 8, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 11, 2008). 
 10.7C Amendment No. 3 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2010, filed January 11, 2011). 
 10.7D Amendment No. 4 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of June 9, 2011, between CHS Inc. and the purchasers of notes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
 10.7E Amendment No. 5 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of December 21, 2012, between CHS Inc. and the purchasers of notes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
 10.7F Amendment No. 6 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of September 4, 2015, between CHS Inc. and the purchasers of notes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
 10.8 CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Master Plan Document (2024 Restatement). )(+) 
 10.9 Beneficiary Designation Form for the CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2009, filed November 10, 2009). (+) 
 10.10 New Plan Participants 2011 Plan Agreement and Election Form for the CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-177326), filed October 14, 2011). (+) 
 10.11 Agreement Regarding Distribution of Assets, by and among CHS Inc., United Country Brands, LLC, Land O'Lakes, Inc. and Winfield Solutions, LLC, made as of September 4, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2007, filed November 20, 2007). 
 10.12 Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2011, filed November 14, 2011). 
 10.12A Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2012, filed November 7, 2012). 
 10.12B Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2017, filed July 14, 2017). 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 10.12C Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2017, filed July 14, 2017). 
 10.12D Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2017, filed July 14, 2017). 
 10.12E Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). 
 10.12F Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Loan Origination and Participation Agreement dated as of September 1, 2011, by and among AgStar Financial Services, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial, and CHS Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). 
 10.13 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated February 1, 2012, between CHS Inc. and Cargill, Incorporated. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 1, 2012). 
 10.13A Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated April 1, 2023, between CHS Inc. and Cargill, Incorporated. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2023, filed July 13, 2023). 
 10.14 Note Purchase Agreement between CHS Inc. and certain accredited investors 500,000,000) dated as of June 9, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 13, 2011). 
 10.14A Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 4, 2015, between CHS Inc. and the purchasers of notes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
 10.15 Joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill, Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated March 4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2013, filed July 10, 2013). 
 10.15A Amendment No. 1 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated April 30, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
 10.15B Amendment No. 2 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated May 31, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
 10.15C Amendment No. 3 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated July 24, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2015, filed November 23, 2015). 
 10.15D Amendment No. 4 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated March 27, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended February 28, 2014, filed April 3, 2014). 
 10.15E Amendment No. 5 to the joint venture agreement among CHS Inc., Cargill Incorporated and Conagra Foods, Inc., dated May 25, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2014, filed July 9, 2014). 
 10.16 Resolutions Amending the Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 3, 2013). (+) 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Supply Agreement dated as of December 18, 2015 between CHS Inc. and CF Industries Nitrogen LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2015). 
 10.18 2023 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (5-Year Revolving Loan), dated as of April 21, 2023, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, for its own benefit as a lender and as the administrative agent and the bid agent for the benefit of the present and future lenders, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, for its own benefit as a lender and as the syndication agent, and the other lenders thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 25, 2023). 
 10.19 2019 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (5-Year Revolving Loan), dated as of July 16, 2019, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, for its own benefit as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of the present and future syndication parties, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, for their own benefit as syndication parties and as syndication agents, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2019). 
 10.20 2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan) dated as of September 4, 2015, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of all present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 11, 2015). 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 10.20A Amendment No. 1 to 2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan), dated as of June 30, 2016, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of all present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2016, filed July 7, 2016). 
 10.20B Amendment No. 2 to 2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan), dated as of July 16, 2019, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, for its own benefit as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of the present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 19, 2019). 
 10.20C Amendment No. 3 to 2015 Credit Agreement (10 Year Term Loan), dated as of February 19, 2021, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, for its own benefit as a syndication party and as the administrative agent for the benefit of the present and future syndication parties, and the other syndication parties party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed, February 24, 2021). 
 10.20D Amendment No. 4 to 2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan), dated as of April 21, 2023, by and between CHS Inc., CoBank, ACB, for its own benefit as a lender and as the administrative agent for the benefit of the present and future lenders, and the other lenders party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 25, 2023). 
 10.20E Fifth Amendment, dated as of October 29, 2024, to that certain Credit Agreement (5-Year Term Revolver Loan) (previously referred to as the 2015 Credit Agreement (10-Year Term Loan)), dated as of September 4, 2015, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 31, 2024). 
 10.21 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2016, among CHS Inc. and each of the Purchasers signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 21, 2016). 
 10.22 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2020, among CHS Inc. and each of the Purchasers signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 14, 2020). 
 10.23 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 24, 2023, among CHS Inc. and each of the Purchasers signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 25, 2023). 
 10.24 Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 18, 2024, among CHS Inc. and each of the Purchasers signatory thereto. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2024, filed July 10, 2024). 
 10.25 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, by and among CHS Inc., CHS Capital, LLC and Cofina Funding, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016, filed November 3, 2016). 
 10.25A Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 14, 2017, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on 8-K, filed February 15, 2017). 
 10.25B Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of July 18, 2017, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2017, filed November 9, 2017). 
 10.25C Omnibus Amendment No. 3, dated as of September 4, 2018, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018, filed December 3, 2018). 
 10.25D Omnibus Amendment No. 5, dated as of June 27, 2019, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, PNC Bank, National Association, as an alternate purchaser and as a purchaser agent, each of the other conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2019, filed November 6, 2019). 
 10.25E Omnibus Amendment No. 6, dated as of May 1, 2020, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2020, filed July 7, 2020). 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 10.25F Omnibus Amendment No. 7, dated as of June 26, 2020, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.25G Omnibus Amendment No. 8, dated as of September 24, 2020, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.25H Omnibus Amendment No. 9, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). 
 10.25I Omnibus Amendment No. 10, dated as of August 31, 2021, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). 
 10.26 Receivables Financing Agreement dated July 22, 2016, by and among CHS Inc., individually and as a Servicer, Cofina Funding, LLC, as Seller, Victory Receivables Corporation and Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., as Conduit Purchasers, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as a Committed Purchaser, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent, and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as a Committed Purchaser, Purchaser Agent and as Administrative Agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2016, filed November 3, 2016). 
 10.26A Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated July 18, 2017, by and among CHS Inc., individually and as a Servicer, Cofina Funding, LLC, as Seller, Victory Receivables Corporation and Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., as Conduit Purchasers, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as a Committed Purchaser, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent, and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as a Committed Purchaser, Purchaser Agent and as Administrative Agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2017, filed November 9, 2017). 
 10.26B First Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2018, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as Seller, CHS Inc., as Servicer, the Conduit Purchasers, Committed Purchasers and Purchaser Agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. (f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as Administrative Agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 5, 2018). 
 10.26C Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as an originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2022, filed November 2, 2022). 
 10.26D Twelfth Amendment and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer and as originator, CHS Capital, LLC, as an originator, each of the conduit purchasers, committed purchasers and purchaser agents set forth on the signature pages thereto and MUFG Bank Ltd. f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ. Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly report ended May 31, 2023, filed July 13, 2023). 
 10.26E Thirteenth Amendment and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2023, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2023, filed November 8, 2023). 
 10.26F Fourteenth Amendment and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2024, by and among Cofina Funding, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as servicer. ) 
 10.27 Performance Guaranty, dated as of July 22, 2016, executed by CHS Inc. in favor of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020. filed November 5, 2020). 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 10.27A Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty dated July 18, 2017, by and among CHS Inc., individually and as a Servicer, Cofina Funding, LLC, as Seller, Victory Receivables Corporation and Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V., as Conduit Purchasers, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., as a Committed Purchaser, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent, and the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as a Committed Purchaser, Purchaser Agent and as Administrative Agent. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2017, filed November 9, 2017). 
 10.28 Master Framework Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2018 (the "Framework Agreement"), by and among MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.) and each other financial institution from time to time party thereto, as MFA Buyers, MUFG Bank, Ltd., as agent for the MFA Buyers, CHS Inc. and CHS Capital, LLC, as sellers, and CHS Inc., as agent for the sellers. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018, filed December 3, 2018). 
 10.28A Amendment No. 1 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2019, filed January 8, 2020). 
 10.28B Amendment No. 2 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2019, filed January 8, 2020). 
 10.28C Amendment No. 3 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.28D Amendment No. 4 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.28E Amendment No. 5 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021, filed November 4, 2021). 
 10.28F Amendment No. 6 to the Framework Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2022, filed November 2, 202 2). 
 10.29 Master Framework Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023 (the "Framework Agreement), by and among Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A., New York Branch, a Dutch co peratieve acting through its New York Branch, as buyer, CHS Inc. and CHS Capital, LLC, as sellers, and CHS Inc., as agent for the sellers. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly report ended May 31, 2023, filed July 13, 2023). 
 10.29A Amendment No. 1 to Master Framework Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2024 (the "Framework Agreement"), by and among Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A., New York Branch, a Dutch co peratieve acting through its New York Branch, as buyer, CHS Inc. and CHS Capital, LLC, as sellers, and CHS Inc., as agent for the sellers. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 31, 2024, filed July 10, 2024). 
 10.29B Amendment No. 2 to Master Framework Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2024 (the "Framework Agreement"), by and among Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A., New York Branch, a Dutch co peratieve acting through its New York Branch, as buyer, CHS Inc. and CHS Capital, LLC, as sellers, and CHS Inc., as agent for the sellers. ) 
 10.30 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2018, between CHS Inc. and the buyer under the Framework Agreement, including Annex I thereto (and as amended thereby). (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018, filed December 3, 2018). 
 10.30A Amendment No. 1 to 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020, between CHS Inc., as seller, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as buyer. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.31 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2018, between CHS Capital, LLC and the buyer under the Framework Agreement, including Annex I thereto (and as amended thereby). (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018, filed December 3, 2018). 
 10.31A Amendment No. 1 to 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020, between CHS Capital, LLC, as seller, CHS Inc., as guarantor, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as buyer. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2020, filed November 5, 2020). 
 10.32 Guaranty, dated as of September 4, 2018, by CHS Inc. in favor of the buyer under the Framework Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2018, filed December 3, 2018). 
 10.33 Letter Agreement, dated January 7, 2020, between CHS Inc. and Olivia Nelligan. (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 21, 2020). (+) 
 10.34 Letter Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, between CHS Inc. and Brandon Smith. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2022, filed November 2, 2022). (+) 
 19.1 Insider Trading Policy. (Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2023, filed November 8, 2023). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. ) 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. ) 
 24.1 Power of Attorney. ) 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. ) 
 97.1 CHS Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy. ) 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. ) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. ) 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. ) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. ) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. ) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ) Filed herewith. 
 
 Portions of Exhibits 2.1 and 10.17 have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment order under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (+) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 (b) EXHIBITS 
 
 The exhibits shown in Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are being filed herewith. 
 
 (c) SCHEDULES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 6, 2024. 
 
 CHS INC. By: /s/ Jay D. Debertin Jay D. Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on November 6, 2024: Signature Title /s/ Jay D. Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Jay D. Debertin /s/ Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer (principal financial officer) Olivia Nelligan /s/ Daniel Lehmann Senior Vice President Finance, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) Daniel Lehmann Chair of the Board of Directors Daniel Schurr Director David Beckman Director Clinton J. Blew Director Hal Clemensen Director Scott A. Cordes Director Jon Erickson Director Mark Farrell Director Steve Fritel Director Alan Holm 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Director David Johnsrud Director Tracy G. Jones Director David R. Kayser Director Russell A. Kehl Director Anthony Rossman Director Jerrad Stroh Director Kevin Throener Director Cortney Wagner 
 By /s/ Jay D. Debertin Jay D. Debertin 
 Attorney-in-fact 

87 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CHS Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CHS Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equities and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Grain and Oilseed Inventories and Grain and Oilseed Forward Commodity Purchase and Sales Contracts 
 
 As described in Notes 4, 15, and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's grain and oilseed inventories were 888.8 million as of August 31, 2024, and commodity derivatives in an asset and liability position were 165.7 million and 221.8 million, respectively, as of August 31, 2024, of which grain and oilseed make up the majority of forward commodity purchase and sales contracts. Management enters into various derivative instruments to manage the Company's exposure to movements primarily associated with agricultural and energy commodity prices. The net realizable value of grain and oilseed inventories and fair value of grain and oilseed forward commodity purchase and sales contracts are determined using inputs that are generally based on exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments. Location-specific inputs are driven by local market supply and demand and are generally based on broker or dealer quotations or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter markets. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of grain and oilseed inventories and grain and oilseed forward commodity purchase and sales contracts is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the net realizable value of grain and oilseed inventories and the fair value of grain and oilseed forward commodity purchase and sales contracts and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's inputs related to exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, (i) testing management's process for determining the net realizable value of grain and oilseed inventories and the fair value of grain and oilseed forward commodity purchase and sales contracts; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models; (iii) testing the accuracy of the underlying data used in the valuations; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of inputs used by management related to the exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments. Evaluating management's inputs related to the exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments involved (i) comparing the exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and location-specific inputs to third-party information; and (ii) comparing the location-specific adjustments to broker or dealer quotations or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter markets. 

/s/ 
 
 November 6, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1998. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 CHS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 August 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Investments Property, plant and equipment Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITIES Current liabilities: Notes payable Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Equity certificates Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Capital reserves Total CHS Inc. equities Noncontrolling interests Total equities Total liabilities and equities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 CHS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit 
 Marketing, general and administrative expenses Operating earnings Interest expense Other income ) ) ) Equity income from investments ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to CHS Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 CHS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Pension and other postretirement benefits 
 ) ) ) Cash flow hedges 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to CHS Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

 CHS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITIES 
 Years Ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 Equity Certificates Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Capital Equity Certificates Nonpatronage Equity Certificates Nonqualified Equity Certificates Preferred Stock Capital Reserves Noncontrolling Interests Total Equities (Dollars in thousands) Balances, August 31, 2021 
 ) Reversal of prior year patronage and redemption estimates ) Distribution of 2021 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Redemptions of equities ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Estimated 2022 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Estimated 2022 equity redemptions 
 ) ) Balances, August 31, 2022 
 ) Reversal of prior year patronage and redemption estimates ) ) Distribution of 2022 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Redemptions of equities ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Estimated 2023 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Estimated 2023 equity redemptions 
 ) ) Balances, August 31, 2023 
 ) Reversal of prior year patronage and redemption estimates ) ) Distribution of 2023 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Redemptions of equities ) ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Estimated 2024 patronage refunds 
 ) ) Estimated 2024 equity redemptions 
 ) ) Balances, August 31, 2024 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 CHS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended August 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization, including amortization of deferred major maintenance Equity income from investments, net of distributions received ) ) Provision for current expected credit losses ) Gain/recovery on sale of business ) Deferred taxes ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of property, plant and equipment Expenditures for major maintenance ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of business Purchases of investments ) Changes in CHS Capital notes receivable, net ) ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from notes payable and long-term debt Payments on notes payable, long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) ) Redemptions of equities ) ) ) Cash patronage dividends paid ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Other significant noncash investing and financing transactions: Capital expenditures and major maintenance incurred but not yet paid Finance lease obligations incurred Accrual of patronage dividends and equity redemptions 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which enhances the disclosures required for operating segments in our annual and interim consolidated financial statements. This ASU is effective on a retrospective basis for our annual reporting beginning in fiscal 2025 and for interim period reporting beginning in fiscal 2026. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which provides additional transparency for income tax disclosures. This ASU is effective for our annual reporting for fiscal 2026 on a prospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Expense Disaggregation Disclosures , which requires additional disclosure about certain costs and expenses in the notes to financial statements. This ASU is effective for our annual reporting for fiscal 2028 on either a prospective or retrospective basis and for interim reporting periods beginning in fiscal 2029. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on our consolidated financial statements. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

Ag Corporate and Other Total revenues Year ended August 31, 2023 Reportable Segment ASC Topic 606 ASC Topic 815 Other Guidance Total Revenues (Dollars in thousands) Energy Ag Corporate and Other Total revenues Year ended August 31, 2022 Reportable Segment ASC Topic 606 ASC Topic 815 Other Guidance Total Revenues (Dollars in thousands) Energy Ag Corporate and Other Total revenues 
 Our Nitrogen Production reportable segment represents an equity method investment that records earnings and allocated expenses but not revenues. 
 
 Less than 1 of revenues accounted for under ASC Topic 606 included within the table above are recorded over time and relate primarily to service contracts. 
 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 
 Contract assets relate to unbilled amounts arising from goods that have already been transferred to the customer where the right to payment is not conditional on the passage of time. This results in recognition of an asset, as the amount of revenue recognized at a certain point in time exceeds the amount billed to customers. Contract assets are recorded in receivables within our Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are recorded within other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and are recognized as revenues within the next respective fiscal year. 

Note 3 
 
 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Trade accounts receivable CHS Capital short-term notes receivable Other Gross receivables Less allowances and reserves Total receivables 
 
 Trade Accounts Receivable 
 
 Trade accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value, which includes an allowance for expected credit losses in accordance with ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ("ASC Topic 326"). The allowance for expected credit losses is based on our best estimate of expected credit losses in existing receivable balances and is determined using historical write-off experience, adjusted for various industry and regional data and current expectations of future credit losses. Receivables from related parties are disclosed in Note 18, Related Party Transactions . No third-party customer accounted for more than 10 of the total receivables balance as of August 31, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 CHS Capital Notes Receivable 
 
 Notes Receivable 
 
 CHS Capital, LLC ("CHS Capital"), our wholly-owned subsidiary, has short-term notes receivable from commercial and producer borrowers. The short-term notes receivable have maturity terms of months or less and are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances, less an allowance for expected credit losses, as CHS Capital has the intent and ability to hold the applicable loans for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff. The carrying value of CHS Capital short-term notes receivable approximates fair value given the notes' short-term duration and use of market pricing adjusted for risk. 
 
 Notes receivable from commercial borrowers are collateralized by various combinations of mortgages, personal property, accounts and notes receivable, inventories and assignments of certain regional cooperatives' capital stock. These loans are primarily originated in the states of Minnesota and North Dakota. CHS Capital also has loans receivable from producer borrowers that are collateralized by various combinations of growing crops, livestock, inventories, accounts receivable, personal property and supplemental mortgages and are primarily originated in the same states as the commercial notes, as well as South Dakota. 
 
 In addition to the short-term balances included in the table above, CHS Capital had long-term notes receivable, with durations of generally not more than years, totaling million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The long-term notes receivable are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, commercial notes represented and , respectively, and producer notes represented and , respectively, of total CHS Capital notes receivable. 
 
 CHS Capital has commitments to extend credit to customers if there are no violations of any contractually established conditions. As of August 31, 2024, CHS Capital customers had additional available credit of billion. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

t material as of either date. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income is recognized on the accrual basis using a method that computes simple interest on a daily basis. Accrual of interest on commercial loans receivable is discontinued at the time the receivable is days past due unless the loan is well-collateralized and in process of collection. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. Producer loans receivable are placed in nonaccrual status based on estimates and analysis due to the annual debt service terms inherent to CHS Capital producer loans. In all cases, loans are placed in nonaccrual status or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 Restructuring of a loan constitutes a troubled debt restructuring, or restructured loan, if the creditor, for economic reasons related to the debtor's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the debtor that it would otherwise not consider. Concessions vary by program and borrower. Concessions may include interest rate reductions, term extensions, payment deferrals or the acceptance of additional collateral in lieu of payments. In limited circumstances, principal may be forgiven. When a restructured loan constitutes a troubled debt restructuring, CHS includes these loans within its impaired loans. CHS Capital had no significant troubled debt restructurings during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and no third-party borrowers that accounted for more than 10 of the total CHS Capital notes receivable or total receivables as of August 31, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Loan Participations 
 
 For the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, CHS Capital sold million and million of notes receivable, respectively, to various counterparties under a master participation agreement. The sales resulted in the removal of notes receivable from the Consolidated Balance Sheets. CHS Capital has no retained interests in the transferred notes receivable, other than collection and administrative services. Proceeds from sales of notes receivable have been included in investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Fees received related to the servicing of notes receivable are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We consider the fees received adequate compensation for services rendered and, accordingly, have recorded no servicing asset or liability. 
 
 Other Receivables 
 
 Other receivables are comprised of certain other amounts recorded in the normal course of business, including receivables related to vendor rebates, value-added taxes, certain financing receivables and pre-crop financing, primarily to Brazilian farmers, to finance a portion of supplier production costs. We receive volume-based rebates from certain vendors during the year. These vendor rebates are accounted for in accordance with ASC 705, Cost of Sales and Services, based on the terms of the volume rebate program. For rebates that meet the definition of a binding arrangement and are both probable and estimable, we estimate the amount of the rebate we will receive and accrue it as a reduction of the cost of inventory and cost of goods sold over the period in which the rebate is earned. For pre-crop financing arrangements, we do not bear costs or operational risks associated with the related growing crops, although our ability to be paid depends on the crops being produced. The financing is collateralized by future crops, land and physical assets of the farmers, carries a local market interest rate and settles when the farmer's crop is harvested and sold. No significant troubled debt restructurings occurred during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and no third-party customer or borrower accounted for more than 10 of the total receivables balance as of August 31, 2024 or 2023. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

Note 4 
 
 Energy Agronomy Processed grain and oilseed Other Total inventories 
 
 Grain, processed grain, oilseed, processed oilseed and other minimally processed soy-based inventories are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 330, Inventory , and are stated at net realizable value. These inventories are agricultural commodity inventories that are readily convertible to cash because of their commodity characteristics, widely available markets and international pricing mechanisms. The net realizable value of agricultural commodity inventories is determined using inputs that are generally based on exchange traded prices and/or recent market bids and offers, including location-specific adjustments. Location-specific inputs are driven by local market supply and demand and are generally based on broker or dealer quotations or market transactions in either listed or over-the-counter ("OTC") markets. Changes in the net realizable value of agricultural commodity inventories are recognized in earnings as a component of cost of goods sold. 
 
 All other inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs for inventories produced or modified by us through a manufacturing process include fixed and variable production and raw material costs, and inbound freight costs for raw materials. Costs for inventories purchased for resale include the cost of products and freight incurred to place the products at our points of sale. The costs of certain energy inventories (wholesale refined products, crude oil and asphalt) are determined on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method; all other inventories of nongrain products purchased for resale are valued on the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") and average cost methods. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we valued approximately and , respectively, of inventories, primarily crude oil and refined fuels within our Energy segment, using the lower of cost, determined on the LIFO method, or net realizable value. If the FIFO method of accounting had been used, inventories would have been higher than the reported amount by million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were no liquidations of LIFO inventories during fiscal or fiscal 2023. 

Note 5 
 
 Derivative assets (Note 15) Margin and related deposits Prepaid expenses Supplier advance payments Restricted cash (Note 1) Other Total other current assets 
 
 Short-Term Investments 
 
 Our short-term investments balance is comprised of time deposits with a maturity of greater than 90 days and less than 12 months at the date of acquisition. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

Many of our derivative contracts with futures and options brokers require us to make margin deposits of cash or other assets. Subsequent margin deposits may also be necessary when changes in commodity prices result in a loss on the contract value to comply with applicable regulations. Our margin and related deposit assets are generally held in separate accounts to support the associated derivative contracts and may be used to fund or partially fund the settlement of those contracts as they expire. Similar to our derivative financial instruments, margin and related deposits are reported on a gross basis. 
 
 Prepaid Expenses and Supplier Advance Payments 

Note 6 Investments 
 
 Ventura Foods, LLC Ardent Mills, LLC Other equity method investments Other investments Total investments 
 
 In addition to the recognition of our share of income from our equity method investments, our equity method investments are evaluated for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We had approximately million of cumulative undistributed earnings from our equity method investees included in the investments balance as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 All equity securities that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method are measured at fair value with changes therein reflected in net income. We have elected to use the measurement alternative for equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and measure these investments at cost less impairment plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions. Our share in the income or loss of our equity method investments is recorded within equity income from investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other investments consist primarily of investments in cooperatives without readily determinable fair values and are generally recorded at cost, unless an impairment or other observable market price change occurs requiring an adjustment. Investments in other cooperatives are recorded in a manner similar to equity investments without readily determinable fair values, plus patronage dividends received in the form of capital stock and other equities. Patronage dividends are recorded as a reduction to cost of goods sold at the time qualified written notices of allocation are received. Investments in debt and equity instruments are carried at amounts that approximate fair values. 
 
 CF Nitrogen 
 
 We have a billion investment in CF Nitrogen, a strategic venture with CF Industries Holdings, Inc. The investment consists of an approximate membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen. At the time we entered into the strategic venture, we also entered into a supply agreement that entitles us to purchase up to million tons of granular urea and tons of urea ammonium nitrate ("UAN") annually from CF Nitrogen for ratable delivery through fiscal 2096. Our purchases under the supply agreement are based on prevailing market prices and we receive semiannual cash distributions (in January and July of each year) from CF Nitrogen via our membership interest. These distributions are based on actual volumes purchased from CF Nitrogen under the strategic venture and will have the effect of reducing our investment to 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

over years on a straight-line basis. We account for this investment using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method, recognizing our share of the earnings and losses of CF Nitrogen as equity income from investments in our Nitrogen Production segment based on our contractual claims on the entity's net assets pursuant to the liquidation provisions of the CF Nitrogen Limited Liability Company Agreement, adjusted for the semiannual cash distributions. Cash distributions received from CF Nitrogen for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were million, million and million, respectively. 

Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities 
 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Net sales Gross profit Net earnings Earnings attributable to CHS Inc. 
 
 Ventura Foods 
 
 We have a interest in Ventura Foods, a joint venture with Mitsui Co., that produces and distributes edible oil-based products. We account for Ventura Foods as an equity method investment and our share of the results of Ventura Foods is included in Corporate and Other. 
 
 The following tables provide aggregate summarized financial information for our equity method investment in Ventura Foods for balance sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and statements of operations for the 12 months ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Current assets Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities 
 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Net sales Gross profit Net earnings Earnings attributable to CHS Inc. 
 
 Our investments in other equity method investees are not significant in relation to our consolidated financial statements, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

Note 7 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Office equipment and other Construction in progress Gross property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment 
 
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method by charges to operations at rates based on the expected useful lives of individual or groups of assets (generally 15 to 20 years for land improvements, 20 to 40 years for buildings, five to 20 years for machinery and equipment, and three to 10 years for office equipment and other). Expenditures for maintenance and minor repairs and renewals are expensed. We also capitalize and amortize eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred during the application development stage. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the related accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in operations. 
 
 Depreciation expense, including amortization of finance lease assets, for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This evaluation of recoverability is based on various indicators, including the nature, future economic benefits and geographic locations of the assets, historical or future profitability measures and other external market conditions. If these indicators suggest the carrying amounts of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, potential impairment is evaluated using undiscounted, estimated future cash flows. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value, an impairment loss would be recognized. An impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. No significant impairments were identified during fiscal , fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. 
 
 We have asset retirement obligations with respect to certain of our refineries and other assets due to various legal obligations to clean and/or dispose of the component parts at the time they are retired. In most cases, these assets can be used for extended and indeterminate periods of time if they are properly maintained and/or upgraded. It is our practice and current intent to maintain refineries and related assets and to continue making improvements to those assets based on technological advances. As a result, we believe our refineries and related assets have indeterminate lives for purposes of estimating asset retirement obligations because dates or ranges of dates upon which we would retire a refinery and related assets cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. When a date or range of dates can reasonably be estimated for the retirement of any component part of a refinery or other asset, we estimate the cost of performing the retirement activities and record a liability for the fair value of that future cost. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

Note 8 
 Customer lists, trademarks and other intangible assets Notes receivable (Note 3) Long-term derivative assets (Note 15) Prepaid pension and other benefits (Note 13) Capitalized major maintenance Cash value life insurance Operating lease right of use assets (Note 19) Other Total other assets 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired. Goodwill is assessed for impairment on an annual basis as of July 31, either by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary or by proceeding directly to the quantitative test. The quantitative test may be required more frequently if triggering events or other circumstances occur that could indicate impairment. Goodwill is assessed for impairment at the reporting unit level, which has been determined to be our operating segments or one level below our operating segments in certain instances. 
 
 There were no changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill during fiscal or fiscal 2023. 
 
 goodwill has been allocated to our Nitrogen Production segment, which consists of a single investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting, and allocated expenses. 
 
 goodwill impairments were identified as a result of our annual goodwill analyses performed as of July 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022. Management will continue to monitor the results and projected cash flows for each of our businesses to assess whether any reserves or impairments may be necessary in the future. 
 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization primarily include customer lists, trademarks and noncompete agreements, and are amortized over their respective useful lives (ranging from two to years). We have no material intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. All long-lived assets, including other identifiable intangible assets, are also assessed for impairment in accordance with U.S. GAAP and evaluated for impairment whenever triggering events or other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset group or reporting unit may not be recoverable. ) ) Trademarks and other intangible assets ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, respectively. 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 Capitalized Major Maintenance 
 
 ) 2023 ) 2022 ) 
 
 Within our Energy segment, major maintenance activities are regularly performed at our Laurel, Montana, and McPherson, Kansas, refineries. Major maintenance activities are the planned and required shutdowns of refinery processing units, which include replacement or overhaul of equipment that has experienced decreased efficiency in resource conversion. Because major maintenance activities are performed to extend the life, increase the capacity and/or improve the safety or efficiency of refinery processing assets, we follow the deferral method of accounting for major maintenance activities. Expenditures for major maintenance activities are capitalized (deferred) when incurred and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of two to five years, which is the estimated time lapse between major maintenance activities. Should the estimated time between major maintenance activities change, we may be required to amortize the remaining cost of the major maintenance activities over a shorter period, which would result in higher depreciation and amortization costs. Amortization expense related to the capitalized major maintenance costs is included in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Selection of the deferral method, as opposed to expensing major maintenance activity costs when incurred, results in deferring recognition of major maintenance activity expenditures. The deferral method also results in classification of related cash outflows as investing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, whereas expensing these costs as incurred would result in classifying the cash outflows as operating activities. Repair, maintenance and related labor costs are expensed as incurred and are included in operating cash flows. 

Note 9 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt 
 
 Our notes payable and long-term debt are subject to various restrictive requirements for maintenance of minimum consolidated net worth and other financial ratios. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

Notes Payable 
 
 CHS Capital notes payable Total notes payable 
 
 Our primary line of credit is a five -year unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of domestic and international banks. The credit facility provides a committed amount of billion that expires on April 21, 2028. There were borrowings outstanding on this facility as of August 31, 2024. We also maintain certain uncommitted bilateral facilities to support our working capital needs. 
 
 In addition to our facilities referenced above, our international subsidiaries have lines of credit with million outstanding as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 CHS Capital Notes Payable 
 
 We have a receivables and loans securitization facility ("Securitization Facility") with certain unaffiliated financial institutions ("Purchasers"). Under the Securitization Facility, we and certain of our subsidiaries ("Originators") sell trade accounts and notes receivable ("Receivables") to Cofina Funding, LLC ("Cofina"), a wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote, indirect subsidiary of CHS. Cofina in turn transfers the Receivables to the Purchasers, and this arrangement is accounted for as secured financing. We use the proceeds from the sale of Receivables under the Securitization Facility for general corporate purposes, and settlements are made on a monthly basis. The amount available under the Securitization Facility fluctuates over time based on the total amount of eligible Receivables generated during the normal course of business. The Securitization Facility consists of a committed portion with a maximum availability of million and an uncommitted portion with a maximum availability of million. As of August 31, 2024, total availability under the Securitization Facility was million, of which amount was utilized. 
 
 We also have a repurchase facility ("Repurchase Facility"). Under the Repurchase Facility, we can obtain repurchase agreement financing up to million for certain eligible receivables and notes receivables of the Originators. balance was outstanding under the Repurchase Facility as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 On August 28, 2024, we amended both the Securitization and Repurchase Facilities to extend the terms of the facilities to August 27, 2025. 
 
 CHS Capital sells loan commitments it has originated to Compeer Financial, PCA, d/b/a ProPartners Financial on a recourse basis. The total commitments under the program were million; however, amounts were borrowed under these commitments as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 CHS Capital borrows funds under short-term notes issued as part of a surplus funds program. Borrowings under this program are unsecured and are due upon demand. Borrowings under these notes totaled million as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

Long-Term Debt 
 
 During the year ended August 31, 2024, we repaid approximately million of long-term debt consisting of scheduled debt maturities and optional prepayments. On April 18, 2024, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement to borrow million of long-term debt in the form of notes; the funding of these notes took place on July 16, 2024. unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2025 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2025 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2025 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2026 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2027 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2028 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2028 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2030 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2031 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2031 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2032 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2033 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2033 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2034 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2036 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2036 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2037 
 unsecured notes million face amount, due in fiscal 2039 
 Private placement debt unsecured term loan from cooperative and other banks, due in fiscal 2026 (a) 
 Term loan Finance lease liabilities Deferred financing costs ) ) Other, including notes and contracts with interest rates from to 
 Total long-term debt Less current portion Long-term portion (a) Borrowings are variable under the agreement and bear interest at a base rate plus an applicable margin. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, the fair value of our long-term debt is estimated to be billion based on quoted market prices of similar debt (a Level 2 fair value measurement based on the classification hierarchy of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ). 
 
 On October 29, 2024, we amended our 10-year term loan facility (the Facility ). The amendment reduced the size of the Facility to million, and converted it into a revolving loan, which can be paid down and readvanced in an amount up to the referenced million until October 29, 2025. On October 29, 2025, the total funded loan balance outstanding reverts to a nonrevolving term loan that is payable on October 29, 2029. The Facility does have an option to extend the revolving period for an additional year at our choosing. Any extension would not change the final payable date of October 29, 2029. There was million outstanding under this facility as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 Interest expense for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, was million, million and million, respectively, net of capitalized interest of million, million and million, respectively. 

Note 10 
 
 Customer advance payments Derivative liabilities (Note 15) Dividends and equity payable (Note 12) Total other current liabilities 

Note 11 
 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) Total ) 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

billion, billion and billion for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Foreign income (loss) before income taxes was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Postretirement health care and deferred compensation Tax credit carryforwards Loss carryforwards Nonqualified equity Lease obligations Capitalized research and development Other Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Pension costs Investments Property, plant and equipment Lease right of use assets Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 We had total gross loss carryforwards of million, as of August 31, 2024, of which million will expire over periods ranging from fiscal 2025 to fiscal 2035. The remainder will carry forward indefinitely. Based on estimates of future taxable profits and losses in certain foreign tax jurisdictions, as well as consideration of other factors, we assessed whether a valuation allowance was necessary to reduce specific foreign loss carryforwards to amounts we believe are more likely than not to be realized as of August 31, 2024. If our estimates prove inaccurate, adjustments to the valuation allowances may be required in the future with gains or losses being charged to income in the period such determination is made. Our McPherson refinery's gross state tax credit carryforwards for income tax were approximately million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The refinery's valuation allowance on Kansas state credits is necessary due to the limited amount of taxable income generated in Kansas by the combined group on an annual basis. Our state tax credits of million will begin to expire during fiscal 2025. 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Patronage earnings ) ) ) Domestic production activities deduction ) ) ) Export activities at rates other than the U.S. statutory rate ) Intercompany transfer of business assets ) Increase in unrecognized tax benefits Valuation allowance ) Tax credits ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 
 Primary drivers of fiscal 2024 income tax benefit were decreased nonpatronage earnings compared to fiscal 2023, recognition of research and development tax credits and the current Domestic Production Activities Deduction ("DPAD") benefit. Primary drivers of the fiscal 2023 and 2022 income tax expense were increased nonpatronage earnings and other nondeductible items, which were partially offset by the current DPAD benefit. 
 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. Our uncertain tax positions are affected by the tax years that are under audit or remain subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. Fiscal years 2017 and 2019 remain subject to examination for certain issues. 
 
 Reserves are recorded against unrecognized tax benefits when we believe certain fully supportable tax return positions are likely to be challenged and we may or may not prevail. If we determine that a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, based on the technical merits of the position, we recognize the benefit by measuring the amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. We reevaluate the technical merits of our tax positions and recognize an uncertain tax benefit, or derecognize a previously recorded tax benefit, when there is (i) completion of a tax audit, (ii) effective settlement of an issue, (iii) a change in applicable tax law including a tax case or legislative guidance, or (iv) expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. Significant judgment is required in accounting for tax reserves. Additions attributable to current year tax positions Additions attributable to prior year tax positions Reductions attributable to prior year tax positions ) Reductions attributable to statute expiration ) Balance at end of period 
 
 If we were to prevail on all positions taken in relation to uncertain tax positions, million of the unrecognized tax benefits would ultimately benefit our effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months. 
 
 million, million and million for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and a related million and million interest payable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

Note 12 
 
 million, with the qualified cash portion estimated to be million, estimated qualified equity distributions of million and estimated nonqualified equity distributions of million. 
 
 Patronage distributed in equity Total patronage distributed 
 
 Annual net earnings from patronage or other sources may be added to the unallocated capital reserve or, upon action by the Board of Directors, may be allocated to members in the form of nonpatronage equity certificates. The Board of Directors authorized, in accordance with our bylaws, that of the earnings from patronage business for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 be added to our capital reserves. 
 
 Redemptions of outstanding equity are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Redemptions of capital equity certificates approved by the Board of Directors are divided into pools, one for nonindividuals (primarily member cooperatives) who may participate in an annual redemption program for qualified equities held by them and another for individual members who are eligible for equity redemptions at age or upon death. In accordance with authorization from the Board of Directors, we expect total redemptions related to the year ended August 31, 2024, which will be distributed in fiscal 2025, to be approximately million. This amount is classified as a current liability on our August 31, 2024, Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we redeemed in cash, outstanding owners' equities in accordance with authorization from the Board of Directors, in the amounts of million, million and million, respectively. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly 7/18/2023 Class B Cumulative Redeemable, Series 1 CHSCO (f) Quarterly 9/26/2023 Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable, Series 2 CHSCN 3/11/2014 Quarterly 3/31/2024 Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable, Series 3 CHSCM 9/15/2014 Quarterly 9/30/2024 Class B Cumulative Redeemable, Series 4 CHSCL 1/21/2015 Quarterly 1/21/2025 
 per year until March 31, 2024, and subsequently fixed at a rate of , based on the terms of the contract and application of the Adjustable Rate (LIBOR) Act. 
 
 (c) The Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 3 accumulated dividends at a rate of per year until September 30, 2024, and subsequently fixed at a rate of ,based on the terms of the contract and application of the Adjustable Rate (LIBOR) Act. 
 
 (d) All series of preferred stock are redeemable for cash at our option, in whole or in part, at a per share price equal to the per share liquidation preference of per share, plus all dividends accumulated and unpaid on that share to and including the date of redemption, beginning on the dates set forth in this column. 
 
 (e) The 8 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock was issued at various times from 2003 through 2010. 
 
 (f) Shares of Class B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series 1 were issued on September 26, 2013; August 25, 2014; March 31, 2016; and March 30, 2017. 
 
 Preferred Stock Dividends 
 
 We made dividend payments on our preferred stock of million during each of the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. As of August 31, 2024, the Board of Directors had not authorized the issuance of any preferred shares that were not outstanding. 
 
 2023 (Dollars per share) 8 Cumulative Redeemable CHSCP Class B Cumulative Redeemable, Series 1 CHSCO Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable, Series 2 CHSCN Class B Reset Rate Cumulative Redeemable, Series 3 CHSCM Class B Cumulative Redeemable, Series 4 CHSCL 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Amounts before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified out Total other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) ) Tax effect ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2022, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Amounts before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified out Total other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) ) Tax effect Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2023, net of tax 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Amounts before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified out ) ) Total other comprehensive loss, before tax ) ) ) ) Tax effect Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2024, net of tax 
 ) ) ) 

Note 13 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain): Experience study and mortality updates Other demographic experience ) Discount rate change ) ) ) Plan amendments Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period Actual (loss) gain on plan assets ) Company contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status at end of period ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized on balance sheet: Noncurrent assets Accrued benefit cost: Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (pretax): Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) ) Net loss (gain) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 Other demographic experience is comprised of all demographic experience different than anticipated, including terminations, retirements, deaths, pay, etc. 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation of the qualified pension plans was million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation of the nonqualified pension plans was million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) amortization ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (benefit) ) ) ) 
 
 Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (credit) costs ) ) ) Settlement of retiree obligations (a) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) ) ) 
 . 
 
 E ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

N/A N/A N/A Discount rate Expected return on plan assets N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Weighted-average assumptions to determine the benefit obligations: Interest credit rate N/A N/A N/A Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A 
 
 A significant assumption for pension costs and obligations is the discount rate. We use a full-yield curve approach by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. The discount rate reflects the rate at which the associated benefits could be effectively settled as of the measurement date. In estimating this rate, we look at rates of return on fixed-income investments of similar duration to the liabilities in the plans that receive high investment-grade ratings by recognized ratings agencies. 
 
 An annual analysis of the risk versus the return of the investment portfolio is conducted to justify the expected long-term rate of return assumption. We generally use long-term historical return information for the targeted asset mix identified in asset and liability studies. Adjustments are made to the expected long-term rate of return assumption when deemed necessary, based upon revised expectations of future investment performance of the overall investment markets. 
 
 For measurement purposes, an annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for the year ended August 31, 2024. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to by 2034 and remain at that level thereafter. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. Effect on postretirement benefit obligation 
 
 Contributions depend primarily on market returns on the pension plan assets and minimum funding level requirements. During fiscal 2024, we made a discretionary contribution of million to the pension plans. Based on the funded status of the qualified pension plans as of August 31, 2024, we do not currently believe we will be required to contribute to these plans in fiscal 2025, although we may voluntarily elect to do so. We expect to pay million to participants of the nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans during fiscal 2025. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030-2034 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

and for fixed income securities and range between and for equity securities. 
 
 The qualified plan committee believes that with prudent risk tolerance and asset diversification, the plans should be able to meet pension obligations in the future. 
 
 Equities: Common/collective trust at net asset value (1) 
 Fixed income securities: Other investments Common/collective trust at net asset value (1) 
 Partnership and joint venture interests measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total 
 Equities: Common/collective trust at net asset value (1) 
 Fixed income securities: Other investments Common/collective trust at net asset value (1) 
 Partnership and joint venture interests measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total 
 (1) In accordance with ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurement, certain assets that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the tables above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the "Financial information on changes in projected benefit obligation, plan assets funded and balance sheet status" table above. 
 
 Definitions for valuation levels are found in Note 16, Fair Value Measurements . We use the following valuation methodologies for assets measured at fair value: 
 
 Common/collective trusts. Common/collective trusts primarily consist of equity and fixed income funds and are valued using other significant observable inputs, including quoted prices for similar investments, interest rates, prepayment speeds, 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million, for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

reportable segments: Energy, Ag and Nitrogen Production. 
 
 Our Energy segment produces and provides primarily for the wholesale distribution of petroleum products and transportation of those products. Our Ag segment purchases and further processes or resells grain and oilseed originated by our ag retail (formerly referred to as country operations) business, by our member cooperatives and by third parties; serves as a wholesaler and retailer of crop inputs; and produces and markets ethanol. Our Nitrogen Production segment consists of our equity method investment in CF Nitrogen that records earnings and allocated expenses but not revenues. Our supply agreement with CF Nitrogen entitles us to purchase up to a specified quantity of granular urea and UAN annually from CF Nitrogen. Corporate and Other represents our financing and hedging businesses, which primarily consists of a U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission-regulated futures commission merchant ("FCM") for commodities hedging and financial services related to crop production. Our nonconsolidated investments in Ventura Foods and Ardent Mills, LLC ("Ardent Mills") are also included in our Corporate and Other category. 
 
 Corporate administrative expenses and interest are allocated to each reportable segment and Corporate and Other, based on direct use of services, such as information technology and legal, and other factors or considerations relevant to the costs incurred. 
 
 Many of our business activities are highly seasonal and our operating results vary throughout the year. Our revenues and IBIT generally trend lower during the second fiscal quarter and increase in the third fiscal quarter. For example, in our Ag segment, our ag retail business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the fall harvest and spring planting seasons, which generally correspond to our first and third fiscal quarters, respectively. Additionally, our agronomy business generally experiences higher volumes and revenues during the spring planting season. Our global grain and processing operations are subject to fluctuations in volume and revenues based on producer harvests, world grain prices, demand and international trade relationships. Our Energy segment generally experiences higher volumes and revenues in certain operating areas, such as refined products, in the spring, summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel use by agricultural producers is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces. Other energy products, such as propane, generally experience higher volumes and revenues during the winter heating and fall crop-drying seasons. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

interest in TEMCO, LLC ("TEMCO") and our interest in Producer Ag, LLC ("Producer Ag"). In our Nitrogen Production segment, this consists of our approximate membership interest (based on product tons) in CF Nitrogen. In Corporate and Other, this principally includes our ownership in Ventura Foods and our ownership in Ardent Mills. See Note 6, Investments , for more information related to our equity method investments. 
 
 Reconciling amounts represent the elimination of revenues between segments. Such transactions are executed at market prices to more accurately evaluate the profitability of the individual business segments. 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

) Intersegment revenues ) ) ) Revenues, net of intersegment revenues Operating earnings (loss) ) Interest expense ) ) Other income ) ) ) ) ) Equity (income) losses from investments ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Total assets as of August 31, 2024 
 
 ) Intersegment revenues ) ) ) Revenues, net of intersegment revenues Operating earnings (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) Other income ) ) ) ) Equity (income) losses from investments ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Total assets as of August 31, 2023 
 
 Energy Ag Nitrogen Production Corporate and Other Reconciling Amounts Total Year ended August 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Revenues, including intersegment revenues ) Intersegment revenues ) ) ) Revenues, net of intersegment revenues Operating earnings (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) Other (income) expense ) ) ) Equity (income) losses from investments ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

South America Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Asia Pacific (APAC) Total 
 International Total 

Foreign exchange derivatives Total Derivative liabilities Commodity derivatives Foreign exchange derivatives Total 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

Foreign exchange derivatives Total Derivative liabilities Commodity derivatives Foreign exchange derivatives Total 
 
 Derivative assets and liabilities with maturities of less than 12 months are recorded in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative assets and liabilities with maturities greater than 12 months are recorded in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount of long-term derivative assets recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. The amount of long-term derivative liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Foreign exchange derivatives Cost of goods sold ) ) Foreign exchange derivatives Marketing, general and administrative expenses ) ) Other derivatives Other income Total ) ) ) 
 
 Commodity Contracts 
 
 When we enter into a commodity purchase or sales commitment, we incur risks related to price changes and performance, including delivery, quality, quantity and shipment period. In the event that market prices decrease, we are exposed to risk of loss for the market value of inventory and purchase contracts with fixed or partially fixed prices. Conversely, we are exposed to risk of loss on our fixed- or partially fixed-price sales contracts in the event that market prices increase. 
 
 Our use of hedging reduces exposure to price volatility by protecting against adverse short-term price movements but also limits the benefits of favorable short-term price movements. To reduce the price risk associated with fixed-price commitments, we generally enter into commodity derivative contracts, to the extent practical, to achieve a net commodity position within the formal position limits we have established and deemed prudent for each commodity. These contracts are primarily transacted through our FCM on regulated commodity futures exchanges, but may include OTC derivative instruments when deemed appropriate. These contracts are recorded at fair values based on quotes listed on regulated commodity exchanges or the market prices of the underlying products listed on the exchanges, except that certain contracts are accounted for as normal purchase and normal sales transactions. For commodities where there is no liquid derivative contract, risk is managed through the use of forward sales contracts, other pricing arrangements and, to some extent, futures contracts in highly correlated commodities. These contracts are economic hedges of price risk, but are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in cost of goods sold in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 When a futures position is established, initial margin must be deposited with the applicable exchange or broker. The amount of margin required varies by commodity and is set by the applicable exchange at its sole discretion. If the market price 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

Energy products (barrels) Processed grain and oilseed (tons) Crop nutrients (tons) Ocean freight (metric tons) Natural gas (MMBtu) 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts 
 
 We conduct a substantial portion of our business in U.S. dollars, but we are exposed to risks relating to foreign currency fluctuations primarily due to global grain marketing transactions in South America, the Asia Pacific region and Europe, and purchases of products from Canada. We use foreign currency derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Although CHS has some risk exposure relating to foreign currency transactions, a larger impact with exchange rate fluctuations is the ability of foreign buyers to purchase U.S. agricultural products and the competitiveness of U.S. agricultural products compared to the same products offered by alternative sources of world supply. The notional amount of our foreign exchange derivative contracts was billion and billion as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

million and million barrels, respectively. 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 
 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Commodity derivatives ) ) ) 
 
 The following table presents the pretax gains (losses) relating to our existing cash flow hedges that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: Location of Gain (Loss) 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Commodity derivatives Cost of goods sold ) ) 

Note 16 

F-37 

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency derivatives Segregated investments and marketable securities Time deposits Other assets Total Liabilities Commodity derivatives Foreign currency derivatives Total 
 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total (Dollars in thousands) Assets Commodity derivatives Foreign currency derivatives Segregated investments and marketable securities Other assets Total Liabilities Commodity derivatives Foreign currency derivatives Total 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

Note 17 
 
 billion, of which million were outstanding as of August 31, 2024. We have collateral for a portion of these contingent obligations. We have not recorded a liability related to the contingent obligations as we do not expect to pay out any cash related to them, and the fair values are considered immaterial. The underlying loans to the counterparties for which we provide these guarantees are current as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 Credit Commitments 
 
 CHS Capital has commitments to extend credit to customers if there are no violations of any contractually established conditions. As of August 31, 2024, CHS Capital customers had additional available credit of billion. 
 
 Unconditional Purchase Obligations 
 
 Unconditional purchase obligations are commitments to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices. Our long-term unconditional purchase obligations primarily relate to pipeline and grain handling take-or-pay and throughput agreements and are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

Total payments under these arrangements were million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Note 18 
 
 Purchases 
 
 Due to related parties 
 
 As a cooperative, we are owned by farmers and ranchers and member cooperatives, which are referred to as members. We buy commodities from and provide products and services to our members. Individually, our members do not have a significant ownership in CHS. 

Note 19 Leases 

F-40 

Table of Contents 

2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Operating lease expense Finance lease expense: Amortization of assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total net lease expense 
 Income related to sublease activity is not material and has been excluded from the table above. 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating and finance leases as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: Balance Sheet Location 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Operating leases Assets Operating lease right of use assets Other assets Liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases Assets Finance lease assets Property, plant and equipment Liabilities Current finance lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Long-term finance lease liabilities Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 Information related to the lease term and discount rate for operating and finance leases as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Supplemental noncash information: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Right of use asset modifications 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total maturities of lease liabilities Less amounts representing interest Present value of future minimum lease payments Less current obligations Long-term obligations 

F-42 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 ex102chsincsupplementalexe.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (2024 Restatement) 

CHS INC. 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
 (2024 RESTATEMENT) 
 ARTICLE I. INTRODUCTION 
 Section 1.1. Amendment and Restatement . Effective January 1, 1999, CHS Inc. merged and restated the CENEX Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and the Harvest States Deferred Compensation Supplemental Retirement Plan for the purpose of providing benefits for certain of its employees who participate in the CHS Inc. Pension Plan and are part of a select group of management or highly compensated employees. The Plan was restated in a 2013 Restatement, and subsequently amended by three (3) amendments. The Plan was amended and restated to consolidate all three (3) amendments into one restatement, effective January 1, 2023. The Plan is hereby again amended and restated, effective September 1, 2024. 
 Section 1.2. Purpose . CHS Inc. maintains the CHS Inc. Pension Plan which is intended to meet the requirements of a qualified plan under the Internal Revenue Code. Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code limits the amount of annual compensation of each employee that may be taken into account under a qualified plan and Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code limits the benefits payable under a qualified plan. The purpose of the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is to provide benefits to eligible employees that would be provided under the CHS Inc. Pension Plan but which are not provided thereunder because of the compensation limitations and any other benefit limitations imposed on those plans by the Internal Revenue Code. 
 ARTICLE II. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 Section 2.1. Definitions . When used in this Plan document, the following terms have the meanings indicated unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context. 
 Active Participant means a Participant in the Plan who is identified as an Active Participant under Article III of the Plan. 
 Actuarial Value means the single sum value of a benefit under the Plan determined by the same actuarial adjustments as those specified in the Pension Plan with respect to the determination of the single sum value of a benefit payable under the Pension Plan on the date for commencement of payment of the benefit under this Plan. 
 Beneficiary means the person or persons who are the beneficiary of a Participant under the terms of the Pension Plan. 
 Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of CHS. 

CHS means CHS Inc. (formerly known as Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives) and any successor thereto, and any of its subsidiaries or affiliated business entities which are treated as one employer with that corporation under the provisions contained in Section 414 of the Code. 
 CENEX SERP means the CENEX Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 
 Committee means the CHS Inc. Retirement Plan Committee. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Harvest States SERP means the Harvest States Deferred Compensation Supplemental Retirement Plan. 
 Participant means a person who is an Active Participant or is or may become entitled to an immediate or deferred benefit under the Plan by reason of having been an Active Participant. 
 Pension Plan means the CHS Inc. Pension Plan (formerly known as the Cenex Harvest States Pension Plan). 
 Pension Plan Account means an account established under Section 4.2 of the Plan. 
 Plan means the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (formerly known as the Cenex Harvest States Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan), including any amendments thereto, which is operated and maintained by CHS primarily for the purpose of providing supplemental retirement benefits for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. Prior to January 1, 1999, Plan refers to the two plans which have been merged in this document, referred to as the CENEX Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and the Harvest States Deferred Compensation Supplemental Retirement Plan. 
 Plan Year means the plan year used by the Pension Plan, which is the calendar year as of the date of execution of this document. 
 Surviving Spouse means the person who is married to a Participant throughout the one year period ending on the date of such Participant s death. 
 Section 2.2. Performance of Obligations . CHS agrees to perform its obligations in accordance with the Plan. 
 Section 2.3. Gender and Number . The singular form of any word will include the plural and the masculine gender will include the feminine wherever necessary for the proper interpretation of this Plan. 
 
 - 2 - 

ARTICLE III. PARTICIPATION 
 Section 3.1. Eligibility and Participation . Any individual who was a Participant in the Plan on December 31, 1998, shall continue to be a Participant until the Plan causes the individual to cease to be a Participant. Further, any individual who was an Active Participant on that date shall continue to be an Active Participant. Executives with a grade of Vice President, Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President, or Chief Executive Officer shall be Active Participants in this Plan, as well as any employee selected for participation by the President and Chief Executive Officer, so long as such employees are still part of a select group of highly compensated or management employees. The President and Chief Executive Officer may withhold participation for any reason with respect to any executive of CHS. 
 Section 3.2. Status as Active Participant . The President and Chief Executive Officer of CHS may by written statement and notice to an executive who is an Active Participant cause such Participant to cease to accrue benefits under the Plan prior to the Participant s termination of employment with CHS. If the President and Chief Executive Officer takes that action with respect to such a Participant, there shall be no further accrual of benefits under this Plan on behalf of such Participant and the Participant s benefits under this Plan shall thereafter be computed as if the Plan terminated on the date of such written notice to the Participant. 
 Section 3.3. Status as Participant . A person who becomes an Active Participant will remain a Participant in the Plan until all benefits payable to such person under the Plan have been distributed. 
 ARTICLE IV. BENEFITS 
 Section 4.1. Amount of Benefits . A supplemental retirement benefit will be payable to a Participant under this Article IV. The amount of the Participant s benefit under the Plan shall be the sum of all amounts credited to accounts established in the Participant s name under this Article IV, unless the Participant s benefit is to be determined in a different manner as specified below with respect to certain grandfathered Participants. 
 Section 4.2. Pension Plan Account. Each Participant will have a Pension Plan Account to which amounts will be credited under this Section 4.2. 
 (a) Initial Account Balance . Each individual who is a Participant in the Plan as of January 1, 1999, shall have an initial account balance as of that date in the Participant s Pension Plan Account which will be determined as follows 
 (1) The initial account balance of Participants who had an account balance in the cash balance make-up account under the Harvest States SERP as of December 31, 1998, shall be the greater of 
 (A) that account balance, or 
 
 - 3 - 

(B) the Actuarial Value as of December 31, 1998, of a benefit for the Participant determined as of the same date using Section 4.3(c) of the Plan and the following assumptions (i) that the Participant had been a participant in the CENEX Pension Plan through 1998, and (ii) the Participant s service with and compensation from Harvest States Cooperatives had actually been with and from CENEX, Inc. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.2(a)(1)(B), if a Participant was an officer of Harvest States Cooperatives on January 1, 1990, then the formula used for the determination under that subsection shall be the formula used in Section 4.4(b) of the Plan. 
 (2) The initial account balance of a Participant who was a participant in the CENEX SERP as of December 31,1998, shall be equal to the greater of 
 (A) the Actuarial Value of the Participant s accrued benefit under the CENEX SERP as of December 31, 1998 or 
 (B) the difference between (i) four percent (4 multiplied by the Participant s CPP Final Average Compensation as of that date, except that such amount will be determined without applying any limits under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, multiplied by the Participant s CPP Credited Service as of that date and (ii) four percent (4 multiplied by the Participant s CPP Final Average Compensation as of that date multiplied by the Participant s CPP Credited Service as of that date. 
 However, Paragraphs (2)(A) and (2) (B) shall each be reduced by the Actuarial Value of any offset applicable to the Participant under the CENEX Pension Plan definition of accrued benefit as of December 31, 1998. Further, the phrases within quotation marks in Subsections (a)(2)(A) and (a)(2)(B) shall have the meaning given to them under the Pension Plan. 
 (b) Contribution Credits . Each December 31, an Active Participant s Pension Plan Account shall be credited with a contribution credit equal to the difference, if any, between 
 (1) the amount of the Active Participant s contribution credit which would have been credited under the Pension Plan as of that date if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation, and 
 
 - 4 - 

(2) the actual amount of such Active Participant s contribution credit that is credited under the provisions of the Pension Plan as of such date. 
 (c) Special Career Credits . Each December 31, an Active Participant s Pension Plan Account shall be credited with a special career credit equal to the difference, if any, between 
 (1) the amount of the Active Participant s special career credit which would have been credited under the Pension Plan as of that date if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation, and 
 (2) the actual amount of such Active Participant s special career credit that is credited under the provisions of the Pension Plan as of such date. 
 (d) Investment Credits . As of the end of each Plan Year, each Participant s Pension Plan Account shall be credited with an amount referred to as an investment credit which shall be equal to (1) an investment percentage multiplied by (2) the Participant s Pension Plan Account balance determined as of the first day of that year. Such Investment Credits shall be credited until distributions commence under the Plan. If the period for crediting the investment credits is less than 12 months, such as on account of a distribution to the Participant, pro rata investment credits shall be credited. The investment percentage shall be the investment percentage in effect during such Plan Year under the Pension Plan. 
 (e) Adjustment for Certain Participants . Notwithstanding the prior provisions of this Section 4.2 related to credits for the Pension Plan Account, a Participant that receives a benefit under Section 6.13 of the Pension Plan and whose benefit under the Plan is determined in part under this Section, shall, at the time a Participant s benefit commences, have his or her Pension Plan Account reduced by an amount, not less than zero, equal to the difference between 
 (1) the Actuarial Value of the benefit actually payable from the Pension Plan and 
 (2) the Actuarial Value of the benefit which would have been payable from the Pension Plan without applying Section 6.13 of the Pension Plan. 
 Section 4.3 Exceptions for Certain Former CENEX Employees . 
 (a) Eligibility for Exception . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.2 of the Plan, a Participant who is a former employee of CENEX, Inc., is a CHS employee on January 1, 1999, is a Participant in the Pension Plan as of that date, has reached age 50 as of that date, and has been credited with 10 years of CENEX Credited Service (that phrase shall have the 
 
 - 5 - 

meaning given to it under that plan) as of December 31, 1998, shall be eligible to receive the benefits described in this section. 
 (b) Additional Benefits . If a Participant described in Subsection (a) becomes entitled to an additional benefit under the Pension Plan during the period from January 1, 1999, through December 31, 2001, because of satisfying that description, such Participant will be entitled to an additional benefit under this Plan. The Actuarial Value of that benefit will be an amount (not less than zero) which will be determined as of the day the Participant s benefit is to begin under the Pension Plan and will be equal to the difference between 
 (1) the Actuarial Value of such additional benefit which the Participant would have been entitled to receive under the Pension Plan if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation, and 
 (2) the Actuarial Value of such additional benefit actually payable to the Participant under the Pension Plan. 
 (c) Election and Alternative Benefit . If, during the ninety day period ending on November 30, 2001, a Participant described in Subsection (a) makes an election under the Pension Plan to have the Participant s benefit determined under the CENEX Pension Plan accrued benefit formula, then the provisions of Section 4.2 of this Plan shall not be applicable to the Participant. Instead, the Participant will be entitled to a different benefit. The amount of that benefit will be a monthly amount (not less than zero) which will be determined as of the day the Participant s benefit is to begin under the Pension Plan and will be equal to the difference between 
 (1) the monthly amount which the Participant would have been entitled to receive under the Pension Plan if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation, and 
 (2) the monthly amount of the benefit actually payable to the Participant under the Pension Plan. 
 
 - 6 - 

Section 4.4 Adjustments . 
 (a) Adjustment for Service with Another Participating Employer in Pension Plan . Any portion of the benefit computed under Section 4.2 or Section 4.3 of the Plan that is attributable to service with a participating employer in the Pension Plan other than CHS will not be payable under this Plan. That portion will be considered to be proportional to the portion of the Participant s accrued benefit under the Pension Plan which was accrued during such Participant s service with such a participating employer. 
 (b) Adjustment for Certain Former Officers of CENEX, Inc. If a Participant was employed as an officer of Farmers Union Central Exchange, Incorporated as of January 1, 1989, the Actuarial Value of the Participant s benefit determined under whichever of Section 4.2 or Section 4.3(c) of the Plan is applicable to the Participant will be increased to the Actuarial Value of the amount determined under Section 4.3(c) of the Plan using CENEX Pension Plan (then referred to as the Farmers Union Central Exchange, Incorporated Pension Plan) provisions as in effect on December 31, 1988 (except that the compensation definition ordinarily used under Section 4.3(c) of the Plan will be used in calculating that amount), if the latter amount is larger than determined under the applicable provision without application of this sentence. 
 (c) Special Benefits for Robert Oebser . The additional benefit computed for Robert Oebser under Section 4.3 shall be computed as if his first day of employment was May 31, 1983, and his birth date was December 28, 1937. 
 (d) Surviving Spouse Benefit of Former CEO . In return for valuable services provided by John McKay, a long-time employee and former Chief Executive Officer of CHS, the surviving spouse of John McKay, Juanita McKay, shall be paid a benefit of 500.00 per month for as long as she shall live. The monthly payments will commence as of July 1, 2006, and subsequent monthly payments will be made as of the first day of every month thereafter. 
 (e) Cofina Financial, LLC . In connection with CHS acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of Cofina Financial, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company Cofina ), CHS assumed all deferred compensation obligations under the Cofina Financial, LLC Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Cofina SERP ). Prior to such acquisition, Cofina was (and continues to be) a participating employer in the CHS Inc. Pension Plan. The Cofina SERP is (like the CHS SERP) a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits that would be provided under the CHS Inc. Pension Plan but which are not provided thereunder because of the compensation limitations under Section 401(a)(17) (compensation limit) and Section 414 (exclusion of deferred compensation from pensionable earnings) of the Internal Revenue Code, as well as the annual addition limitations under and Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Cofina SERP is, in all material respects, identical to the CHS SERP. Accordingly, each Cofina SERP Participant s Pension Plan Account under the Cofina Plan shall be merged with and into the CHS Plan, and such account shall become the Participant s opening Pension Plan Account under the CHS Plan as of September 1, 2008 (the Merger Date ). (No Cofina SERP Participants have accrued benefits determined under an alternative, traditional pension formula rather, all benefits are determined under a cash balance formula.) Effective as of the Merger Date, Cofina shall become a participating employer in the CHS SERP. With 
 
 - 7 - 

respect to each eligible employee of Cofina who is selected to become an active participant in the CHS SERP, such Participant s service and compensation earned with Cofina both before and after the Merger Date shall be taken into account for purposes of determining such Participant s contribution credits and special career credits under the CHS SERP. 
 (f) Special Contribution Credits for Newly Hired Participants . Notwithstanding Section 4.2(b), with respect to any Participant named on Schedule A, the Participant s Pension Plan Account shall be credited with one or more contribution credits equal to the credit(s) which would have been made to that Participant under the Pension Plan if he or she had been an active participant in the Pension Plan from his or her CHS date of hire through his or her actual date of entry into the Pension Plan (subject to the requirement that the Participant be an Active Participant in this Plan on the applicable December 31 for which such credit would have been made under the Pension Plan). However, such credits shall be determined as if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the Participant s election under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer, any amounts received as replacement of forfeited compensation in accordance with the Participant s employment term sheet, or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation. 
 Section 4.5. Payment of Benefit . 
 (a) Time of Payment . The Actuarial Value of the benefit payable under this Article IV will be paid in a single lump sum upon a Participant s benefit distribution date. For this purpose, the term benefit distribution date shall mean the date that is six (6) months after the Participant s separation from service (as defined below). Payment shall be deemed paid as of the benefit distribution date, or if later, the 15th day of the third calendar month following the benefit distribution date. 
 Separation from service shall mean the separation from service (within the meaning of Treas. Regs. 1.409A 1(h)) with CHS, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than retirement, disability or death. Whether a separation from service has occurred is determined under Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulation 1.409A 1(h) i.e. , whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the employer and the employee reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the employee would perform after such date (whether as an employee or independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty six (36) month period (or the full period of services to the employer if the employee has been providing services to the employer less than thirty six (36) months)). Separation from service shall not be deemed to occur while the employee is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if the period does not exceed six (6) months or, if longer, so long as the employee retains a right to reemployment with CHS under an applicable 
 
 - 8 - 

statute or by contract. For this purpose, a leave is bona fide only if, and so long as, there is a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to perform services for CHS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a twenty nine (29) month period of absence will be substituted for such six (6) month period if the leave is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of no less than six (6) months and that causes the employee to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment. For this purpose, CHS is the Participant s employer and all persons with whom the employer would be considered a single employer under Sections 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code provided that, in applying Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under Section 414(b) of the Code, the language at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears therein, and in applying Treas. Regs. 1.414(c) 2 for purposes of determining trades or businesses that are under common control for purposes of Section 414(c) of the Code, at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears therein. If a Participant is both an employee and a director, a separation from service shall occur only upon the termination of the last position held. 
 (b) Grandfathered Participants . With respect to any grandfathered Participant whose benefit is computed under a traditional defined benefit formula pursuant to Section 4.3(c) (and not as an account balance benefit under Section 4.2), the Actuarial Value shall be determined as of the separation date, and then such single sum shall be credited with interest for the period beginning on the separation date and ending on the payment date (based on the applicable interest rate under Section 417(e) of the Code, using the first segment rate applicable for the look-back month and stability period used under the Pension Plan). 
 (c) 409A Compliance 409A Grandfathered Participants . Between January 1, 2005 and July 1, 2006 (the effective date of the amendment bringing the Plan into compliance with Section 409A of the Code), the Plan was operated and administered in compliance with transition rules promulgated by the Treasury under Notice 2005-1 and proposed regulations. Effective July 1, 2006, the Plan was amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code with respect to both the portion of the Participant s benefit that is grandfathered from application of Section 409A of the Code i.e. the portion that was earned and vested as of December 31, 2004) and the portion that is subject to Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Participant whose entire benefit payable under this Plan is grandfathered from application of Section 409A of the Code i.e. the entire benefit was both earned and vested as of December 31, 2004), such Participant s entire benefit shall continue to be payable in accordance with the terms of the Plan as existed prior to January 1, 2005. 
 Section 4.6. Impact of Ceasing to be an Active Participant . In the event that a Participant ceases to be an Active Participant as of a date but does not incur a termination of employment with CHS, then the amount described in this Article IV will be determined as if the Participant did not accumulate any additional service after that date and did not have any increase in compensation after that date. 
 Section 4.7. Termination of Pension Plan . If the Pension Plan is terminated by CHS, the benefit payable to a Participant under this Article IV with respect to the terminated plan, if 
 
 - 9 - 

any, will be determined as of the termination date of the terminated plan as if the Participant incurred a termination of employment with CHS as of such date and no other benefit will be provided under this Article IV with respect to the terminated plan. 
 Section 4.8 Clawback or Recoupment . All benefits under this Plan shall be subject to recovery or other penalties pursuant to (i) any CHS clawback policy, as may be adopted or amended from time to time, or (ii) any applicable law, rule or regulation or applicable stock exchange rule, including, without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any applicable stock exchange listing rule adopted pursuant thereto. 
 ARTICLE V. DEATH BENEFITS 
 Section 5.1. Normal Death Benefit . 
 (a) Death Benefit for Beneficiary . In the event of a Participant s death prior to payment of benefits under the Plan, the Participant s Beneficiary will be entitled to a death benefit. The death benefit is 100 of the Participant s account balances described in Article IV of the Plan. If the Participant was eligible for the grandfathered benefit described in Section 4.5 of the Plan, the death benefit attributable to the Participant s Pension Plan Account Balance is the greater of the Participant s Pension Plan Account balance or the Actuarial Value of the Participant s grandfathered benefit as provided by Section 4.5 of the Plan. 
 (b) Payment of Benefit . The Actuarial Value of the benefit described in Subsection (a) will be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary in a single lump sum upon the Participant s death. Payment shall be deemed paid as of the Participant s death if it is made no later than the last day of the calendar year in which occurs the Participant s death, or if later, the 15th day of the third calendar month following the Participant s death. 
 (c) Death of Beneficiary . If a Beneficiary becomes entitled to a benefit under the preceding provision of this section and thereafter dies prior to the time payments begin to such Beneficiary, the death benefit shall be paid to the Beneficiary s estate, unless the Participant specifically provided otherwise in the Participant s designation of beneficiary under the Pension Plan, in which case, the death benefit will be paid to that designated beneficiary. 
 Section 5.2. Exceptions for Certain Former CENEX Employees . 
 (a) Application of this Section . If a Participant is covered by Section 4.3 of the Plan, then Section 5.1 of the Plan won t apply and this section will apply with respect to the Participant. 
 (b) Surviving Spouse Benefit . If a Participant who is described in Subsection (a) dies prior to payment of benefits under the Plan under circumstances in which a benefit is payable to the Surviving Spouse of the Participant pursuant to the Pension Plan, then a supplemental benefit is payable to the Surviving Spouse under this Plan. The monthly amount of such benefit payable to the Surviving Spouse will be an amount, not less than zero, equal to the difference between 
 
 - 10 - 

(1) the monthly amount which the Surviving Spouse would have been entitled to receive under the Pension Plan if the limitations on benefits imposed by Section 401(a)(17) and Section 415 of the Code on the Pension Plan were disregarded and if compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under any nonqualified plan maintained by CHS or any other participating employer in the Pension Plan were to be taken into account as compensation under the Pension Plan, except that amounts deferred or paid under the mandatory deferral portion of any long term incentive compensation program maintained by such an employer, or any amounts paid under any other nonqualified plan or program maintained by CHS or such a participating employer will not be considered part of that compensation, and 
 (2) the monthly amount actually payable to the Surviving Spouse under the Pension Plan. 
 (c) Payment of Benefit . The Actuarial Value of the benefit payable under this Section 5.2 of the Plan will be paid to the Surviving Spouse under the Pension Plan in a single lump sum upon the Participant s death. Payment shall be deemed paid as of the Participant s death if it is made no later than the last day of the calendar year in which occurs the Participant s death, or if later, the 15th day of the third calendar month following the Participant s death. 
 (d) Participant Ceases to be Active Participant . In the event that a Participant ceases to be an Active Participant as of a date but does not incur a termination of employment with CHS, and a supplemental benefit is payable to the Surviving Spouse under this Section 5.2, then the amount described in Section 5.2(b) of the Plan will be determined as if the Participant did not accumulate any additional service after that date and did not have any increase in compensation after that date. 
 (e) Exception for Certain Officers . If the Participant was employed as an officer of Farmers Union Central Exchange, Incorporated as of January 1, 1989, the monthly amount determined under Section 5.2(b) of the Plan will be increased to the amount determined under that subsection using CENEX Pension Plan (then referred to as the Farmers Union Central Exchange, Incorporated Pension Plan) provisions as in effect on December 31, 1988 (except that the compensation definition ordinarily used under Section 5.2(b) of the Plan will be used in calculating that amount), if such amount is larger than determined under that subsection without application of this sentence. 
 Section 5.3. Exclusion for Service with other Participating Employers in Pension Plan . Any portion of the benefit computed under this Article V that is attributable to service of a Participant with a participating employer in the Pension Plan other than CHS will not be payable under this Plan. That portion will be considered to be proportional to the portion of the Participant s accrued benefit under the Pension Plan which was accrued during such Participant s service with such a participating employer. 
 Section 5.4. Termination of Pension Plan . If the Pension Plan is terminated by CHS, the benefit payable to a Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse under this Article V, if any, will be 
 
 - 11 - 

determined as of the termination date of the Pension Plan and no other benefit will be provided under this Article V. 
 ARTICLE VI. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN 
 Section 6.1. General Administration . The general operation and administration of the Plan shall be delegated to the Committee. The Committee s composition, duties, authority and responsibilities shall be determined in accordance with the CHS Inc. Retirement Plan Committee Charter (the Charter ), as amended from time to time. The Committee will be entitled to rely conclusively upon all tables, valuations, certificates, opinions and reports furnished by any actuary, accountant, controller, counsel or other person employed or engaged by CHS with respect to the Plan. 
 Section 6.2. Interpretation . The Committee will have the authority, duty and power to interpret and construe the provisions of the Plan as it deems appropriate. The Committee will have the duty and responsibility of maintaining records, making the requisite calculations and dispersing the payments hereunder. The Committee s interpretations, determinations, regulations and calculations will be final and binding on all persons and parties concerned. 
 Section 6.3. Claims Procedures. The procedures for filing claims for Plan benefits are described below. For claims procedures purposes, the Claims Manager will be the Committee. 
 (a) Initial Claim . An initial claim for benefits under the Plan must be made by the Participant or his or her Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse in accordance with the terms of the Plan. If for any reason a claim for benefits under this Plan is denied by the Claims Manager, the Claims Manager will deliver to the claimant a written explanation setting forth the specific reasons for the denial, pertinent references to the section under the Plan on which the denial is based, such other data as may be pertinent and information on the procedures to be followed by the claimant in obtaining a review of his or her claim, all written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. For this purpose 
 (1) The claimant s claim will be deemed to be filed when presented orally or in writing to the Claims Manager. 
 (2) The Claims Manager s explanation will be in writing delivered to the claimant within 90 days of the date the claim is filed. 
 (b) Request for Review . The claimant will have 60 days following his or her receipt of the denial of the claim to file with the Claims Manager a written request for review of the denial. For such review, the claimant or the claimant s representative may review pertinent documents and submit written issues and comments. 
 (c) Decision after Review . The Claims Manager will decide the issue on review and furnish the claimant with a copy within 60 days of receipt of the claimant s request for review of the claimant s claim. The decision on review will be in writing and will include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, as well as 
 
 - 12 - 

specific references to the pertinent provisions in the Plan on which the decision is based. If a copy of the decision is not so furnished to the claimant within such 60 days, the claim will be deemed denied on review. In no event may a claimant commence legal action for benefits the claimant believes are due the claimant until the claimant has exhausted all of the remedies and procedures afforded the claimant by this Article VI. 
 Section 6.4. Written Statement . CHS may provide individual written statements of accrued benefits to each Participant, or current Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse, in a form determined by CHS at such times as may be established by CHS. 
 Section 6.5. Records . The records of the Plan will be maintained on the Plan Year. 
 ARTICLE VII. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION 
 Section 7.1. Amendment or Termination . CHS intends the Plan to be permanent but reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan at any time. Any such amendment or termination will be made pursuant to a resolution of CHS s Board of Directors and will be effective as of the date provided in the resolution. An amendment will be stated in an instrument in writing signed in the name of CHS by a person authorized by the Board of Directors and all parties interested herein will be bound thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may amend the Plan to the extent permitted in the Charter. 
 Section 7.2. Impact on Benefits . No amendment or termination of the Plan will directly or indirectly reduce any benefit described in Article IV or Article V of the Plan as of the effective date of such amendment or termination. A Participant s benefit which has accrued under the Plan will not increase after the termination of the Plan and will be determined under the appropriate provisions of the Plan as if the Participant did not accumulate any additional service after the effective date of such termination and did not have any increase in compensation after that date. Upon the termination of the Plan, distribution of benefits payable under the Plan will be made to the Participants or their Beneficiaries or Surviving Spouses in accordance with Article IV of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE VIII. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 8.1. Responsibility for Benefits and Expenses . CHS will pay benefits arising under the Plan and all costs, charges and expenses related thereto. CHS may anticipate its obligations under this Plan by establishing a trust or purchasing any insurance or other contract provided, however, that such funding vehicle will not 
 (a) change the status of this Plan as an unfunded plan, or 
 (b) change the rights of a Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse under Section 8.3 of the Plan. 
 
 - 13 - 

Section 8.2. Inalienability . The benefits payable hereunder or the right to receive future benefits under the Plan may not be anticipated, alienated, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered, or subjected to any charge or legal process and no interest or right to receive a benefit may be taken, either voluntarily or involuntarily, for the satisfaction of the debts of, or other obligations or claims against, such person or entity, including claims for alimony, support, separate maintenance and claims in bankruptcy proceedings. 
 Section 8.3. Unsecured Claim . The right of a Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse to receive a distribution hereunder will be an unsecured claim against the general assets of CHS, and neither a Participant nor his or her Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse will have any rights in or against any amount credited to any accounts under the Plan or any other assets of CHS. The Plan will at all times be considered entirely unfunded both for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. Funds invested hereunder will continue for all purposes to be part of the general assets of CHS and available to the general creditors of CHS in the event of CHS s bankruptcy (when CHS is involved in a pending proceeding under the Federal Bankruptcy Code) or insolvency (when CHS is unable to pay its debts as they mature). No Participant or any other person will have any interests in any particular assets of CHS by reason of the right to receive a benefit under the Plan. The Plan constitutes a mere promise by CHS to make payments to the Participants in the future. 
 Section 8.4. Terms of Pension Plan . Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions of the Pension Plan will apply to the benefits described in Articles IV and V of the Plan. Nothing in this Plan will operate or be construed in any way to modify, amend or affect the terms and provisions of the Pension Plan. 
 Section 8.5. Sufficiency of CHS Assets . Nothing contained in the Plan will be interpreted as a guaranty by CHS or any other person or entity that any funds or assets of CHS will be sufficient to pay any benefit hereunder. 
 Section 8.6. Plan Administered According to its Terms . No Participant, Beneficiary, or Surviving Spouse will have any right to a benefit under this Plan except in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Establishment of the Plan will not be construed to give any Participant the right to be retained in the service of CHS. The sole rights of a Participant or his or her Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse under the Plan will be to have the Plan administered according to its terms, and to receive whatever benefits he or she may be entitled to hereunder. 
 Section 8.7. Incompetency . If any person entitled to a benefit payment under the Plan is declared incompetent and a conservator or other person legally charged with the care of such person or of his or her estate is appointed, any benefits under the Plan to which the person is entitled will be paid to such conservator or other person legally charged with the care of the person or his or her estate. Except as provided above, when CHS determines that such person is unable to manage his or her affairs, CHS may provide for such payment or any part thereof to be made to any other person or institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and maintenance of such person. Any such payment will be a payment for the account of such person and a complete discharge of any liability of CHS and the Plan therefore. 
 
 - 14 - 

Section 8.8. Impact of Corporate Change . The Plan will not be automatically terminated by a transfer or sale of assets of CHS or by the merger or consolidation of CHS into or with any other corporation or other entity, but the Plan will be continued after such sale, merger or consolidation only if and to the extent that the transferee, purchaser or successor entity agrees to continue the Plan. In the event the Plan is not continued by the transferee, purchaser or successor entity, then the Plan will terminate subject to the provisions of Article VII of the Plan. 
 Section 8.9. Addresses . Each Participant will keep CHS informed of his or her current address and the current address of his or her spouse and any designated Beneficiary. CHS will not be obligated to search for any person. If the location of a Participant is not made known to CHS within two (2) years after the date on which payment of the Participant s benefits payable under this Plan may first be made, payment may be made as though the Participant had died at the end of the two-year period. If, within one additional year after such two-year period has elapsed, or, within two (2) years after the actual death of a Participant, whichever is later, CHS is unable to locate the Surviving Spouse or a designated Beneficiary of the Participant, then CHS will have no further obligation to pay any benefit hereunder to such Participant, Surviving Spouse, or designated Beneficiary and such benefits will be irrevocably forfeited to CHS. 
 Section 8.10. Liability . Notwithstanding any of the preceding provisions of the Plan, neither CHS nor any individual acting as an employee or agent of CHS will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, Surviving Spouse, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, unless attributable to fraud or willful misconduct on the part of CHS or any such employee or agent of CHS. 
 Section 8.11. Availability of Copy of Plan . CHS will make a copy of the Plan available for inspection by any Participant or designated Beneficiary or Surviving Spouse. 
 Section 8.12. Applicable Laws . All questions pertaining to the construction, validity and effect of the Plan will be determined in accordance with the laws of the United States and to the extent not preempted by such laws, by the laws of the State of Minnesota. 
 Section 8.13. Invalidated Provision . Any provision of this Plan prohibited by law will be ineffective to the extent of any such prohibition, without invalidating the remaining provisions of the Plan. 
 Executed this ________ day of _________________ , 2024. 
 
 CHS INC. 

By ____________________________________ 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

- 15 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN (2024 Restatement) 
 Schedule A 
 As of September 1, 2024 
 
 1. Carl Casale 
 2. Shirley Cunningham 
 3. Timothy Skidmore 
 4. Adam Holton 
 5. David Black 
 6. Jean Briand 
 7. James Zappa 
 8. Jason Price 
 9. Mary Kaul-Hottinger 
 10. Javier Alarcon 
 11. Olivia Nelligan 
 12. Brandon Smith 

S-A 

Executed this ________ day of _________________ , 2024. 
 
 CHS INC. 

By ____________________________________ 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 S-B 

CHS INC. 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN 
 (2024 RESTATEMENT) 
 Appendix A 
 CHS McPherson Refinery Inc. (fka National Cooperative Refinery Association) 
 Supplemental Retirement Benefits 
 1. History . In connection with the Company s acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of CHS McPherson Refinery Inc., formerly National Cooperative Refinery Association, a Kansas corporation CMRI ), the Company assumed all deferred compensation obligations under the I.R.C. 409A National Cooperative Refinery Association Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan NCRA Plan ). The NCRA Plan is maintained under a document entitled I.R.C. 409A National Cooperative Refinery Association Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, As Restated Effective January 1, 2008 , as amended by one amendment. 
 Pursuant to Article IV of the NCRA Plan, if a participant in the NCRA Plan (an NCRA Participant becomes entitled to a retirement benefit under either the National Cooperative Refinery Association Employee Retirement Plan or the National Cooperative Refinery Association Savings and Retirement Plan or both (collectively, the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans ), and such retirement benefit is limited by Section 401(a)(17) or Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Limitations ), then the NCRA Participant becomes entitled to a Supplemental Retirement Benefit payable under the NCRA Plan equal to (a) less the sum of (b) and (c), where 
 (a) is the amount the NCRA Participant and or his beneficiary would be entitled to receive under the terms and provisions of the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans, based on the participant s actual annuity starting date and the then normal form of retirement income payment under the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans, based on the NCRA Participant s actual annuity starting date and the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans normal form of retirement income payment, assuming the limitations 
 (b) is the amount the NCRA Participant and or his beneficiary is actually entitled to receive under the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans, based on the NCRA Participant s actual annuity starting date and the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans normal form of retirement income payment and 
 (c) is the amount, if any, the NCRA Participant and or his beneficiary is actually entitled to receive under the NCRA Frozen (as of December 31, 2004) Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, based on the NCRA Participant s actual annuity starting date and the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans normal form of retirement income payment. 
 A-1 

2. Merger of Plans . Effective December 31, 2015, the NCRA Qualified Defined Benefit Plans shall be merged into the CHS Inc. Pension Plan under Sections XIII and XIV. Each Supplemental Retirement Benefit payable under the NCRA Plan shall be transferred to and become part of this Plan. Each CMRI (formerly known as NCRA) Participant selected to actively participate in this Plan is eligible for the benefit described below. 
 3. Amount of Supplemental Retirement Benefit . The amount of a CMRI Participant s Supplemental Retirement Benefit under this Plan shall be equal to (a) less the sum of (b) and (c), where 
 (a) is the amount the CMRI Participant and or his beneficiary would be entitled to receive under the terms and provisions of the CHS Inc. Pension Plan, based on the participant s actual annuity starting date and the then normal form of retirement income payment under the CHS Inc. Pension Plan, based on the CMRI Participant s actual annuity starting date and the CHS Inc. Pension Plan s normal form of retirement income payment, assuming the limitations 
 (b) is the amount the CMRI Participant and or his beneficiary is actually entitled to receive under the CHS Inc. Pension Plan, based on the CMRI Participant s actual annuity starting date and the CHS Inc. Pension Plan s normal form of retirement income payment and 
 (c) is the amount, if any, the CMRI Participant and or his beneficiary is actually entitled to receive under the NCRA Frozen (as of December 31, 2004) Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, based on the CMRI Participant s actual annuity starting date and the CHS Inc. Pension Plan s normal form of retirement income payment. 
 4. Time and Form of Payment . Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, a CMRI Participant s Supplemental Retirement Benefit shall be paid at the time specified in Article V of the NCRA Plan, and in the form elected by the CMRI Participant in accordance with Article V, using the actuarial equivalence factors specified in Article V. 
 5. Promoted Employees . CMRI employees with CHS Inc. Pension Plan benefits under Section XIII who are promoted to a position eligible for participation in this Plan shall be covered under CHS Inc. Pension Plan Section XIV for purposes of determining such Participants Supplemental Retirement Benefits. 
 6. Former participants in the NCRA Plan with the last names Balzer, Mendard and Sims are Participants in the Plan but are not Active Participants in the Plan. However, they are entitled to a benefit under the Plan. The benefit of each such Participant under the Plan shall be the benefit determined for that Participant under the Plan on December 31, 2015, which is the benefit that was transferred to the Plan for that Participant from the NCRA Plan on that date. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, including this Appendix, that benefit shall not increase or decrease prior to the commencement of the benefit. 
 
 A-2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 ex103fy25annualvariablepay.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document (U.S. and Canada) 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 Purpose 
 The purpose of the CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan (the Plan is to provide a direct financial incentive for eligible employees (each a Participant who contribute to the achievement of company and business unit financial performance goals, as well as individual performance goals that are aligned with organizational priorities and CHS Capabilities. The Plan is intended to 
 
 Drive strong business performance by providing Participants line of sight into their contributions to the achievement of business goals 
 Emphasize shared ownership of enterprise and business unit initiatives, and reward Participants for the achievement of collective results through collaborative work efforts 
 Provide incentives that are competitive with compensation in the external market and aligned with organizational and market best practices 
 
 Performance Period 
 Each Performance Period for the Plan Performance Period is measured in one (1) fiscal-year segment, currently September 1 through August 31. A new Performance Period begins each fiscal year. 
 
 For purposes of the Plan, Award is defined as the amount awarded to a Participant for a Performance Period upon the CHS Board of Directors approving the Performance Period financial results and authorizing distribution of payouts under the Plan following the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 Eligibility 
 Employees must meet all the following criteria to be eligible 
 In an eligible non-union job pay grade 16 or higher on or before June 1 of the Performance Period 
 Have full-time or part-time regularly scheduled status on or before June 1 of the Performance Period 
 Remain active in non-union job at the end of the Performance Period (August 31) 
 Work a minimum of 30 days in an eligible role during the Performance Period 
 Not eligible for variable compensation through any other bonus, commission, or incentive plan 
 
 Generally, employees meeting any of the following criteria are not eligible 
 In pay grade 15 or below job 
 In a union job 
 Layoff, Intern or Temp Seasonal status 
 Hire date or effective date in eligible job after June 1 of the Performance Period 
 Separated status at the end of the Performance Period (August 31), unless separation type is eligible for proration (reference Award Proration for details) 
 Worked less than 30 days during Performance Period 
 Eligible for variable compensation through any other bonus, commission, or incentive plan 
 
 Employee eligibility may change during the Performance Period due to employee changes including status change, transfer, or job change. An eligibility change may result in the employee becoming ineligible for the Plan or being eligible for proration of the Award (reference Award Proration for details). 
 
 Employees that are not eligible for the Plan include but are not limited to Employees in pay grades 15 and below Drivers Applicators sales incentive eligible employees Interns employees coded to the following Ag Partners, LLC GL company Battle Creek CHS, LLC GL company Dakota Ag Partners, LLC GL company Midwest Ag Supplements, LLC GL company TEMCO, LLC GL company COCPA CENTRAL PLAINS AG SERVICES INVESTMENT department. Eligibility can be changed at the sole discretion of the Plan Administrators. 
 
 Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 1 

Forfeiture and Modification for Performance or Behavior 
 A Participant may forfeit eligibility under the Plan for any Performance Period or have their opportunity for an Award, if provided under the Plan, modified at the discretion of the Plan Administrators, if it has been determined that the Participant has failed to meet job performance criteria and standards, which includes but is not limited to documented performance issues, or that they have committed acts of misconduct, dishonesty or violation of CHS policies and procedures. Forfeiture of eligibility or modification of a Participant s opportunity for an Award under the Plan must be approved by the Plan Administrators. 
 
 Performance Goals 
 Performance Goals are established for each Performance Period at the beginning of the Performance Period. Financial Performance goals are defined in the Plan Appendix for each Performance Period. Plan Performance Goals include 
 
 Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) 
 Return on Assets (ROA) 
 Individual Performance Goals 
 
 All Plan Performance Goals for each Performance Period are measured over the applicable Performance Period. 
 
 The President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) establish, and the CHS Board of Directors approves, the ROIC Performance Goals at the corporate level for each Performance Period pursuant to the Plan. 
 The CEO and CFO establish, in collaboration with senior finance and business unit leaders, all business unit ROA Performance Goals for each Performance Period pursuant to the Plan. 
 Individual Performance Goals are established by the Participant and the Participant s Manager at the beginning of the Performance Period. 
 
 For any Award made under the Plan, the payout range for each Performance Goal is calculated as a percent of target Performance Goal (the expected level of performance), based on actual results for that Performance Goal for the Performance Period. 
 
 The payout range is calculated independently for each Performance Goal and mathematically interpolated when results are attained between the Performance Goal levels. The following table illustrates the Performance Goal levels and associated payout range. 

Performance Goal Level Level Definition Payout Range Maximum Highest level of Performance 200 Target Expected level of Performance 100 Threshold Lowest level of Performance 50 
 
 Performance Goal Weightings 
 The Performance Goal Weightings indicate the relative value of each Performance Goal in the Award calculation. Performance Goals are weighted based on whether Participants are in a Corporate Function or a Business Unit Participant group. The following table illustrates Performance Goal Weightings by Participant group. 

Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 2 

Participant Group Group Definition Performance Goal Weighting ROIC ROA Individual Corporate Function Enterprise Support 70 30 Business Unit Defined Market Segment 35 35 30 
 Corporate function includes all enterprise leadership team Participants. 
 
 Performance Goal Trigger 
 Performance Goal levels and Triggers are established at the beginning of each Performance Period. The Trigger defines the level of required performance to trigger any Award. 
 
 The Trigger or Triggers are based on whether Participants are in a Corporate Function or a Business Unit Participant group, as follows 
 
 Corporate Function Participant 
 Threshold ROIC Performance Goal must be met for any Award to be issued under the Plan. 
 If the threshold ROIC Performance Goal is not met, no Award will be issued under the Plan. 
 Business Unit Participant 
 Threshold ROIC or target ROA Performance Goals must be met for any Award to be issued under the Plan. 
 If the threshold ROIC Performance Goal is not met, and the target ROA Performance Goal is met, any Award may be issued for the ROA Performance Goal only. If both the threshold ROIC and target ROA Performance Goals are not met, no Award will be issued under the Plan. 
 
 The following table illustrates the impact of the Trigger for each Performance Goal. 
 
 Participant Group Trigger Performance Goal Weighting Compensation Earned Performance Goal Performance Goal Level Required ROIC ROA Individual Corporate Function ROIC Threshold Yes Yes Business Unit ROIC Threshold Yes Yes Yes IF THRESHOLD ROIC TRIGGER IS NOT MET Corporate Function ROIC Threshold No No Business Unit ROIC Threshold No Varies Based on Business Unit ROA Results (see below) No Business Unit ROA Target No Yes No 
 
 Individual Performance Goals 
 As noted in the Performance Goal Weighting table above, Individual Performance Goals are weighted as 30 for both Corporate Function and Business Unit Participant groups. The Participant s manager determines the payout for the Individual Performance Goal component based on the Participant s performance rating for the Performance Period and the individual payout guidelines. 
 Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 3 

Pay Basis & Incentive Target Percentage 
 Pay Basis and Target Percentage are factors used in the calculation of any Award under the Plan. 
 
 Pay Basis for any Performance Period is determined based on whether a Participant is salaried (exempt) or hourly (non-exempt) at the end of the Performance Period (August 31), or at the time the Participant exits the Plan. 
 
 Salaried (exempt) Participant Base pay at the end of the Performance Period (August 31), or at the time the Participant exits the plan, prorated by the number of days worked in an eligible status. 
 Hourly (non-exempt) Participant Actual eligible earnings during Plan eligibility, including base pay and overtime, during the Performance Period (September 1 through August 31). 
 
 Target Percentage is based on the employee s pay grade at the end of the Performance Period (August 31), or at the time the Participant exits the plan. Target Percentages are not prorated based on movement between roles pay grades during the Performance Period. 
 
 Award Proration 
 Any Award under the Plan will be prorated based on the following changes during the Performance Period 
 
 Movement between Participant Groups (i.e. Corporate Function, Business Units) on or before June 1 of the Performance Period. 
 Movement into the Plan on or before June 1 of the Performance Period. 
 Eligible status changes that occur during the Performance Period. 
 The following table outlines status changes and how any Award under the Plan will be prorated when a change in status occurs during the Performance Period (reference Eligibility section for more information). 
 
 Status Change Proration Rule Days Included Full-time Leave of Absence Days worked in an eligible status and up to a total of 90 leave days within each Performance Period Intermittent Leave of Absence Days worked in an eligible status and duration of leave Temp Seasonal to Eligible Status Days worked in an eligible status unless status is Temp Seasonal at the end of the Performance Period Union to Eligible Status Days worked in an eligible status, unless status is Union at the end of the Performance Period Layoff Days worked in an eligible status unless status is Layoff at the end of the Performance Period Deceased Days worked in an eligible status Termination due to reduction in workforce (including location closures, position elimination and redundancy) Days worked in an eligible status Retirement (age 55 with 10 years of vesting service or age 65 with no tenure requirements) Days worked in an eligible status Separation and Return to Eligible Status Days worked in an eligible status since rehire date 
 Not all eligible status changes are included in the table above. 

Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 4 

Award Payment 
 Any Award under the Plan, including for Participants who are no longer employed by the company after the end of the Performance Period and or due to an eligible status change during the Performance Period, are determined, approved and issued as soon as administratively feasible following the Performance Period. No Award shall be deemed approved under the Plan until after Performance Period financial results are approved by the CHS Board of Directors. 
 
 A Participant s potential for an Award under the Plan can be modified or terminated without Participant consent for any reason up until the CHS Board of Directors approve the Performance Period financial results. Once approved, any Award cannot be modified or terminated, except as is expressly provided in the Plan. 
 
 In all cases, any Award issued under the Plan shall be paid no later than December 31 following the applicable Performance Period. Any Award under the Plan is paid through the same process as the Participant s paycheck. All payments are subject to appropriate withholdings. 
 
 Administration 
 The CEO, CFO and Chief Human Resource Officer (CHRO) administer the Plan (collectively the Plan Administrators). The Plan Administrators are authorized to jointly make all decisions as required in the administration of the Plan and may, in their sole discretion, define, interpret, construe, administer and apply Plan provisions, and make all eligibility determinations. Further, the Plan Administrators may jointly approve amendments to the Plan, provided however, that any such amendments are not a material modification or material amendment to the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, any material modification or material amendment to the Plan, including with respect to the corporate level performance metrics or performance goals established for any current Performance Period, must be approved by the CHS Board of Directors. The CEO and CFO must approve any modification of the business unit level performance metrics or performance goals. 
 
 General Provisions 
 CHS reserves the right to change or cancel the Plan at any time. This Plan document does not intend to, nor does it operate to, create an employment contract or provide a guarantee of continued employment. There is no vested right to any payment prior to the Award determination, and the CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan does not give rise to any rights not expressly stated in the Plan. 
 
 Non-Recurring Events Non-recurring business events, which have a substantial impact on CHS financial results during the Performance Period, may be excluded (or included as appropriate) from the calculations for determining any Awards. Such events could include but are not limited to, major gains or losses from acquisitions (including planned short-term losses or gains), divestitures, lawsuits, significant business write-offs, casualty losses or sale of assets. Any such exclusion must be approved by the CHS Board of Directors. 
 
 Recovery Any Awards issued under the plan shall be subject to recovery and any penalties pursuant to the Company s Incentive Recovery Policy, Prohibiting Detrimental Conduct Policy and any other applicable company policy or successor policy, law, rule, regulation, or applicable stock exchange rule (including without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any applicable stock exchange listing rule adopted pursuant thereto), as each of the foregoing may be amended from time to time. 
 
 This Plan document applies to eligible U.S. and Canadian Participants. A separate plan document is customized for eligible international employees . 
 
 Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 5 

Approvals 
 Chief Human Resource Officer _______________________________________ 
 
 Chief Financial Officer _______________________________________ 
 
 Chief Executive Officer _______________________________________ 

Last updated July 24, 2024 CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan Document 6 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 ex108chsincdeferredcompens.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Master Plan Document (2024 Restatement) 
 
 First Adopted Effective December 30, 2004 
 As Amended and Restated Effective September 1, 2024 

-i- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE 1 
 Definitions 
 1 ARTICLE 2 
 Eligibility and Enrollment 
 7 2.1 Eligibility 
 2.2 Enrollment and Additional Eligibility Requirements Commencement of Participation 
 2.3 Director Retirement Plan 
 2.4 Termination of a Participant s Eligibility 
 ARTICLE 3 
 Deferral Commitments Company Contribution Amounts Company Restoration Matching Amounts Vesting Crediting Taxes 
 9 3.1 Minimum Deferrals 
 3.2 Maximum Deferral 
 3.3 Election to Defer Effect of Election Form 
 3.4 Withholding and Crediting of Annual Deferral Amounts 
 3.5 Company Contribution Amount 
 3.6 Company Restoration Matching Amount 
 3.7 Director Retirement Plan Amount 
 3.8 Crediting of Amounts after Benefit Distribution 
 3.9 Vesting 
 3.10 Crediting Debiting of Account Balances 
 3.11 FICA and Other Taxes 
 ARTICLE 4 
 Scheduled Distribution Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 
 16 4.1 Scheduled Distribution 
 4.2 Changing Scheduled Distributions 
 4.3 Certain Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions 
 4.4 Withdrawal Payout Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 
 ARTICLE 5 
 Change In Control Benefit 
 18 5.1 Change in Control Benefit 
 5.2 Payment of Change in Control Benefit 
 ARTICLE 6 
 Retirement Benefit 
 19 6.1 Retirement Benefit 
 6.2 Payment of Retirement Benefit 
 ARTICLE 7 
 Termination Benefit 
 19 7.1 Termination Benefit 
 7.2 Payment of Termination Benefit 
 ARTICLE 8 
 Disability Benefit 
 20 8.1 Disability Benefit 

-i- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 8.2 Payment of Disability Benefit 
 ARTICLE 9 
 Death Benefit 
 20 9.1 Death Benefit 
 9.2 Payment of Death Benefit 
 ARTICLE 10 
 Director Retirement Plan Benefit 
 21 10.1 Director Retirement Plan Benefit 
 10.2 Payment of Director Retirement Plan Benefit 
 10.3 Benefit Distribution Date 
 10.4 Effect of Change in Control 
 ARTICLE 11 
 Beneficiary Designation 
 22 11.1 Beneficiary 
 11.2 Beneficiary Designation Change Spousal Consent 
 11.3 Acknowledgement 
 11.4 No Beneficiary Designation 
 11.5 Doubt as to Beneficiary 
 11.6 Discharge of Obligations 
 ARTICLE 12 
 Leave of Absence 
 23 12.1 Paid Leave of Absence 
 12.2 Unpaid Leave of Absence 
 ARTICLE 13 
 Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 
 23 13.1 Termination of Plan 
 13.2 Amendment 
 13.3 Plan Agreement 
 13.4 Effect of Payment 
 ARTICLE 14 
 Administration 
 24 14.1 Committee Duties 
 14.2 Administration Upon Change In Control 
 14.3 Agents 
 14.4 Binding Effect of Decisions 
 14.5 Indemnity of Committee 
 14.6 Employer Information 
 ARTICLE 15 
 Other Benefits and Agreements 
 26 15.1 Coordination with Other Benefits 
 15.2 Clawback or Recoupment 
 ARTICLE 16 
 Claims Procedures 
 26 16.1 Presentation of Claim 
 16.2 Notification of Decision 
 16.3 Review of a Denied Claim 
 16.4 Decision on Review 

-ii- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 16.5 Legal Action 
 16.6 Determinations 
 ARTICLE 17 
 Trust 
 28 17.1 Establishment of the Trust 
 17.2 Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust 
 17.3 Distributions From the Trust 
 ARTICLE 18 
 Miscellaneous 
 28 18.1 Status of Plan 
 18.2 Unsecured General Creditor 
 18.3 Employer s Liability 
 18.4 Nonassignability 
 18.5 Not a Contract of Employment 
 18.6 Furnishing Information 
 18.7 Terms 
 18.8 Captions 
 18.9 Governing Law 
 18.10 Notice 
 18.11 Successors 
 18.12 Spouse s Interest 
 18.13 Validity 
 18.14 Incompetent 
 18.15 Insurance 
 APPENDIX A Share Option Plan Accounts 
 A-1 APPENDIX B Supplemental Savings Plan Accounts 
 B-1 APPENDIX C Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Savings Accounts 
 C-1 APPENDIX D Agriliance LLC Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 D-1 APPENDIX E Cofina Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 E-1 APPENDIX F CMS McPherson Refinery Inc. (formerly National Cooperative Refinery Association) Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 F-1 

-iii- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 Adopted Effective December 30, 2004 
 
 Purpose 
 The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to Directors and a select group of management or highly compensated Employees who contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future business success of CHS Inc., a Minnesota corporation, and its subsidiaries, if any, that sponsor this Plan. This Plan shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. 
 ARTICLE 1 Definitions 
 For the purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context, the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings 
 1.1 Account Balance shall mean, with respect to a Participant, an entry on the records of the Employer equal to the sum of (i) the Deferral Account balance, (ii) the Company Contribution Account balance, (iii) the Company Restoration Matching Account balance, and (iv) the SOP Account balance, if any, transferred to this Plan in accordance with Appendix A. For purposes of this Section 3.10 and Article 13 only, the term Account Balance also includes the Director Retirement Plan Account balance of any Company Director. The Account Balance shall be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan. 
 1.2 Annual Deferral Amount shall mean that portion of a Participant s Base Salary, Bonus and Director Compensation that a Participant defers in accordance with Article 3 for any one Plan Year, without regard to whether such amounts are withheld and credited during such Plan Year. In the event of a Participant s Retirement, Disability, death or Separation from Service prior to the end of a Plan Year, such year s Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount withheld prior to such event. 
 1.3 Annual Director Retirement Plan Amount shall mean the amount credited to the Director Retirement Plan Account of a non-employee Company Director for any one fiscal year in accordance with Section 3.7. 
 1.4 Annual Installment Method shall be an annual installment payment over the number of years selected by the Participant in accordance with this Plan, calculated as follows (i) for the first annual installment, the Participant s vested Account Balance shall be calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and (ii) for remaining annual installments, the Participant s 

-1- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 vested Account Balance shall be calculated on every anniversary of such calculation date, as applicable. Each annual installment shall be calculated by multiplying this balance by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the remaining number of annual payments due the Participant. By way of example, if the Participant elects a ten (10) year Annual Installment Method for the Retirement Benefit, the first payment shall be 1 10 of the vested Account Balance, calculated as described in this definition. The following year, the payment shall be 1 9 of the vested Account Balance, calculated as described in this definition. 
 1.5 Base Salary shall mean the annual cash compensation relating to services performed during any calendar year, excluding distributions from nonqualified deferred compensation plans, bonuses, commissions, overtime, fringe benefits, profit sharing contributions, stock options, relocation expenses, incentive payments, non-monetary awards, director fees and other fees, and automobile and other allowances paid to a Participant for employment services rendered (whether or not such allowances are included in the Employee s gross income). Base Salary shall be calculated before reduction for compensation voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Participant pursuant to all qualified or nonqualified plans of any Employer and shall be calculated to include amounts not otherwise included in the Participant s gross income under Code Sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to plans established by any Employer provided, however, that all such amounts will be included in compensation only to the extent that had there been no such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Employee. In no event shall Base Salary include any amounts payable to the Participant prior to the commencement of his or her participation in this Plan. 
 1.6 Beneficiary shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or other entities, designated in accordance with Article 10, that are entitled to receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a Participant. 
 1.7 Beneficiary Designation Form shall mean the form established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries. 
 1.8 Benefit Distribution Date shall mean the date that triggers distribution of a Participant s vested Account Balance. A Participant s Benefit Distribution Date shall be determined upon the occurrence of any one of the following 
 (a) If the Participant Retires, his or her Benefit Distribution Date shall be the last day of the six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant Retires provided, however , in the event the Participant changes his or her Retirement Benefit election in accordance with Section 6.2(a), his or her Benefit Distribution Date shall be postponed in accordance with such Section 6.2(a) or 
 (b) If the Participant experiences a Separation from Service, his or her Benefit Distribution Date shall be the last day of the six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant experiences a Separation from Service or 

-2- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (c) The date on which the Committee is provided with proof that is satisfactory to the Committee of the Participant s death, if the Participant dies prior to the complete distribution of his or her vested Account Balance or 
 (d) The date on which the Committee determines the Participant is Disabled or 
 (e) The date on which the Affected Corporation (as defined in Section 1.11) experiences a Change in Control, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, if (i) the Participant has elected to receive a Change in Control Benefit, as set forth in Section 1.12 below, and (ii) if a Change in Control occurs prior to the Participant s Separation from Service, Retirement, death or Disability. 
 1.9 Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company. 
 1.10 Bonus shall mean any compensation, in addition to Base Salary, earned by a Participant for services rendered during a Plan Year as further specified on an Election Form approved by the Committee in its sole discretion, under any Employer s annual bonus and cash incentive plans (and long term incentive plans). 
 1.11 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of a change in the ownership, change in effective control, and or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets, as defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5), of the Affected Corporation. For this purpose, the Affected Corporation is the Participant s Employer, or any corporation (including the Company) in a chain of corporations in which each corporation is a majority shareholder of another corporation in the chain, ending with the Participant s Employer. A majority shareholder is a shareholder owning more than 50 percent of the total fair market value and total voting power of such corporation. 
 1.12 Change in Control Benefit shall have the meaning set forth in Article 5. 
 1.13 Charter shall mean the CHS Inc. Retirement Plan Committee Charter. 
 1.14 Claimant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.1. 
 1.15 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 1.16 Committee shall mean the CHS Inc. Retirement Plan Committee. 
 1.17 Company shall mean CHS Inc., a Minnesota corporation, and any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s assets or business. 
 1.18 Company Contribution Account shall mean (i) the sum of the Participant s Company Contribution Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to the Participant s Company Contribution Account in accordance with this Plan, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Participant s Company Contribution Account. 
 1.19 Company Contribution Amount shall mean, for any one Plan Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.5. 

-3- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 1.20 Company Restoration Matching Account shall mean (i) the sum of all of a Participant s Company Restoration Matching Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to the Participant s Company Restoration Matching Account in accordance with this Plan, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Participant s Company Restoration Matching Account. 
 1.21 Company Restoration Matching Amount shall mean, for any one Plan Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.6. 
 1.22 Death Benefit shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 9. 
 1.23 Deferral Account shall mean (i) the sum of all of a Participant s Annual Deferral Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to the Participant s Deferral Account in accordance with this Plan, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to his or her Deferral Account. 
 1.24 Director shall mean any member of the board of directors of any Employer. 
 1.25 Director Compensation shall mean the annual compensation earned by a Director from any Employer for serving on the board of directors, including retainer fees, meetings fees and any performance-based compensation. 
 1.26 Director Retirement Plan shall mean the deferred compensation plan covering non-employee Directors of the Company, to which Annual Director Retirement Plan Amounts are credited for performance periods beginning prior to September 1, 2024, as described in Section 3.7. The Director Retirement Plan Accounts shall be paid in the manner described in Article 10. For avoidance of doubt, a Director s voluntary deferrals of Director Compensation are not part of the Director Retirement Plan. 
 1.27 Director Retirement Plan Account shall mean (i) the sum of a Participant s Annual Director Retirement Plan Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to the Participant s Director Retirement Plan Account in accordance with this Plan, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to his or her Director Retirement Plan Account. 
 1.28 Director Retirement Plan Benefit shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 10. 
 1.29 Disability or Disabled shall mean that a Participant is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident or health plan covering employees of the Participant s Employer. 
 1.30 Disability Benefit shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 8. 

-4- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 1.31 Election Form shall mean the form, which may be in electronic format, established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the Committee to make an election under the Plan. 
 1.32 Employee shall mean a person who is an employee of any Employer. 
 1.33 Employer(s) shall mean the Company and or any of its subsidiaries (now in existence or hereafter formed or acquired) that have been selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan and have adopted the Plan as a sponsor. 
 1.34 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 1.35 401(k) Plan shall mean, with respect to an Employer, a plan qualified under Code Section 401(a) that contains a cash or deferral arrangement described in Code Section 401(k), adopted by the Employer, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor thereto. 
 1.36 Participant shall mean any Director or any Employee with a grade of Vice President VP ), Senior Vice President SVP ), Executive Vice President EVP or Chief Executive Officer CEO ), as well as any employee selected for participation by the Chief Executive Officer, who submits an executed Election Form and Beneficiary Designation Form, which are accepted by the Committee. Each non-employee Director of the Company shall become a Participant for purposes of the Director Retirement Plan component of this Plan upon becoming a member of the Company s Board prior to August 31, 2026. 
 1.37 Plan shall mean the CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, which shall be evidenced by this instrument, as may be amended from time to time. 
 1.38 Plan Year shall mean a period beginning on January 1 of each calendar year and continuing through December 31 of such calendar year. The first Plan Year for which the Plan shall be in effect shall commence on January 1, 2005. 
 1.39 Retirement , Retire(s) or Retired shall mean, with respect to an Employee, Separation from Service from all Employers for any reason other than a leave of absence, death or Disability on or after the earlier of the attainment of (a) age sixty-five (65) or (b) age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) Years of Service and shall mean with respect to a Director who is not an Employee, Separation from Service as a Director with all Employers on or after the attainment of age sixty (60). 
 1.40 Retirement Benefit shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 6. 
 1.41 Scheduled Distribution shall mean the distribution set forth in Section 4.1. 
 1.42 Terminate the Plan , Termination of the Plan shall mean a determination by an Employer s board of directors that (i) all of its Participants shall no longer be eligible to participate in the Plan, (ii) all deferral elections for such Participants shall terminate, and (iii) such Participants shall no longer be eligible to receive company contributions under this Plan. 

-5- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 1.43 Termination Benefit shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 7. 
 1.44 Separation from Service shall mean the separation from service (within the meaning of Treas. Regs. 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company Controlled Group, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than Retirement, Disability or death. Whether a separation from service has occurred is determined under Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h) i.e ., whether the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employer and the employee reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the employee would perform after such date (whether as an employee or independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period of services to the employer if the employee has been providing services to the employer less than thirty-six (36) months)). Separation from service shall not be deemed to occur while the employee is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if the period does not exceed six (6) months or, if longer, so long as the employee retains a right to reemployment with any member of the Company Controlled Group under an applicable statute or by contract. For this purpose, a leave is bona fide only if, and so long as, there is a reasonable expectation that the employee will return to perform services for any member of the Company Controlled Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a twenty-nine (29)-month period of absence will be substituted for such six (6) month period if the leave is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of no less than six (6) months and that causes the employee to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment. For this purpose, the Company Controlled Group is the Participant s Employer and all persons with whom the Employer would be considered a single employer under Code sections 414(b) and 414(c) provided that, in applying Code sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under Code section 414(b), the language at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears therein, and in applying Treas. Regs. 1.414(c)-2 for purposes of determining trades or businesses that are under common control for purposes of Code section 414(c), at least 50 percent shall be used instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears therein. For purposes of this Plan, a Separation from Service shall mean a complete severance of a Director s relationship as a director of the Employer and all affiliates within the Company Controlled Group, if any, and as an independent contractor of the Employer and all affiliates within the Company Controlled Group, if any, for any reason (including death). A Director may have a Separation from Service upon resignation as a director even if the Director then becomes an officer or employee. 
 1.45 Trust shall mean one or more trusts established by the Company in accordance with Article 16. 
 1.46 Unforeseeable Financial Emergency shall mean an unanticipated emergency that is caused by an event beyond the control of the Participant that would result in severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (i) a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant, the 

-6- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 Participant s spouse, or a dependent of the Participant, (ii) a loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or (iii) such other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 1.47 Years of Service shall mean an Employee s period of service with CHS Inc., a participating Employer or a related employer measured in full years. A Participant shall receive credit for one full year of Service for each Plan Year in which the Participant had at least 1,000 hours of service for CHS Inc., a participating Employer or related employer. For purposes of this section, a related employer means the member services department of Land O Lakes, Inc. and any trade or business that is part of a parent-subsidiary controlled group with CHS Inc. as determined under Code Sections 1563(a)(1) and 414(c), except that at least 25 percent voting control and ownership shall be used instead of at least 80 percent for purposes of establishing a controlled group. 
 ARTICLE 2 Eligibility and Enrollment 
 2.1 Eligibility . Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Directors and a select group of management or highly compensated Employees. Employees with a grade of VP, SVP, EVP, or CEO are eligible to participate in this Plan, as is any employee selected for participation by the Chief Executive Officer, so long as such employee is still part of a select group of highly compensated or management employees Eligible Employee ). 
 2.2 Enrollment and Additional Eligibility Requirements Commencement of Participation . 
 (a) As a condition to participation, each Director or Eligible Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan effective as of the first day of a Plan Year shall complete, execute and return to the Committee an Election Form and a Beneficiary Designation Form, prior to the first day of such Plan Year, or such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion. In addition, the Committee shall establish from time to time such other enrollment requirements as it determines, in its sole discretion, are necessary. 
 (b) A Director or Eligible Employee who first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan (and all other deferred compensation plans required to be aggregated with the Plan under Code Section 409A) after the first day of a Plan Year must complete these requirements within thirty (30) days after he or she first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, or within such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee, in its sole discretion, in order to participate for that Plan Year. In such event, such person s participation in this Plan shall not commence earlier than the date determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 2.2(c) and such person shall not be permitted to defer under this Plan any portion of his or her Base Salary, Bonus and or Director Compensation that are paid with respect to services performed prior to his or her 

-7- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 participation commencement date, except as permitted by Section 3.3(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, prohibit a deferral or specify an automatic time and form of payment if it determines that, based on the timing of a Participant s entry into the Plan during a given deferral period, a voluntary deferral election of that Bonus would be administratively burdensome or impractical. 
 (c) Each Director or Eligible Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan shall commence participation in the Plan on the date that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Director or Employee has met all enrollment requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee, including returning all required documents to the Committee within the specified time period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall process such Participant s deferral election as soon as administratively practicable after such deferral election is submitted to and accepted by the Committee. 
 (d) If a Director or an Employee fails to meet all requirements contained in this Section 2.2 within the period required, that Director or Employee shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Plan Year. 
 2.3 Director Retirement Plan . Notwithstanding the foregoing, each non-employee Director of the Company shall, upon becoming a member of the Company s Board prior to August 31, 2026, automatically become a Participant for purposes of the Director Retirement Plan component of this Plan. Each Director of the Company shall complete and return to the Committee a Beneficiary Designation Form, an Election Form with respect to the Measurement Funds available under Section 3.10 and an Election Form with respect the form of payment of Director Retirement Plan Accounts under Section 10.2. 
 2.4 Termination of a Participant s Eligibility . The Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to (i) terminate any deferral election the Participant has made for the remainder of the Plan Year in which the Committee makes such determination, (ii) prevent the Participant from making future deferral elections, and or (iii) take further action that the Committee deems appropriate to the extent permitted under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Termination of the Plan in accordance with Section 1.42, the termination of the affected Participants eligibility for participation in the Plan shall not be governed by this Section 2.4, but rather shall be governed by Section 1.42 and Section 13.1. In the event that a Participant is no longer eligible to defer compensation under this Plan, the Participant s Account Balance shall continue to be governed by the terms of this Plan until such time as the Participant s Account Balance is paid in accordance with the terms of this Plan. 

-8- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 ARTICLE 3 Deferral Commitments Company Contribution Amounts 
 Company Restoration Matching Amounts Vesting Crediting Taxes 
 3.1 Minimum Deferrals . 
 (a) Annual Deferral Amount . For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Bonus and or Director Compensation in the following minimum amounts for each deferral elected 
 Deferral Minimum Amount Base Salary and or Bonus 2,000 aggregate 
 Director Compensation 0 
 
 If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, prior to the beginning of a Plan Year that a Participant has made an election for less than the stated minimum amounts, or if no election is made, the amount deferred shall be zero. If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, at any time after the beginning of a Plan Year that a Participant has deferred less than the stated minimum amounts for that Plan Year, any amount credited to the Participant s Account Balance as the Annual Deferral Amount for that Plan Year shall be distributed to the Participant within sixty (60) days after the last day of the Plan Year in which the Committee determination was made. 
 (b) Short Plan Year . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant first becomes a Participant after the first day of a Plan Year the minimum Annual Deferral Amount shall be an amount equal to the minimum set forth above, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months remaining in the Plan Year and the denominator of which is 12. 
 3.2 Maximum Deferral . 
 (a) Annual Deferral Amount . For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Bonus and or Director Compensation up to the following maximum percentages for each deferral elected 
 Deferral 
 Maximum Percentage Base Salary 75 Bonus 100 Director Compensation 100 

-9- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

(b) Short Plan Year . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant first becomes a Participant after the first day of a Plan Year, the maximum Annual Deferral Amount shall be limited to the amount of compensation not yet earned by the Participant as of the date the Participant submits an Election Form to the Committee for acceptance. 
 3.3 Election to Defer Effect of Election Form . 
 (a) First Plan Year . In connection with a Participant s commencement of participation in the Plan, the Participant shall make an irrevocable deferral election for the Plan Year in which the Participant commences participation in the Plan, along with such other elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under the Plan. For these elections to be valid, the Election Form must be completed and signed by the Participant, timely delivered to the Committee (in accordance with Section 2.2 above) and accepted by the Committee. 
 (b) Subsequent Plan Years . For each succeeding Plan Year, an irrevocable deferral election for that Plan Year, and such other elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under the Plan, shall be made by timely delivering a new Election Form to the Committee, in accordance with its rules and procedures, before the end of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year for which the election is made. If no such Election Form is timely delivered for a Plan Year, the Annual Deferral Amount shall be zero for that Plan Year. 
 (c) Performance-Based Compensation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that an irrevocable deferral election pertaining to Director Compensation or Bonuses that qualify as performance-based compensation may be made by timely delivering a new Election Form to the Committee, in accordance with its rules and procedures, no later than six (6) months before the end of the performance service period, provided such compensation is not yet readily ascertainable. Performance based compensation shall be compensation based on services performed over a period of at least twelve (12) months, in accordance with Code Section 409A and related guidance. 
 (d) Mandatory Credits . Notwithstanding the foregoing rules regarding voluntary deferrals, Bonuses shall be automatically credited to this Plan to the extent required by the Committee or the governing bonus or long term incentive plan under which the Bonus was awarded. With respect to any amounts that are automatically credited to this Plan, the Committee may specify an automatic time and form of payment in lieu of permitting a voluntary election as to time and form of payment. 
 (e) Rehired Participants . An Employee who previously participated in the Plan, ceased to be eligible to defer amounts under the Plan and was paid all deferred amounts under the Plan before again becoming eligible to participate shall be treated as a newly eligible Employee under (a) above. An Employee who previously participated in the Plan, ceased to be eligible to defer amounts under the Plan for twenty four (24) months or longer 

-10- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 before again becoming eligible to participate shall be treated as a newly eligible Employee under (a) above, regardless of whether all amounts deferred under the Plan have been paid to the Employee. A rehired Employee who is treated as a newly eligible Employee shall complete such forms as required under Section 2.2 with respect to future deferrals made after re enrollment. With respect to any unpaid amounts deferred prior to re enrollment, the Employee s prior elections shall continue to apply, and any payments scheduled to be made following the Employee s Separation from Service that occurred before re hire shall be made as scheduled. 
 3.4 Withholding and Crediting of Annual Deferral Amounts . For each Plan Year, the Base Salary portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld from each regularly scheduled Base Salary payroll in equal amounts, as adjusted from time to time for increases and decreases in Base Salary. The Bonus and or Director Compensation portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld at the time the Bonus or Director Compensation is or otherwise would be paid to the Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan Year itself. Annual Deferral Amounts shall be credited to a Participant s Deferral Account as soon as reasonably practicable following the time such amounts would otherwise have been paid to the Participant. 
 3.5 Company Contribution Amount . 
 (a) For each Plan Year, an Employer may be required to credit amounts to a Participant s Company Contribution Account in accordance with employment or other agreements entered into between the Participant and the Employer. Such amounts shall be credited on the date or dates prescribed by such agreements. 
 (b) For each Plan Year, an Employer, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, credit any amount it desires to any Participant s Company Contribution Account under this Plan, which amount shall be for that Participant the Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year and shall include any amounts credited in accordance with Section 3.5(a) above. The amount so credited to a Participant may be smaller or larger than the amount credited to any other Participant, and the amount credited to any Participant for a Plan Year may be zero, even though one or more other Participants receive a Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The Company Contribution Amount described in this Section 3.5(b), if any, shall be credited on a date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, Company Contribution Amounts may, as applicable, be distributed at the time or times determined under the relevant terms of the Company s plan, agreement or other arrangement under which such amounts were contributed to this Plan. 
 3.6 Company Restoration Matching Amount . A Participant s Company Restoration Matching Amount for any Plan Year shall be an amount determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, to make up for certain limits applicable to the 401(k) Plan or other qualified plan for such Plan Year, as identified by the Committee, or for such other purposes as determined by the 

-11- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 Committee in its sole discretion. The amount so credited to a Participant under this Plan for any Plan Year (i) may be smaller or larger than the amount credited to any other Participant, and (ii) may differ from the amount credited to such Participant in the preceding Plan Year. The Participant s Company Restoration Matching Amount, if any, shall be credited on a date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 3.7 Director Retirement Plan Amount . Effective for performance periods beginning on or after September 1, 2024, no Annual Director Retirement Plan Amounts will be credited to the Director Retirement Plan. 
 The remainder of this Section 3.7 is applicable only to performance periods beginning on or after September 1, 2019, and prior to September 1, 2024. For each such performance period, the Company shall credit an amount to each Company Director Participant s Director Retirement Plan Account based on Company performance metrics as determined by the Company s Board, in its sole discretion. 
 Contribution amounts vary based on performance level according to the following table 
 Amount 
 Performance Definition 100,000 Superior Performance 50,000 Maximum 25,000 Target 
 
 The guaranteed minimum contribution will be the amount set for target performance level, unless otherwise determined by the Company s Board in its sole discretion. Awards will be prorated for performance between performance levels. For Directors who leave the Board during a fiscal year, a Director s credit for that partial fiscal year will be the target amount prorated through the end of the month in which the Director departs. Directors who join the Company s Board during a fiscal year will receive a credit for that partial fiscal year based on actual performance metrics achieved for the fiscal year in which the Director joins the Board, prorated from the first of the month next following the month in which the Director joins the Board to the end of the fiscal year. 
 A Participant s Annual Director Retirement Plan Amount, if any, shall be credited on a date or dates to be determined by the Company s Board, in its sole discretion. 
 3.8 Crediting of Amounts after Benefit Distribution . Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, should the complete distribution of a Participant s vested Account Balance occur prior to the date on which any portion of (i) the Annual Deferral Amount that a Participant has elected to defer in accordance with Section 3.3, (ii) the Company Contribution Amount, or (iii) the Company Restoration Matching Amount, would otherwise be credited to the Participant s Account Balance, such amounts shall be credited to the Participant s Account 

-12- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 Balance in accordance with the deferral election and shall be paid to the Participant in accordance with the terms of the Plan (and the Participant s payment election, as applicable). 
 3.9 Vesting . 
 (a) A Participant shall at all times be 100 vested in his or her Deferral Account. A Company Director Participant shall at all times be 100 vested in his or her Director Retirement Plan Account. 
 (b) A Participant shall be vested in his or her Company Contribution Account in accordance with the vesting schedule(s) set forth in his or her employment agreement, any other agreement entered into between the Participant and his or her Employer, or as declared by the Committee in its sole discretion. If not addressed in such agreements or declared by the Committee, a Participant shall vest in each Company Contribution Amount, plus amounts credited and debited on such amount, on the anniversary of the date on which such Company Contribution Amount was credited to the Company Contribution Account, in accordance with the following schedule provided, however , that the Participant must be in the service of an Employer as an Employee on such anniversary to receive vesting credit 
 Time Elapsed Following Crediting of Company Contribution Amount Vested Percentage Less than 1 year 0 1 year or more, but less than 2 years 33 2 years or more, but less than 3 years 66 3 years or more 100 
 A new vesting schedule shall apply to each Company Contribution Amount credited to the Participant s Company Contribution Account. 
 (c) A Participant shall be vested in his or her Company Restoration Matching Account only to the extent that the Participant would be vested in such amounts under the provisions of the 401(k) Plan, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.9, in the event that, while a Participant is employed by an Employer or in the service of the Company as a Director, a Change in Control occurs (whether or not Article 5 has been implemented) or the Participant Retires, dies or becomes Disabled, the Participant s Company Contribution Account and Company Restoration Matching Account shall immediately 

-13- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 become 100 vested (if it is not already vested in accordance with the above vesting schedules). 
 (e) Notwithstanding subsection 3.9(d) above, the vesting schedule for a Participant s Company Contribution Account and Company Restoration Matching Account shall not be accelerated upon a Change in Control to the extent that the Committee determines that such acceleration would cause the deduction limitations of Section 280G of the Code to become effective. In the event that all of a Participant s Company Contribution Account and or Company Restoration Matching Account is not vested pursuant to such a determination, the Participant may request independent verification of the Committee s calculations with respect to the application of Section 280G. In such case, the Committee must provide to the Participant within ninety (90) days of such a request an opinion from a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Participant (the Accounting Firm ). The opinion shall state the Accounting Firm s opinion that any limitation in the vested percentage hereunder is necessary to avoid the limits of Section 280G and contain supporting calculations. The cost of such opinion shall be paid for by the Company. 
 (f) Section 3.9(e) shall not prevent the acceleration of the vesting schedule applicable to a Participant s Company Contribution Account and or Company Restoration Matching Account if such Participant is entitled to a gross-up payment, to eliminate the effect of the Code section 4999 excise tax, pursuant to his or her employment agreement or other agreement entered into between such Participant and the Employer. 
 3.10 Crediting Debiting of Account Balances . In accordance with, and subject to, the rules and procedures that are established from time to time by the Committee, in its sole discretion, amounts shall be credited or debited to a Participant s Account Balance in accordance with the following rules. For purposes of this Section 3.10, the term Account Balance includes the Director Retirement Plan Account balance of any Company Director. 
 (a) Measurement Funds . The Participant may elect one or more of the measurement funds selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion, which are based on investment options including, but not limited to, fixed interest credits, notional mutual fund(s) or an investment index (the Measurement Funds ), for the purpose of crediting or debiting additional amounts to his or her Account Balance. As necessary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, discontinue, substitute or add a Measurement Fund and such changes will take effect as soon as practicable. 
 (b) Election of Measurement Funds . A Participant, in connection with his or her initial deferral election in accordance with Section 3.3(a) above (or as a result of a Company Director s automatic participation in accordance with Section 3.7 above), shall elect, on the Election Form, one or more Measurement Fund(s) (as described in Section 3.10(a) above) to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to his or her Account Balance. If a Participant does not elect any of the Measurement Funds as described in the previous sentence, the Participant s Account Balance shall automatically 

-14- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 be allocated into such default Measurement Fund as determined by the Committee from time to time, in its sole discretion. The Participant may (but is not required to) elect, by submitting an Election Form to the Committee that is accepted by the Committee, to add or delete one or more Measurement Fund(s) to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to his or her Account Balance, or to change the portion of his or her Account Balance allocated to each previously or newly elected Measurement Fund. If an election is made in accordance with the previous sentence, it shall apply as of the first business day deemed reasonably practicable by the Committee, in its sole discretion, and shall continue thereafter for each subsequent day in which the Participant participates in the Plan, unless changed in accordance with the previous sentence. 
 (c) Proportionate Allocation . In making any election described in Section 3.10(a) above, the Participant shall specify on the Election Form, in increments of one percent (1 ), the percentage of his or her Account Balance or Measurement Fund, as applicable, to be allocated reallocated. 
 (d) Crediting or Debiting Method . The performance of each Measurement Fund (either positive or negative) will be determined on a daily basis based on the manner in which such Participant s Account Balance has been hypothetically allocated among the Measurement Funds by the Participant. 
 (e) No Actual Investment . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Measurement Funds are to be used for measurement purposes only, and a Participant s election of any such Measurement Fund, the allocation of his or her Account Balance thereto, the calculation of additional amounts and the crediting or debiting of such amounts to a Participant s Account Balance shall not be considered or construed in any manner as an actual investment of his or her Account Balance in any such Measurement Fund. In the event that the Company or the Trustee (as that term is defined in the Trust), in its own discretion, decides to invest funds in any or all of the investments on which the Measurement Funds are based, no Participant shall have any rights in or to such investments themselves. Without limiting the foregoing, a Participant s Account Balance shall at all times be a bookkeeping entry only and shall not represent any investment made on his or her behalf by the Company or the Trust the Participant shall at all times remain an unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 3.11 FICA and Other Taxes . 
 (a) Annual Deferral Amounts . For each Plan Year in which an Annual Deferral Amount is being withheld from a Participant, the Participant s Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant s Base Salary and or Bonus that is not being deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the Participant s share of FICA and other employment taxes on such Annual Deferral Amount. If necessary, the Committee may reduce the Annual Deferral Amount in order to comply with this Section 3.11. 

-15- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (b) Company Restoration Matching Account and Company Contribution Account . When a Participant becomes vested in a portion of his or her Company Restoration Matching Account and or Company Contribution Account, the Participant s Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant s Base Salary and or Bonus that is not deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the Participant s share of FICA and other employment taxes on such Company Restoration Matching Amount and or Company Contribution Amount. If necessary, the Committee may reduce the vested portion of the Participant s Company Restoration Matching Account or Company Contribution Account, as applicable, in order to comply with this Section 3.11. 
 (c) Distributions . The Participant s Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, shall withhold from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer(s) and the trustee of the Trust. 
 ARTICLE 4 Scheduled Distribution Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies 
 4.1 Scheduled Distribution . In connection with each election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount, a Participant may irrevocably elect to receive a Scheduled Distribution with respect to all or a portion of the Annual Deferral Amount, in the form of a lump sum payment or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of up to ten (10) years. The Annual Deferral Amount (or portion thereof) subject to the election shall be credited or debited for earnings, gains or losses in the manner provided in Section 3.10 above. Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Plan, each Scheduled Distribution elected shall be paid out (or commenced in the case of installments) during a sixty (60) day period commencing immediately after the first day of any Plan Year designated by the Participant (the Scheduled Distribution Date ). The Plan Year designated by the Participant must be at least two (2) Plan Years after the end of the Plan Year to which the Participant s deferral election described in Section 3.3 relates. By way of example, if a Scheduled Distribution is elected for Annual Deferral Amounts that are earned in the Plan Year commencing January 1, 2014, the Scheduled Distribution would become payable during a sixty (60) day period commencing January 1, 2017. 
 4.2 Changing Scheduled Distributions . A Participant may elect to postpone or change the form of a Scheduled Distribution election described in Section 4.1 above. In order to make this election, the Participant must submit a new Scheduled Distribution Election Form to the Committee in accordance with the following criteria 
 (a) Such Scheduled Distribution Election Form must be submitted to and accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion at least twelve (12) months prior to the Participant s previously designated Scheduled Distribution Date 

-16- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (b) The new Scheduled Distribution Date selected by the Participant must be the first day of a Plan Year, and must be at least five years after the previously designated Scheduled Distribution Date (even if the Participant is seeking merely to modify the form of payment) 
 (c) The election to modify the Scheduled Distribution shall have no effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made. 
 4.3 Certain Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions . Should a Benefit Distribution Date occur that triggers a benefit under Articles 5, 7, 8, or 9, any Annual Deferral Amount that is subject to a Scheduled Distribution election under Section 4.1 shall not be paid in accordance with Section 4.1, but shall be paid in accordance with the other applicable Article. The occurrence of a Benefit Distribution Date that triggers a Retirement Benefit under Article 6 shall not take precedence over any Annual Deferral Amount that is subject to a Scheduled Distribution election such amount(s) shall be paid in accordance with the applicable Scheduled Distribution election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret this Section 4.1 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to guidance issued after the effective date of this Plan. 
 4.4 Withdrawal Payout Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies . 
 (a) If the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, the Participant may petition the Committee to suspend deferrals of Base Salary, Bonus and Director Compensation to the extent deemed necessary by the Committee to satisfy the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency. If suspension of deferrals is not sufficient to satisfy the Participant s Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, or if suspension of deferrals is not required under Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, the Participant may further petition the Committee to receive a partial or full payout from the Plan. The Participant shall only receive a payout from the Plan to the extent such payout is deemed necessary by the Committee to satisfy the Participant s Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, plus amounts reasonably necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution. 
 (b) The payout shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the date on which the amount becomes payable, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) the amount necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, plus amounts reasonably necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may not receive a payout from the Plan to the extent that the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency is or may be relieved (A) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship or (C) by suspension of deferrals under this Plan, if the 

-17- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that suspension is required by Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law. 
 (c) If the Committee, in its sole discretion, approves a Participant s petition for suspension, the Participant s deferrals under this Plan shall be suspended as of the date of such approval. If the Committee, in its sole discretion, approves a Participant s petition for suspension and payout, the Participant s deferrals under this Plan shall be suspended as of the date of such approval and the Participant shall receive a payout from the Plan within sixty (60) days of the date of such approval. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions relating to suspension and or payout under this Section 4.4 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to guidance issued after the effective date of this Plan. 
 ARTICLE 5 Change in Control Benefit 
 5.1 Change in Control Benefit . The provisions of this Change in Control Benefit Article shall be subject to such conditions and limitations as the Committee may prescribe from time to time for administrative convenience and to comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A. Each Participant, in connection the implementation of this provision (or for any future Participant, in connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan), shall irrevocably elect on an Election Form whether to (i) receive a Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, which shall be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) to have his or her Account Balance remain in the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in Control and to have his or her Account Balance remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Change in Control Benefit, then (i) for Participants who first entered the Plan prior to June 1, 2012, such Participant s Account Balance shall remain in the Plan upon a Change in Control and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and (ii) for Participants who first enter the Plan on or after June 1, 2012, such Participant s Account Balance shall receive a Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 5.2 Payment of Change in Control Benefit . The Change in Control Benefit, if any, shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions in this Plan relating to a Change in Control Benefit in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to guidance issued after the effective date of this Plan. 

-18- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 ARTICLE 6 Retirement Benefit 
 6.1 Retirement Benefit . A Participant who Retires shall receive, as a Retirement Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 6.2 Payment of Retirement Benefit . 
 (a) A Participant, in connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan, shall elect on an Election Form to receive the Retirement Benefit in a lump sum or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of up to ten (10) years. The Participant may postpone or change the form of the Retirement Benefit by submitting an Election Form to the Committee in accordance with the following criteria 
 (i) Such Election Form must be submitted to and accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion at least twelve (12) months prior to the Participant s previously scheduled Benefit Distribution Date described in Section 1.8(a) and 
 (ii) The first Retirement Benefit payment is delayed at least five (5) years from the Participant s previously scheduled Benefit Distribution Date described in Section 1.8(a) and 
 (iii) The election to modify the Retirement Benefit shall have no effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made. 
 The Election Form most recently accepted by the Committee shall govern the payout of the Retirement Benefit. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Retirement Benefit in connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan, then such Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive the Retirement Benefit in a lump sum. 
 (b) The lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall commence, no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. Remaining installments, if any, shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days after each anniversary of the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
 ARTICLE 7 Termination Benefit 
 7.1 Termination Benefit . A Participant who experiences a Separation from Service shall receive, as a Termination Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business 

-19- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 7.2 Payment of Termination Benefit . The Termination Benefit shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum payment no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
 ARTICLE 8 Disability Benefit 
 8.1 Disability Benefit . Upon a Participant s Disability, the Participant shall receive a Disability Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 8.2 Payment of Disability Benefit . 
 (a) A Participant, in connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan, shall elect on an Election Form to receive the Disability Benefit in a lump sum or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of up to ten (10) years. The Participant may change this election by submitting an Election Form to the Committee, provided that any such Election Form is submitted to and accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion at least twelve (12) months prior to the Participant s Disability. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions relating to changing the Disability Benefit election under this Section 8.2 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to guidance issued after the effective date of this Plan. 
 The Election Form most recently accepted by the Committee shall govern the payout of the Disability Benefit. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Disability Benefit, then such benefit shall be payable in a lump sum. 
 (b) The lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall commence, no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. Remaining installments, if any, shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days after each anniversary of the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
 ARTICLE 9 Death Benefit 
 9.1 Death Benefit . The Participant s Beneficiary(ies) shall receive a Death Benefit upon the Participant s death which will be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

-20- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 9.2 Payment of Death Benefit . The Death Benefit shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary(ies) in a lump sum payment no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
 ARTICLE 10 Director Retirement Plan Benefit 
 10.1 Director Retirement Plan Benefit . A Director of the Company who experiences a Separation from Service, death or Disability shall receive, as a Director Retirement Plan Benefit, his or her Director Retirement Plan Account balance, if any, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Director s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 10.2 Payment of Director Retirement Plan Benefit . Within thirty (30) days after a Director first becomes a Participant in the Plan (i.e. a Director joins the Board prior to August 31, 2026), the Director shall complete and return to the Committee an Election form with respect to the form of payment of Director Retirement Plan Accounts. Directors may choose a lump sum or annual installment payments over two (2) to ten (10) years in accordance with the Annual Installment Method. In the absence of a timely submitted Election Form, a Director Retirement Plan Benefit shall be paid in annual installment payments over four (4) years, determined in accordance with the Annual Installment Method. Payment shall be made (or commence, in the case of installments) to the Director no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. Remaining installments shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days after each anniversary of the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
 Directors who first became Participants on or prior to January 1, 2019 may, prior to September 1, 2019, make a special one-time election to choose the form of payment with respect to contributions credited to their Director Retirement Plan Accounts for fiscal years ending on and after August 31, 2022, together with earnings thereon. Directors may choose a lump sum or annual installment payments over two (2) to ten (10) years in accordance with the Annual Installment Method. In the absence of a timely submitted Election Form, a Director Retirement Plan Benefit shall be paid in annual installment payments over four (4) years, determined in accordance with the Annual Installment Method. 
 10.3 Benefit Distribution Date . For purposes of this Article 10, Benefit Distribution Date shall mean the date that triggers distribution of a Director Retirement Plan Account balance. A Director s Benefit Distribution Date shall be determined upon the occurrence of any one of the following (a) if the Participant experiences a Separation from Service, his or her Benefit Distribution Date shall be the last day of the six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant experiences a Separation from Service or (b) the date on which the Committee is provided with proof that is satisfactory to the Committee of the Participant s death or (c) the date on which the Committee determines the Participant is Disabled or 

-21- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 10.4 Effect of Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article 10, if the Company experiences a Change in Control either before, on or after the Participant s Separation from Service, death or Disability, the Director shall be entitled to a lump sum payment (no later than sixty (60) days following the date the Company experiences the Change in Control) which shall be equal to the Participant s remaining vested Director Retirement Plan Account balance, calculated as of the date on which the Company experiences a Change in Control. 
 ARTICLE 11 Beneficiary Designation 
 11.1 Beneficiary . Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a beneficiary upon the death of a Participant. The Beneficiary designated under this Plan may be the same as or different from the Beneficiary designation under any other plan of an Employer in which the Participant participates. 
 11.2 Beneficiary Designation Change Spousal Consent . A Participant shall designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee or its designated agent. A Participant shall have the right to change a Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee s rules and procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant names someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Committee, executed by such Participant s spouse and returned to the Committee. Upon the acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to his or her death. 
 11.3 Acknowledgment . No designation or change in designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective until received and acknowledged in writing by the Committee or its designated agent. 
 11.4 No Beneficiary Designation . If a Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary as provided in Sections 12.1, 11.2 and 11.3 above or, if all designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to complete distribution of the Participant s benefits, then the Participant s designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the benefits remaining under the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be payable to the executor or personal representative of the Participant s estate. 
 11.5 Doubt as to Beneficiary . If the Committee has any doubt as to the proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause the Participant s Employer to withhold such payments until this matter is resolved to the Committee s satisfaction. 

-22- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 11.6 Discharge of Obligations . The payment of benefits under the Plan to a Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to the Participant. 
 ARTICLE 12 Leave of Absence 
 12.1 Paid Leave of Absence . If a Participant is authorized by the Participant s Employer to take a paid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer, (i) the Participant shall continue to be considered eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles, and (ii) the Annual Deferral Amount shall continue to be withheld during such paid leave of absence in accordance with Section 3.3. 
 12.2 Unpaid Leave of Absence . If a Participant is authorized by the Participant s Employer to take an unpaid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer for any reason, such Participant shall continue to be eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles. However, the Participant shall be excused from fulfilling his or her Annual Deferral Amount commitment that would otherwise have been withheld during the remainder of the Plan Year in which the unpaid leave of absence is taken. During the unpaid leave of absence, the Participant shall not be allowed to make any additional deferral elections. However, if the Participant returns to employment, the Participant may elect to defer an Annual Deferral Amount for the Plan Year following his or her return to employment and for every Plan Year thereafter while a Participant in the Plan, provided such deferral elections are otherwise allowed and an Election Form is delivered to and accepted by the Committee for each such election in accordance with Section 3.3 above. 
 ARTICLE 13 Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 
 13.1 Termination of Plan . Although each Employer anticipates that it will continue the Plan for an indefinite period of time, there is no guarantee that any Employer will continue the Plan or will not terminate the Plan at any time in the future. Accordingly, the board of directors of any Employer reserves the right to Terminate the Plan (as defined in Section 1.42) as to that Employer, and the Board of Directors of the Company reserves the right to Terminate the Plan in its entirety as to the Company and all Employers. In the event of a Termination of the Plan, the Measurement Funds available to Participants following the Termination of the Plan shall be comparable in number and type to those Measurement Funds available to Participants in the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the Termination of the Plan is effective. Following a Termination of the Plan, Participant Account Balances shall remain in the Plan until the Participant becomes eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles. The Termination of the Plan shall not adversely affect any Participant or Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of any benefits under the Plan 

-23- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 as of the date of termination. Provided, however, to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury Regulations and guidance, including but not limited to such guidance and Regulations as may be issued after the effective date of this Plan, if there is a Termination of the Plan with respect to all Participants, the Company may, in its discretion, amend the Plan to accelerate the time and form of payments. 
 13.2 Amendment . 
 (a) The Board may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part. In addition, the Committee may amend or modify the Plan to the extent permitted under the Charter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no amendment shall be effective to decrease the value of a Participant s vested Account Balance in existence at the time the amendment is made, and (ii) no amendment or modification of this Section 13.2 or Section 14.2 of the Plan shall be effective. In no event shall the Company or any Employer be responsible for any decline in a Participant s Account Balance as a result of the selection, discontinuation, addition, substitution, crediting or debiting of the Measurement Funds pursuant to Section 3.10. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Committee determines that any provision of the Plan may cause amounts deferred under the Plan to become immediately taxable to any Participant under Code Section 409A, and related guidance, the Committee may (i) adopt such amendments to the Plan and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Plan benefits provided by the Plan and or (ii) take such other actions as the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A, and related guidance. 
 13.3 Effect of Payment . The full payment of the Participant s vested Account Balance under Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 of the Plan shall completely discharge all obligations to a Participant and his or her designated Beneficiaries under this Plan, and the Participant s Plan Agreement shall terminate. 
 ARTICLE 14 Administration 
 14.1 Committee Duties . Except as otherwise provided in this Article 14, this Plan shall be administered by the Committee,. The Committee s composition, duties, authority and responsibilities shall be determined in accordance with the Charter, as amended from time to time. Any individual serving on the Committee who is a Participant shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to himself or herself. When making a determination or calculation, the Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a Participant or the Company. 

-24- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 14.2 Administration Upon Change In Control . The provisions of this Section 14.2 shall not apply unless and until Article 5 has been implemented and a Trustee has been appointed. For purposes of this Plan, the Committee shall be the Administrator at all times prior to the occurrence of a Change in Control. Within one hundred and twenty (120) days following a Change in Control, an independent third party Administrator may be selected by the individual who, immediately prior to the Change in Control, was the Company s Chief Executive Officer or, if not so identified, the Company s highest ranking officer (the Ex-CEO ), and approved by the Trustee. The Committee, as constituted prior to the Change in Control, shall continue to be the Administrator until the earlier of (i) the date on which such independent third party is selected and approved, or (ii) the expiration of the one hundred and twenty (120) day period following the Change in Control. If an independent third party is not selected within one hundred and twenty (120) days of such Change in Control, the Committee, as described in Section 14.1 above, shall be the Administrator. The Administrator shall have the discretionary power to determine all questions arising in connection with the administration of the Plan and the interpretation of the Plan and Trust including, but not limited to benefit entitlement determinations provided, however, upon and after the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Administrator shall have no power to direct the investment of Plan or Trust assets or select any investment manager or custodial firm for the Plan or Trust. Upon and after the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Company must (1) pay all reasonable administrative expenses and fees of the Administrator (2) indemnify the Administrator against any costs, expenses and liabilities including, without limitation, attorney s fees and expenses arising in connection with the performance of the Administrator hereunder, except with respect to matters resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrator or its employees or agents and (3) supply full and timely information to the Administrator on all matters relating to the Plan, the Trust, the Participants and their Beneficiaries, the Account Balances of the Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, death or Separation from Service of the Participants, and such other pertinent information as the Administrator may reasonably require. Upon and after a Change in Control, the Administrator may be terminated (and a replacement appointed) by the Trustee only with the approval of the Ex-CEO. Upon and after a Change in Control, the Administrator may not be terminated by the Company. 
 14.3 Binding Effect of Decisions . The decision or action of the Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. 
 14.4 Indemnity of Committee . All Employers shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee, any Employee to whom the duties of the Committee may be delegated, and the Administrator against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of willful misconduct by the Committee, any of its members, any such Employee or the Administrator. 

-25- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 14.5 Employer Information . To enable the Committee and or Administrator to perform its functions, the Company and each Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee and or Administrator, as the case may be, on all matters relating to the compensation of its Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, death or Separation from Service of its Participants, and such other pertinent information as the Committee or Administrator may reasonably require. 
 ARTICLE 15 Other Benefits and Agreements 
 15.1 Coordination with Other Benefits . The benefits provided for a Participant and Participant s Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any other plan or program for employees of the Participant s Employer. The Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided. 
 15.2 Clawback or Recoupment . All benefits under this Plan shall be subject to recovery or other penalties pursuant to (i) any Company clawback policy, as may be adopted or amended from time to time, or (ii) any applicable law, rule or regulation or applicable stock exchange rule, including, without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any applicable stock exchange listing rule adopted pursuant thereto. 
 ARTICLE 16 Claims Procedures 
 16.1 Presentation of Claim . Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below as a Claimant may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such Claimant from the Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. 
 16.2 Notification of Decision . The Committee shall consider a Claimant s claim within a reasonable time, but no later than ninety (90) days after receiving the claim. If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial ninety (90) day period. In no event shall such extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days from the end of the initial period. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render the benefit determination. The Committee shall notify the Claimant in writing 

-26- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (a) that the Claimant s requested determination has been made, and that the claim has been allowed in full or 
 (b) that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole or in part, to the Claimant s requested determination, and such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant 
 (i) the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any part of it 
 (ii) specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon which such denial was based 
 (iii) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary 
 (iv) an explanation of the claim review procedure set forth in Section 16.3 below and 
 (v) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review. 
 16.3 Review of a Denied Claim . On or before sixty (60) days after receiving a notice from the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative) may file with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the claim. The Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative) 
 (a) may, upon request and free of charge, have reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant to the claim for benefits 
 (b) may submit written comments or other documents and or 
 (c) may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole discretion, may grant. 
 16.4 Decision on Review . The Committee shall render its decision on review promptly, and no later than sixty (60) days after the Committee receives the Claimant s written request for a review of the denial of the claim. If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial sixty (60) day period. In no event shall such extension exceed a period of sixty (60) days from the end of the initial period. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render the benefit determination. In rendering its decision, the Committee shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the Claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and it must contain 
 (a) specific reasons for the decision 
 (b) specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision was based 

-27- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (c) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits and 
 (d) a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a). 
 16.5 Legal Action . A Claimant s compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Article 16 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant s right to commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under this Plan. 
 16.6 Determinations . Benefits under the Plan will be paid only if the Committee decides in its discretion that the applicant is entitled to them. The Committee has discretionary authority to grant or deny benefits under the Plan. The Committee shall have the sole discretion, authority and responsibility to interpret and construe this Plan Statement and all relevant documents and information, and to determine all factual and legal questions under the Plan, including but not limited to the entitlement of all persons to benefits and the amounts of their benefits. The Committee shall make such determinations as may be required from time to time in the administration of the Plan. The discretionary authority shall include all matters arising under the Plan. 
 ARTICLE 17 Trust 
 17.1 Establishment of the Trust . In order to provide assets from which to fulfill the obligations of the Participants and their beneficiaries under the Plan, the Company may establish a trust by a trust agreement with a third party, the trustee, to which each Employer may, in its discretion, contribute cash or other property, including securities issued by the Company, to provide for the benefit payments under the Plan, (the Trust ). 
 17.2 Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust . The provisions of the Plan shall govern the rights of a Participant to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights of the Employers, Participants and the creditors of the Employers to the assets transferred to the Trust. Each Employer shall at all times remain liable to carry out its obligations under the Plan. 
 17.3 Distributions From the Trust . Each Employer s obligations under the Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the terms of the Trust, and any such distribution shall reduce the Employer s obligations under this Plan. 
 ARTICLE 18 Miscellaneous 
 18.1 Status of Plan . The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified within the meaning of Code Section 401(a) and that is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly 

-28- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 compensated employees within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1). The Plan shall be administered and interpreted (i) to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent, and (ii) in accordance with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law, including but not limited to Treasury Regulations promulgated pursuant to Code Section 409A. 
 18.2 Unsecured General Creditor . Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. For purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an Employer s assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged unrestricted assets of the Employer. An Employer s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. 
 18.3 Employer s Liability . An Employer s liability for the payment of benefits shall be defined only by the Plan. An Employer shall have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly provided in the Plan. 
 18.4 Nonassignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate or convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure, attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant s or any other person s bankruptcy or insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property settlement or otherwise (including without limitation any domestic relations order, whether or not a qualified domestic relations order under section 414(p) of the Code and section 206(d) of ERISA) before the Account Balance is distributed to the Participant or Beneficiary. 
 18.5 Not a Contract of Employment . The terms and conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an at will employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of any Employer, either as an Employee or a Director, or to interfere with the right of any Employer to discipline or discharge the Participant at any time. 
 18.6 Furnishing Information . A Participant or his or her Beneficiary will cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to taking such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary. 

-29- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 18.7 Terms . Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall be construed as though they were in the feminine in all cases where they would so apply and whenever any words are used herein in the singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases where they would so apply. 
 18.8 Captions . The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions. 
 18.9 Governing Law . Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the internal laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
 18.10 Notice . Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the address below 
 CHS Inc. Attn Senior Director, Benefits - MS 480 5500 Cenex Drive Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota 55077 
 Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. 
 Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of the Participant. 
 18.11 Successors . The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Participant s Employer and its successors and assigns and the Participant and the Participant s designated Beneficiaries. 
 18.12 Spouse s Interest . The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by such spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse s will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate succession. 
 18.13 Validity . In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 
 18.14 Incompetent . If the Committee determines in its discretion that a benefit under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person s property, the Committee may direct payment of such benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The Committee may require proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or 

-30- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 guardianship, as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any payment of a benefit shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the Participant s Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Plan for such payment amount. 
 18.15 Insurance . The Employers, on their own behalf or on behalf of the trustee of the Trust, and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and procure insurance on the life of the Participant, in such amounts and in such forms as the Trust may choose. The Employers or the trustee of the Trust, as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such insurance. The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies, and at the request of the Employers shall submit to medical examinations and supply such information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance company or companies to whom the Employers have applied for insurance. 
 
 Executed this ________ day of _________________ , 2024. 
 
 CHS INC. 

By ____________________________________ 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

-31- 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX A Share Option Plan Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . Since January 1, 1998, the Company has sponsored the CHS Inc. Share Option Plan (the SOP for the purpose of providing stock options to certain key individuals. The options granted under the SOP are in shares of a private investment company established by the Company as well as shares of certain regulated investment companies. The Company has determined to discontinue the grant of additional options under the SOP effective December 9, 2005 and to amend the terms of all outstanding options as of December 31, 2005 to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 1.2 Right to Exercise in 2005 . On or before December 9, 2005, each Participant in the SOP shall have the right to exercise all or any portion of such Participant s vested options. 
 1.3 Conversion of Options . Effective December 10, 2005, options which are not exercised on or prior to December 9, 2005 shall be converted into an account balance (the SOP Account which shall become part of the Participant s Account Balance under the CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ). The initial SOP Account shall consist of two parts (i) the difference of the value of the securities underlying the option less the exercise price (the Option Spread and (ii) the exercise price of the option (the Exercise Price Credit ). The Participant shall not be entitled to payment of the Exercise Price Credit provided, however, that the Participant shall have a right to deemed earnings, if any, which accrue on the portion of the SOP Account representing the Exercise Price Credit. 
 1.4 Vesting . A Participant shall continue to vest in all options converted into an SOP Account (excluding the portion of the SOP Account representing the Exercise Price Credit) in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to such options under the SOP. 
 1.5 Crediting Debiting of SOP Account . Following the conversion, the Participant s Option Spread shall no longer be tied to the value of the securities underlying the option immediately prior to conversion, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. The Participant s Exercise Price Credit shall no longer be tied to the value of the securities underlying the option immediately prior to the conversion, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds selected by the 

A-1 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 Committee. With respect to a Participant who receives an installment or other partial distribution of the SOP Account in accordance with a Scheduled Distribution elected pursuant to Section 1.6 below, the portion of the SOP Account representing the Exercise Price Credit shall be reduced by a pro rata amount. Upon a complete distribution of the SOP Account, the Exercise Price Credit shall be reduced to zero (0). 
 1.6 Scheduled Distributions . A Participant who does not exercise all of such Participant s options pursuant to Section 1.2 of this Appendix A shall, on or before December 31, 2005, irrevocably elect on an Election Form to receive one or more (not to exceed five (5)) Scheduled Distributions with respect to the Participant s SOP Account (minus the Exercise Price Credit). For purposes of this Section 1.6, the following special rules shall apply 
 (a) Subject to the limitations described this paragraph (a), the Participant may elect to receive or commence a Scheduled Distribution as of any fixed date selected by the Participant e.g ., January 1, 2007). No more than one (1) Scheduled Distribution as of a fixed date may be made or commenced in any Plan Year, and the Plan Year designated by the Participant for the first Scheduled Distribution must be at least one (1) Plan Year after the end of the Plan Year ending December 31, 2005. 
 (b) The Participant may elect on an Election Form to receive each Scheduled Distribution in a lump sum or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of up to ten (10) years. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the form of payment, then such Participant s Scheduled Distribution shall be distributed in a single lump sum. 
 (c) A Scheduled Distribution of the SOP Account may be changed in accordance with Section 4.2 of the Plan. If the Participant has elected to receive multiple Scheduled Distributions, each Scheduled Distribution shall be treated as a separate payment, each of which may be changed through a separate election. If the Participant has elected to receive a Scheduled Distribution in installments, the installments shall be treated as a single payment which must be changed through a single election that applies to the entire payment. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, the Participant may petition the Committee for a payout in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Plan. 
 (e) With respect to a Participant who is not actively employed with the Company as of December 9, 2005, if the Participant fails to make a Scheduled Distribution election with respect to any portion of the SOP Account, that portion of the SOP Account shall be paid (minus the Exercise Price Credit) as a Scheduled Distribution during the sixty (60) day period commencing immediately after the Plan Year ending December 31, 2006. With respect to a Participant who is actively employed with the Company as of December 9, 

A-2 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 2005, if the Participant fails to make a Scheduled Distribution election with respect to any portion of the SOP Account, that portion of the SOP Account shall be paid (minus the Exercise Price Credit) upon the occurrence of a Benefit Distribution Date on account of the Participant s Separation from Service, Retirement or Disability, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 1.7 Elections for Retirement or Disability Benefit . With respect to each Participant who is actively employed by the Company as of December 9, 2005 and who does not exercise all of such Participant s options pursuant to Section 1.2 of this Appendix A, such Participant must complete a Retirement Benefit election in accordance with Article 6 and a Disability Benefit election in accordance with Article 8. 
 1.8 Certain Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions . 
 (a) Change in Control . On or before December 31, 2005, a Participant may irrevocably elect to receive a single lump sum Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control in accordance with Article 5 of the Plan. If the Participant elects to receive a Change in Control Benefit, the Change in Control shall trigger payment of the entire SOP Account (minus the Exercise Price Credit) notwithstanding any other election to receive one or more Scheduled Distributions. If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Change in Control Benefit, then such Participant s SOP Account shall remain in the Plan upon a Change in Control and shall be subject to the terms one or more Scheduled Distributions. 
 (b) Termination, Retirement or Disability Benefit . In accordance with Section 4.3 of the Plan, the occurrence of a Benefit Distribution Date on account of the Participant s Separation from Service or Disability that triggers a Termination or Disability Benefit shall take precedence over one or more Scheduled Distribution elections with respect to the SOP Account provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 1.8 shall not be applicable to any Participant who was not actively employed with the Company at the time such Participant elects a Scheduled Distribution in accordance with Section 1.6 above. The occurrence of a Benefit Distribution Date that triggers a Retirement Benefit under Article 6 shall not take precedence over any SOP Account that is subject to a Scheduled Distribution election the SOP Account shall be paid in accordance with the applicable Scheduled Distribution election. 
 (c) Death Benefit . The occurrence of the Participant s death that triggers an automatic Death Benefit under Section 9 of the Plan shall take precedence over one or more Scheduled Distribution elections with respect to the SOP Account the SOP Account (minus the Exercise Price Credit) shall be paid in a single lump sum in accordance with Article 9 of the Plan. 

A-3 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX B Supplemental Savings Plan Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . Since January 1, 1999, the Company has sponsored the CHS Inc. Supplemental Savings Plan (the SSP for the purpose of allowing a select group of management and highly compensated employees to voluntarily defer compensation. The Company has determined to discontinue voluntary deferrals under the SSP effective July 1, 2006. 
 1.2 Conversion of Account Balances . Effective July 1, 2006, voluntary deferrals previously deferred pursuant to the terms of the SSP shall become part of the Participant s Deferral Account balance under this Plan. Following the conversion, the Participant s SSP Account shall no longer be credited with interest income under the terms of the SSP, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following special rules shall apply 
 (a) Amounts deferred under the SSP pursuant to an election providing one or more scheduled payments, all of which are to be paid in full no later than December 31, 2008, shall not become part of the Plan, but shall instead continue to be governed by the terms of the SSP until such amounts, and any earnings thereon, are paid in full. 
 (b) Amounts deferred under the SSP which are in pay status as of July 1, 2006 but which are not scheduled to be paid in full on or before December 31, 2008, shall become part of the Plan but shall be paid in accordance with the schedule elected under the SSP. Unpaid amounts shall be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. 
 (b) Amounts deferred under the SSP by any SSP Participant who is an employee of Cofina Financial, LLC as of July 1, 2006 shall not become part of this Plan, but rather, shall become part of the Participant s Deferral Account balance under the Cofina Financial, LLC Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 1.3 Payment Elections . With respect to each Participant in the SSP who first becomes a Participant in this Plan when his or her SSP Account becomes part of the Deferral Account balance under this Plan, on or prior to July 1, 2006, such Participant must complete a Retirement Benefit 

B-1 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 election in accordance with Article 6 and a Disability Benefit election in accordance with Article 8 (other than with respect to benefits in pay status under Section 1.2(b) above). Such Participant may also (but need not) irrevocably elect to receive a single lump sum Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control in accordance with Article 5 of the Plan. With respect to each Participant in the SSP who is a Participant in this Plan when his or her SSP benefits become part of the Deferral Account balance under this Plan, such Participant s prior payment elections with respect to the Participant s Deferral Account shall apply to the SSP benefits. 

B-2 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX C Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Savings Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . Since January 1, 1999, the Company has sponsored the CHS Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP for the purpose of providing deferred compensation to a select group of management and highly compensated employees. The Company has determined, effective July 1, 2006, to discontinue making restorative matching and non-elective credits to the Savings Plan Accounts of Participants under Section 4.3 of the SERP. 
 1.2 Conversion of Account Balances . Effective July 1, 2006, a Participant s Savings Plan Account under the SERP, if any, shall become part of the Participant s Company Contribution Account balance under this Plan. Following the conversion, the Participant s SERP Savings Plan Account shall no longer be credited with interest income under the terms of the SERP, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. 
 1.3 Payment Elections . With respect to each Participant in the SERP who first becomes a Participant in this Plan when his or her SERP Savings Plan Account becomes part of the Company Contribution Account balance under this Plan, on or prior to July 1, 2006, such Participant must complete a Retirement Benefit election in accordance with Article 6, a Disability Benefit election in accordance with Article 8. Such Participant may also (but need not) irrevocably elect to receive a single lump sum Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control in accordance with Article 5 of the Plan. With respect to each Participant in the SERP who is a Participant in this Plan when his or her SERP Savings Plan Account becomes part of the Company Contribution Account balance under this Plan, such Participant s prior payment elections with respect to the Participant s Company Contribution Account shall apply to the SERP Savings Plan Accounts. 
 1.4 Company Contribution Amount . In addition to such Company Contribution Amounts as may be made under Section 3.5 of the Plan, for each Plan Year, the Company Contribution Account of each Participant who qualifies as an Active Participant under the SERP shall be credited with a Company Contribution Amount determined under this Section 1.4. Such Company Contribution Amount for any Plan Year shall be the difference, if any, between 

C-1 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 (a) the amount of the Active Participant s discretionary contribution which would have been credited under the CHS Inc. Savings Plan for the Plan Year if (i) the limitations on benefits imposed by Sections 401(a)(17) and 415 of the Code were disregarded and (ii) compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under this Plan were taken into account as includible compensation under the Savings Plan (except that amounts deferred or paid under any mandatory deferral portion of any long-term incentive compensation program maintained by the Company or any Employer shall be disregarded for this purpose) and 
 (b) the actual amount of discretionary contribution that is allocated on behalf of such Participant under the provisions of the Savings Plan for such Plan Year 
 1.5 Company Restoration Matching Amounts . In addition to such Company Restoration Matching Amounts as may be made under Section 3.6 of the Plan, for each Plan Year, the Company Restoration Matching Account of each Participant who qualifies as an Active Participant under the SERP shall be credited with a Company Restoration Matching Amount in determined under this Section 1.5. Such Company Restoration Matching Amount for any Plan Year shall be the difference, if any, between 
 (a) the amount of the Active Participant s matching contribution which would have been credited under the CHS Inc. Savings Plan for the Plan Year if (i) the limitations on benefits imposed by Sections 401(a)(17), 402(g) and 415 of the Code were disregarded (ii) compensation deferred upon the election of the Participant under this Plan were taken into account as includible compensation under the Savings Plan (except that amounts deferred or paid under any mandatory deferral portion of any long-term incentive compensation program maintained by the Company or any Employer shall be disregarded for this purpose) and (iii) for such Plan Year, the Participant made a before tax contribution (as defined in the Savings Plan) of the lesser of (A) six percent (6 of the Participant s includible compensation as revised under (i) and (ii) above, or (B) the maximum before-tax contribution, stated as a percentage of such compensation, which is permitted under the Savings Plan to be made by such Participant for that Plan Year, and 
 (b) the actual amount of matching contribution that is allocated on behalf of such Participant under the provisions of the Savings Plan for such Plan Year (not in excess of the maximum dollar limit in effect for such Plan Year under Section 402(g) of the Code). 

C-2 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX D Agriliance LLC Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . In connection with the Company s purchase of certain assets of Agriliance LLC Agriliance ), the Company assumed deferred compensation obligations under the Agriliance LLC Deferred Compensation Plan Agriliance Plan for those Participants who transferred employment to the Company as part of the asset purchase. 
 1.2 Transfer of Account Balances . For those Participants who transferred employment to the Company as part of the asset purchase, all voluntary deferrals previously deferred pursuant to the terms of the Agriliance Plan shall become part of the Participant s Deferral Account balance under this Plan. Following the conversion, the Participant s Agriliance Plan account shall no longer be credited with earnings, gains or losses under the terms of the Agriliance Plan, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. 
 1.3 Payment Elections . With respect to each Participant in the Agriliance Plan who becomes a Participant in this Plan, such Participant must upon commencement of participation complete a Beneficiary Designation Form, a Retirement Benefit election in accordance with Article 6 and a Disability Benefit election in accordance with Article 8. Such elections and Beneficiary designations shall apply both to deferrals previously made under the Agriliance Plan and to new deferrals, if any, made under this Plan. Such Participant may also (but need not) irrevocably elect to receive a single lump sum Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control in accordance with Article 5 of the Plan. All of the foregoing elections must be made on or before December 31, 2008 and must comply in all other respects with special transition rules issued by the IRS and the U.S. Department of Treasury in connection with the implementation of Section 409A of the Code. 

D-1 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX E Cofina Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . In connection with the Company s acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of Cofina Financial, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company Cofina ), the Company assumed all deferred compensation obligations under the Cofina Financial, LLC Deferred Compensation Plan Cofina Plan ). 
 1.2 Transfer of Account Balances . All deferrals previously deferred pursuant to the terms of the Cofina Plan shall become part of the Participant s Deferral Account balance under this Plan. Following the conversion, the Participant s Cofina Plan account shall no longer be credited with earnings, gains or losses under the terms of the Cofina Plan, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan. 
 1.3 Payment Elections . The Cofina Plan is maintained under a document entitled Cofina Financial, LLC Deferred Compensation Plan, Master Plan Document , as amended by two amendments. The terms of the Cofina Plan are, in all material respects, identical to this Plan. Accordingly, with respect to each Participant in the Cofina Plan, such Participant s Beneficiary Designation Form, Retirement Benefit election, Disability Benefit election and Change in Control benefit election (if any) made in accordance with Articles 5, 6 and 8 of the Cofina Plan shall continue in effect, both with respect to deferrals previously made under the Cofina Plan and new deferrals, if any, made under this Plan. In addition, if the Participant has a Scheduled Distribution election in effect with respect to any Annual Deferral Amount under the Cofina Plan, such election shall remain in effect following transfer to this Plan. 

E-1 

CHS Inc. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Master Plan Document 

 CHS INC. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 APPENDIX F CHS McPherson Refinery Inc. (formerly National Cooperative Refinery Association) 
 Deferred Compensation Plan Accounts 
 Except where expressly defined in this Appendix, the capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as the same terms in the Plan document. 
 1.1 History . In connection with the Company s acquisition of one hundred percent (100 of CHS McPherson Refinery Inc., formerly National Cooperative Refinery Association, a Kansas corporation, the Company assumed all deferred compensation obligations under the I.R.C. 409A National Cooperative Refinery Association Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan NCRA Plan ). The NCRA Plan is maintained under a document entitled I.R.C. 409A National Cooperative Refinery Association Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, As Restated Effective January 1, 2008 , as amended by one amendment. 
 1.2 Transfer of Account Balances . Each Deferred Compensation Account under the NCRA Plan, shall be transferred to a Deferral Account balance under this Plan shall become part of this Plan effective December 31, 2015. Following the transfer, each Deferred Compensation Account under the NCRA Plan shall no longer be credited with earnings, gains or losses under the terms of the NCRA Plan, but shall instead be credited or debited with earnings, gains or losses under one or more Measurement Funds elected by the Participant, in accordance with Section 3.9 of the Plan 
 1.3 Payment Elections . With respect to each Participant in the NCRA Plan who becomes an active Participant in this Plan, such Participant must upon commencement of participation complete a Beneficiary Designation Form, a Change in Control Benefit election in accordance with Article 5, a Retirement Benefit election in accordance with Article 6 and a Disability Benefit election in accordance with Article 8. The Participant may also make a Schedule Distribution election in accordance with Article 4. Such elections and Beneficiary designations shall apply only to deferrals made under this Plan, and not to deferrals previously made under the NCRA Plan. Such Participant s prior elections with respect to the Participant s Deferred Compensation Account shall continue to apply to the Deferred Compensation Account. 

F-1 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.26F>
 5
 ex1026famendmentno14restat.htm
 EX-10.26F

Document 
 EX10.26F 
 Certain portions of this Exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K and, where applicable, have been marked with to indicate where redactions have been made. The marked information has been redacted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed 
 Exhibit A to Fourteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2024 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of July 18, 2017 
 and 
 as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of June 28, 2018, the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of August 20, 2018, the Omnibus Amendment No. 3, dated as of September 4, 2018, the Fourth Amendment and Limited Waiver to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2018, the Omnibus Amendment No. 5, dated as of June 27, 2019, the Omnibus Amendment No. 6, dated as of May 1, 2020, the Omnibus Amendment No. 7, dated as of June 26, 2020, the Omnibus Amendment No. 8, dated as of September 24, 2020, the Omnibus Amendment No. 9, dated as of July 30, 2021, the Omnibus Amendment No. 10, dated as of August 31, 2021, the Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, the Twelfth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, the Thirteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase 
 770272219 16509877 

Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2023, and the Fourteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2024 
 among 
 CHS INC., 
 individually and as Servicer, 
 COFINA FUNDING, LLC, 
 as Seller, 
 THE VARIOUS CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS, AND PURCHASER AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 and 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), 
 as Administrative Agent 

770272219 16509877 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

ARTICLE I PURCHASES AND REINVESTMENTS 2 
 SECTION 1.1 Purchases Limits on Purchasers Obligations 2 
 SECTION 1.2 Purchase Procedures Assignment of Seller s Interests 4 
 SECTION 1.3 Reinvestments of Certain Collections Payment of Remaining Collections Asset Interest 9 
 ARTICLE II COMPUTATIONAL RULES 12 
 SECTION 2.1 Selection of Rate Tranches 12 
 SECTION 2.2 Computation of each Purchaser Group Investment and each Purchaser s Tranche Investment 12 
 SECTION 2.3 Computation of Account Debtor Concentration Limit, Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount, Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and Unpaid Balance 13 
 SECTION 2.4 Computation of Yield 13 
 SECTION 2.5 Estimates of Yield Rate, Fees, Etc 13 
 SECTION 2.6 Rates 14 
 ARTICLE III SETTLEMENTS 15 
 SECTION 3.1 Settlement Procedures 15 
 SECTION 3.2 Deemed Collections Event of Repurchase Reduction of Total Investment, Etc 19 
 SECTION 3.3 Payments and Computations, Etc 21 
 SECTION 3.4 Treatment of Collections and Deemed Collections 25 
 SECTION 3.5 Erroneous Payments 25 
 ARTICLE IV FEES AND YIELD PROTECTION 28 
 SECTION 4.1 Fees 28 
 SECTION 4.2 Yield Protection 28 
 SECTION 4.3 Funding Losses 30 
 SECTION 4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting 31 
 SECTION 4.5 Illegality 33 
 SECTION 4.6 Inability to Determine Rates 34 
 ARTICLE V CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 35 
 SECTION 5.1 Closing Date 35 
 770272219 16509877 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SECTION 5.2 Effective Date 35 
 SECTION 5.3 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments 36 
 ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 37 
 SECTION 6.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller 37 
 SECTION 6.2 Representations and Warranties of CHS 42 
 ARTICLE VII GENERAL COVENANTS OF SELLER AND SERVICER 46 
 SECTION 7.1 Covenants of Seller 46 
 SECTION 7.2 Covenants of CHS 54 
 SECTION 7.3 Full Recourse 60 
 SECTION 7.4 Corporate Separateness Related Matters and Covenants 60 
 ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 64 
 SECTION 8.1 Designation of Servicer 64 
 SECTION 8.2 Duties of Servicer 65 
 SECTION 8.3 Rights of Administrative Agent 67 
 SECTION 8.4 Responsibilities of Servicer 68 
 SECTION 8.5 Further Action Evidencing Purchases and Reinvestments 68 
 SECTION 8.6 Application of Collections 68 
 SECTION 8.7 Funds and Documents to be held in Trust 68 
 ARTICLE IX SECURITY INTEREST 69 
 SECTION 9.1 Grant of Security Interest 69 
 SECTION 9.2 Further Assurances 70 
 SECTION 9.3 Remedies Waiver 70 
 ARTICLE X EVENTS OF DEFAULT 70 
 SECTION 10.1 Events of Default 70 
 SECTION 10.2 Remedies 73 
 ARTICLE XI PURCHASER AGENTS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS 77 
 SECTION 11.1 Authorization and Action of Program Administrator 77 
 SECTION 11.2 Limited Liability of Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent 77 
 770272219 16509877 
 ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SECTION 11.3 Authorization and Action of each Purchaser Agent 78 
 SECTION 11.4 Authorization and Action of Administrative Agent 78 
 SECTION 11.5 Delegation of Duties of each Purchaser Agent 78 
 SECTION 11.6 Delegation of Duties of Administrative Agent 79 
 SECTION 11.7 Successor Agent 79 
 SECTION 11.8 Indemnification 79 
 SECTION 11.9 Reliance, etc 79 
 SECTION 11.10 Purchasers and Affiliates 80 
 SECTION 11.11 Sharing of Recoveries 80 
 SECTION 11.12 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers 80 
 ARTICLE XII INDEMNIFICATION 81 
 SECTION 12.1 Indemnities by Seller 81 
 SECTION 12.2 Indemnity by Servicer 85 
 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 85 
 SECTION 13.1 Amendments, Etc 85 
 SECTION 13.2 Notices, Etc 86 
 SECTION 13.3 Successors and Assigns Participations Assignments 86 
 SECTION 13.4 No Waiver Remedies 88 
 SECTION 13.5 Binding Effect Survival 89 
 SECTION 13.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 89 
 SECTION 13.7 No Proceedings 90 
 SECTION 13.8 Confidentiality 90 
 SECTION 13.9 Captions and Cross References 92 
 SECTION 13.10 Integration 92 
 SECTION 13.11 Governing Law 93 
 SECTION 13.12 Waiver of Jury Trial 93 
 SECTION 13.13 Consent to Jurisdiction Waiver of Immunities 93 
 SECTION 13.14 Execution in Counterparts 93 
 SECTION 13.15 No Recourse Against Other Parties 94 
 770272219 16509877 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

SECTION 13.16 Pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank 94 
 SECTION 13.17 Pledge to a Collateral Trustee 94 
 SECTION 13.18 Severability 94 
 SECTION 13.19 No Party Deemed Drafter 94 
 SECTION 13.20 PATRIOT Act 95 
 SECTION 13.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In if Affected Financial Institutions 95 
 SECTION 13.22 Amendment and Restatement 95 
 
 770272219 16509877 
 iv 

APPENDIX A Definitions 
 
 SCHEDULE I Payment Instructions 
 SCHEDULE II Excluded Foreign Account Debtor Jurisdictions 
 SCHEDULE 13.2 Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBIT A Credit and Collection Policy 
 EXHIBIT B Collection Accounts Lockboxes Originator Specified Accounts Concentration Account 
 EXHIBIT C Purchaser Groups 
 EXHIBIT D Form of Loan Documents 
 EXHIBIT E Form of Notice of Purchase 
 EXHIBIT F Form of Notice of Payment 
 EXHIBIT G Form of Purchase Request 
 EXHIBIT 3.1(a) Form of Information Package 
 
 770272219 16509877 
 v 

AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of July 18, 2017, as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2018, the Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2018, the Omnibus Amendment No. 3, dated as of September 4, 2018, the Fourth Amendment and Limited Waiver to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2018, the Omnibus Amendment No. 5, dated as of June 27, 2019, the Omnibus Amendment No. 6, dated as of May 1, 2020, the Omnibus Amendment No. 7, dated as of June 26, 2020, and the Omnibus Amendment No. 8, dated as of September 24, 2020, the Omnibus Amendment No. 9, dated as of July 30, 2021, the Omnibus Amendment No. 10, dated as of August 31, 2021, the Eleventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, the Twelfth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, the Thirteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2023, and the Fourteenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2024 (this Agreement ), is among CHS INC., a Minnesota corporation CHS ), individually and as initial Servicer, COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), the various CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party hereto, and MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.) MUFG ), as administrative agent on behalf of the Affected Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 B A C K G R O U N D 
 1. Originators have, and expect to have, Receivables and Loans which Originators intend to absolutely and irrevocably sell or contribute, as applicable, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
 2. Seller is a special purpose, bankruptcy-remote, limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CHS. 
 3. Seller, in turn, intends to sell to Administrative Agent, on behalf of Purchasers, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Pool Assets and certain other related assets and proceeds of the foregoing which Seller is acquiring from Originators. 
 4. Seller has requested that Administrative Agent on behalf of Purchasers, and Administrative Agent on behalf of Purchasers has agreed, subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, to purchase such Pool Assets and certain other related assets, referred to herein as the Asset Interest, from Seller from time to time during the term of this Agreement. 
 5. Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, certain of the daily Collections in respect 
 770272219 16509877 

of the Asset Interest be reinvested in Pool Assets, which Reinvestment shall constitute part of the Asset Interest. 
 6. Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that, pursuant to the terms hereof, CHS be appointed, and act, as the initial Servicer of the Pool Assets. 
 7. Seller, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent also desire that Performance Guarantor guarantee the obligations of the Originators and Servicer under the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms of the Performance Guaranty. 
 8. MUFG has been requested, and is willing, to act as Administrative Agent. 
 9. Each of the Purchaser Agents has been requested by the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, and is willing, to act as Purchaser Agent for such Purchasers. 
 10. The parties hereto are party to that certain Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, as amended (the Original Agreement and, subject to Section 13.22 , wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety in the form set out herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement are used as defined in (or by reference in) Appendix A , and the other interpretive provisions set out in Appendix A shall be applied in the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE I PURCHASES AND REINVESTMENTS 
 SECTION 1.1 Purchases Limits on Purchasers Obligations . 
 (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, from time to time prior to the Purchase Termination Date, Seller may request that Administrative Agent, on behalf of (x) the Conduit Purchasers or, if any Conduit Purchaser is unable or unwilling to make a purchase, the related Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group, and or (y) the Committed Purchasers if such Committed Purchaser s Purchaser Group does not have a Conduit Purchaser, purchase from Seller the Pool Assets and Related Assets from time to time and Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Purchasers, shall make such purchase (each such purchase, a Committed Purchase subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement in an amount (the Committed Purchase Price equal in each instance to the lesser of (i) the amount requested by Seller under Section 1.2(a)(i) , and (ii) the largest amount that will not cause (a) with respect to any Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment to exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, 
 2 
 770272219 16509877 

(b) the aggregate Total Committed Investment to exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, or (c) the Total Investment to exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base at such time provided , however , that if any requested Conduit Purchaser is unwilling or unable for any reason to make such Committed Purchase, Seller shall be deemed to have requested that the related Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group make such Committed Purchase subject to the limitations set forth in the foregoing clause (ii) . Each Committed Purchase made pursuant to this Section 1.1(a) shall be in an amount at least equal to 5,000,000 and, in each case, in integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Purchaser hereby agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, to make Committed Purchases deemed to be so requested by Seller under this Section 1.1(a) if the Conduit Purchaser in such Committed Purchaser s Purchaser Group, if any, is unable or unwilling to make such Committed Purchase, or if such Committed Purchaser s Purchaser Group does not have a Conduit Purchaser, so long as after giving effect to such Committed Purchase (and any other Purchase to be made on such date) (i) the aggregate Total Committed Investment would not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment would not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, and (iii) the aggregate Total Investment would not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base at such time. At no time shall a Conduit Purchaser that is not a Committed Purchaser have any obligation or commitment to make any Purchase. 
 (b) Solely to the extent that each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment is greater than or equal to each such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, from time to time prior to the Purchase Termination Date, Seller may request that Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Purchasers, purchase on an uncommitted basis from Seller the Pool Assets and Related Assets from time to time, and Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Purchaser that has expressly agreed, in its sole and absolute discretion, to make such purchase, shall make such Purchase (each such purchase, an Uncommitted Purchase and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement in an amount (the Uncommitted Purchase Price equal in each instance to the lesser of (i) the amount requested by Seller under Section 1.2(a)(ii) , and (ii) the largest amount that will not cause (a) with respect to any Purchaser Group, such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment to exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, (b) the aggregate Total Uncommitted Investment to exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, or (c) the Total Investment to exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base at such time. Each Uncommitted Purchase, if any, made pursuant to this Section 1.1(b) shall be in an amount at least equal to 5,000,000 and, in each case, in integral multiples of 100,000 in excess thereof. At no time shall any Purchaser have any obligation or commitment to make any Uncommitted Purchase and any Uncommitted Purchase (including the amount such Purchaser is required to fund in connection therewith) shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of each Purchaser. 
 3 
 770272219 16509877 

SECTION 1.2 Purchase Procedures Assignment of Seller s Interests . 
 (a) Notice of Purchases and Purchase Requests . Except as set forth in Section 1.3 , each Committed Purchase shall be made pursuant to a Notice of Purchase in accordance with clause (i) below and each Uncommitted Purchase, if any, shall be made pursuant to a Purchase Request in accordance with clause (ii) below provided , however , that Seller shall not request, and the Purchasers shall not be required to fund, more than six (6) Purchases per calendar month (for the avoidance of doubt, this shall not, however, restrain the making of Reinvestments of Collections in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any calendar month). 
 (i) With respect to any Committed Purchase, Seller shall deliver a Notice of Purchase to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day preceding the date of such proposed Committed Purchase. Each Notice of Purchase shall specify (A) the desired Committed Purchase Price and date of such proposed Committed Purchase (each such date, a Requested Committed Purchase Date (which shall be a Business Day), (B) the amount of such proposed Committed Purchase to be allocated to each Purchaser Group in accordance with each Purchaser Group s Ratable Share, and (C) a pro forma calculation of the Asset Interest after giving effect to such Committed Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on such day. If any Conduit Purchaser is willing and able, in its sole discretion, to make its Ratable Share of a Committed Purchase requested of it pursuant to this Section 1.2(a)(i) subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Conduit Purchaser shall make such Committed Purchase by transferring such amount in accordance with clause (b) below on the applicable Requested Committed Purchase Date. If any Conduit Purchaser is unwilling or unable for any reason to make its Ratable Share of such Committed Purchase, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, shall make its Ratable Share of such Committed Purchase by transferring such amount in accordance with clause (b) below on the applicable Requested Committed Purchase Date. 
 (ii) With respect to any Uncommitted Purchase, Seller shall deliver a Purchase Request to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the fifteenth (15th) Business Day preceding the date of such proposed Uncommitted Purchase. Each Purchase Request shall specify (A) the desired Uncommitted Purchase Price and date of such proposed Uncommitted Purchase (each such date, a Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date (which shall be a Business Day), (B) the amount of such proposed Uncommitted Purchase to be initially allocated (unless otherwise agreed by each of the Purchaser Agents in writing) to each Purchaser Group in accordance with each Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Ratable Share, and (C) a pro forma calculation of the Asset Interest after giving effect to such Uncommitted Purchase and any other 
 4 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchase proposed to be made on such day. Each Purchaser Agent shall promptly forward each Purchase Request received by it to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. Each Purchaser Agent shall notify Seller and Administrative Agent in writing no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days prior to the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date whether or not any Purchasers in its Purchaser Group have determined, in their sole and absolute discretion, to make the requested Uncommitted Purchase pursuant to the related Purchase Request and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (each such written acceptance of the related Purchase Request with respect to any Purchaser Group pursuant to this clause (ii) , a Purchase Acceptance provided , however , that the failure of any Purchaser Agent to so notify Seller and Administrative Agent, by 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days prior to the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date, of the determination of the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, shall be deemed a rejection by the Purchasers in such Purchaser Group to make such requested Uncommitted Purchase. 
 (A) In the event that one or more Purchaser Groups reject (or is deemed to have rejected) any requested Uncommitted Purchase (any such Purchaser Group, solely with respect to the related Purchase Request, a Rejecting Purchaser Group ), Seller may send a written request (each such request, a Supplemental Purchase Request to the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents for each of the Purchaser Groups that delivered a Purchase Acceptance (any such Purchaser Group, solely with respect to the related Purchase Request, an Accepting Purchaser Group ), no later than 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days prior to the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date, requesting that each Accepting Purchaser Group makes an additional purchase on the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date in accordance with the Supplemental Purchase Request in an amount equal to such Accepting Purchaser Group s Accepting Purchaser Group Percentage of the aggregate amount requested to be purchased by all Rejecting Purchaser Groups in the related Purchase Request, which Supplemental Purchase Request shall specify (i) the amount that each Accepting Purchaser Group has agreed, pursuant to the applicable Purchase Acceptance, to pay to Seller on the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date, (ii) each Accepting Purchaser Group s Accepting Group Purchaser Percentage of the aggregate amount requested to be purchased by all Rejecting Groups in the applicable Purchase Request, (iii) the additional amount that Seller is requesting each Accepting Purchaser Group to pay to Seller, pursuant to the applicable Supplemental Purchase Request, on the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date and (iv) the aggregate amount that Seller is asking each Accepting Purchaser Group to pay to Seller on the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date. Each Purchaser Agent shall 
 5 
 770272219 16509877 

promptly forward each Supplemental Purchase Request received by it to the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group. 
 (B) Each Purchaser Agent for an Accepting Purchaser Group shall notify Seller and Administrative Agent in writing no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) one (1) Business Day prior to the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date whether or not any Purchasers in its Accepting Purchaser Group have determined, in their sole and absolute discretion, to make the requested Uncommitted Purchase pursuant to the Supplemental Purchase Request and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (each such written acceptance of a Supplemental Purchase Request with respect to any Accepting Purchaser Group, a Supplemental Purchase Acceptance provided , however , that the failure of any Purchaser Agent to so notify Seller and Administrative Agent, by 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) one (1) Business Day prior to the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date, of the determination of the Purchasers in its Accepting Purchaser Group, shall be deemed a rejection by the Purchasers in such Accepting Purchaser Group to make such requested Uncommitted Purchase set forth in such Supplemental Purchase Request. 
 (C) If any Purchaser agrees to fund the related Purchase Request or Supplemental Purchase Request pursuant to this Section 1.2(a)(ii) subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Purchaser shall make such Uncommitted Purchase by transferring such amount in accordance with clause (b) below on the related Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date. 
 (D) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall not request any Purchaser Group to make any Uncommitted Purchase under this Section 1.2(a)(ii) pursuant to a Purchase Request, Supplemental Purchase Request or otherwise that would cause such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment to exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount. 
 (E) No Purchaser in any Purchaser Group shall (x) be obligated to make any Uncommitted Purchase, (y) be obligated to make any commitment with respect to any Uncommitted Purchase or (z) be responsible for the failure of any other Purchaser or Purchaser Group to make funds available in connection with any Uncommitted Purchase. 
 (b) Payment of Purchase Price . On the date of each Purchase hereunder, the applicable Purchasers, or the related Purchaser Agent, shall, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth herein (including in Article V ), make available to the Seller (i) with respect to Committed Purchases, their Ratable Share, and (ii) with respect 
 6 
 770272219 16509877 

to Uncommitted Purchases, their respective portion, of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to such Purchase in immediately available funds at the following account 
 Holder Name Bank Name Address 
 Account Number ABA Number 
 Reference 
 
 or such other account as designated from time to time by Seller in a written notice to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
 (c) Sale and Assignment of Asset Interest . Seller hereby absolutely and irrevocably sells, assigns and transfers to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) (ratably, according to each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment), upon the payment of the aggregate Purchase Price, effective on and as of the date of each Purchase and Reinvestment hereunder, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under all Pool Assets and Related Assets and all proceeds of any of the foregoing, whether currently owned or existing or thereafter arising, acquired or originated, or in which Seller now or hereafter has any rights, and wherever so located (the assets so assigned to include not only the Pool Assets and Related Assets existing as of the date of such Purchase but also all future Pool Assets and the Related Assets acquired by Seller from time to time as provided in Section 1.3 ). Administrative Agent s (on behalf of the Purchasers) right, title and interest in, to and under all such assets is herein called the Asset Interest . 
 On any date the Asset Interest will represent Purchasers ownership interest in all then outstanding Pool Assets and all Related Assets with respect thereto (including all Collections and other proceeds thereof as described in this Section 1.2(c) ), as at such date. On any date, the Asset Interest will be equal to a percentage, expressed as the following fraction 
 TI + RR NPB 
 where 
 TI Total Investment RR the Required Reserves and NPB the Net Pool Balance 
 
 in each case as of that date provided , that the Asset Interest will remain constant at 100 of the Net Pool Balance at all times on and after the Purchase Termination Date until the Final Payout Date. Administrative Agent s right, title 
 7 
 770272219 16509877 

and interest in and to such assets, for the benefit of the Purchasers, is herein called the Asset Interest . 
 (d) Characterization as a Purchase and Sale Recharacterization . It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the conveyance of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the Asset Interest to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) pursuant to this Agreement shall not constitute a purchase and sale and shall instead constitute a pledge and financing, and such purchase and sale of the Asset Interest to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers) hereunder shall be treated as a financing for all purposes including, U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax and accounting purposes. The provisions of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents shall be construed to further these intentions of the parties. Accordingly, the Seller hereby grants to Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Affected Parties) a security interest to secure Seller s Obligations hereunder in the Asset Interest as provided in Section 9.1 . Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledges and intends that no Purchase hereunder shall constitute, or be deemed to constitute, a Security under U.S. securities laws or within the meaning of the UCC. The provisions of this Agreement and all related Transaction Documents shall be construed to further these intentions of the parties hereto. 
 (e) Tax Treatment . It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes, each Purchase will be treated as a loan from the applicable Purchaser to Seller (it being understood that all payments to the Purchasers, in their capacity as such, representing Yield, fees and other amounts accrued under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents shall be deemed to constitute interest payments). 
 (f) Purchasers Limitation on Payments . Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, none of the Purchasers, Purchaser Agents or Administrative Agent shall, and none of them shall be obligated (whether on behalf of a Purchaser or otherwise) to, pay any amount to Seller as a Reinvestment under Section 1.3 , except to the extent that Collections are available for distribution to Seller for such purpose in accordance with this Agreement. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the obligations of any Conduit Purchaser under this Agreement and all other Transaction Documents shall be payable by such Conduit Purchaser solely to the extent of funds received from Seller in accordance herewith or from any party to any Transaction Document in accordance with the terms thereof in excess of funds necessary to pay such Person s matured and maturing Commercial Paper Notes or other senior indebtedness when due. Any amount which Administrative Agent, a Purchaser Agent or a Purchaser is not obligated to pay pursuant to the operation of the two preceding sentences shall not constitute a claim (as defined in 101 of the Bankruptcy Code) against, or corporate obligation of, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or Administrative Agent, as applicable, for any such insufficiency unless and until such amount becomes available for distribution to Seller pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 8 
 770272219 16509877 

(g) Obligations Not Assumed . The foregoing sale, assignment and transfer does not constitute, and is not intended to result in, the creation or an assumption by Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or any other Affected Party of any obligation or liability of the Seller, any Originator, the Servicer or any other Person under or in connection with all, or any portion of, the Asset Interest (including the Pool Assets and Related Assets), all of which shall remain the obligations and liabilities of the Seller, the Originators, the Servicer and such other Persons, as applicable. 
 (h) Obligations . Each Committed Purchaser s obligations hereunder shall be several, such that the failure of any Committed Purchaser to make a payment in connection with any Purchase hereunder shall not relieve any other Committed Purchaser of its obligations hereunder to make payment for any Purchase. 
 SECTION 1.3 Reinvestments of Certain Collections Payment of Remaining Collections Asset Interest . 
 (a) On the close of business on each Business Day during the period from the Effective Date to the Final Payout Date, Servicer shall, on behalf of Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Affected Parties), out of all Collections from Pool Assets received since the end of the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (i) set aside and hold in trust for Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties, an amount (based on information provided by Administrative Agent pursuant to Article II equal to the sum of (a) the estimated amount of Yield accrued in respect of each Rate Tranche, (b) all other amounts due to Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents, Purchasers or any other Affected Party hereunder (including Deemed Collections, Repurchase Payments and costs and expenses described in Section 13.6 ), (c) all Custodian fees and expenses due to the Custodian under the Custodian Agreement, (d) the Servicing Fee (in each case, accrued through such day and not so previously set aside or anticipated to accrue through the end of the then current Settlement Period, as determined by Servicer based upon, among other relevant information, the then outstanding Total Investment and the Yield Rates then in effect) and (e) any other obligations of Seller hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents accrued through such day and not previously set aside, or then due and owing or otherwise outstanding (other than any portion of the Total Investment that is not otherwise payable on the following Settlement Date) and 
 (ii) subject to Sections 3.1(c)(iv) and 3.2(c) , set aside such Collections as are not required to be set aside and held in trust pursuant to clause (i) above (including any such Collections not set aside but commingled), for Seller to pay to the Originators for additional Pool Assets and Related Assets with respect to such Pool Assets (each such purchase being a Reinvestment provided , that, (A) if (I) the Total Investment would exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, (II) any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment would exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group 
 9 
 770272219 16509877 

Commitment, (III) any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment would exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, (IV) the Total Committed Investment would exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, or (V) the Total Uncommitted Investment would exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount (in each case, at such time and after giving effect to such Reinvestment), then Servicer (for the benefit of the Purchasers) shall only make Reinvestments after first setting aside and holding in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties in accordance with Section 3.4 , a portion of such Collections which, together with other Collections previously set aside for such purpose and then so held, shall equal the amount necessary to reduce (i) the Total Committed Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Total Uncommitted Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, (iii) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment to an amount equal to or less than such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment, (iv) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment to an amount equal to or less than such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount and (v) the Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, in each case, at such time (any remaining Collections after giving effect to this proviso shall then be applied as described above in this Section 1.3(a)(ii) and (B) if the conditions precedent to Reinvestment in clause (a) , (b) , (d) or (e) of Section 5.3 are not satisfied or no Reinvestments are to be made in accordance with Section 3.2(c) , then Servicer shall not apply any of such remaining Collections to a Reinvestment. 
 (b) Unreinvested Collections . Subject to Sections 1.3(a)(ii) and 3.1(c)(iv) , Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent on behalf of the applicable Affected Parties, all Collections which, pursuant to clause (ii) of Section 1.3(a) , may not be reinvested in the Pool Assets and Related Assets. If, prior to the date when such Collections are required to be paid to the applicable Purchaser Agents for the benefit of the applicable Affected Parties, pursuant to Section 1.3(c) , the amount of Collections so set aside exceeds the amount, if any, necessary to reduce (i) the Total Committed Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Total Uncommitted Investment to an amount equal to or less than the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, (iii) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment to an amount equal to or less than the related Purchaser Group Commitment, (iv) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment to an amount equal to or less than the related Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount and (v) Total Investment to an amount equal to or less than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base (in each case, at such time), and the conditions precedent to Reinvestment set forth in clauses (a) , (b) , (d) and (e) of Section 5.3 are satisfied and Reinvestments are permitted in accordance with Section 3.2(c) , then Servicer shall apply such Collections (or, if less, a portion of such 
 10 
 770272219 16509877 

Collections equal to the amount of such excess) in accordance with Section 1.3(a)(ii) to the making of a Reinvestment. 
 (c) Payment of Amounts Set Aside . 
 (i) Servicer shall pay all amounts of Collections set aside and held in trust pursuant to clause (i) of Section 1.3(a) in respect of Yield on a Rate Tranche not funded by the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes (including under a Liquidity Agreement or an Enhancement Agreement) to the applicable Purchaser Agent on the last day of the then current Yield Period for such Rate Tranche based on information provided by such Purchaser Agent pursuant to Article II , or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any such Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice to Servicer. 
 (ii) Servicer shall pay all amounts of Collections set aside and held in trust pursuant to clause (i) of Section 1.3(a) above and not applied pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 1.3(c) to the applicable Purchaser Agent on the Settlement Date for each Settlement Period, as provided in Section 3.1 , or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any such Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice to Servicer. 
 (iii) Servicer shall pay all amounts set aside and held in trust pursuant to Section 1.3(b) above (and not otherwise applied pursuant to the last sentence of such Section) to the applicable Purchaser Agent for the account of the Affected Parties (A) on the last day of the then current Yield Period for any Rate Tranche not funded by the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes in an amount not exceeding each Committed Purchaser s Tranche Investment of such Rate Tranche (based on information provided by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to Article II ), and (B) on the Settlement Date for each Settlement Period, as provided in Section 3.1 , in an amount not exceeding each Conduit Purchaser s Tranche Investment of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes (based on information provided by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to Article II ), or, in the case of clause (A) or clause (B) above, during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, on such earlier date or dates as any Purchaser Agent shall require on at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice to Servicer. 
 (d) Reduction of Total Investment . The Total Investment, any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment and any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment, shall not be reduced by the amount of Collections set aside pursuant to this Section unless and until such Collections are actually received by 
 11 
 770272219 16509877 

the applicable Purchaser Agent for application hereunder to reduce the Total Investment, the applicable Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment and the applicable Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 ARTICLE II COMPUTATIONAL RULES 
 SECTION 2.1 Selection of Rate Tranches . Subject to the requirements set forth in this Article II , each Purchaser Agent shall from time to time, only for purposes of computing Yield with respect to each Purchaser in its Purchaser Group, account for the Asset Interest in terms of one or more Rate Tranches, and the applicable Yield Rate may be different for each Rate Tranche. Each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment shall be allocated to each Rate Tranche by the related Purchaser Agent to reflect the funding sources for each portion of the Asset Interest, so that 
 (a) there will be one or more Rate Tranches, selected by each Purchaser Agent, reflecting the portion, if any, of the Asset Interest funded or maintained by its related Committed Purchaser other than through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes (including by outstanding Liquidity Advances or by funding under an Enhancement Agreement) and 
 (b) there will be a Rate Tranche, selected by each Purchaser Agent, equal to the excess of such Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Investment over the aggregate amounts allocated at such time pursuant to clause (a) above, which Rate Tranche shall reflect the portion of the Asset Interest funded or maintained by Commercial Paper Notes. 
 SECTION 2.2 Computation of each Purchaser Group Investment and each Purchaser s Tranche Investment . In making any determination of any Total Investment, any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment and any Purchaser s Tranche Investment, the following rules shall apply 
 (a) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment shall not be considered reduced by any allocation, setting aside or distribution of any portion of Collections unless such Collections shall have been actually received by the applicable Purchaser Agent in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (b) each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment (or any other amounts payable under any Transaction Document) shall not be considered reduced (or paid) by any distribution of any portion of Collections or other payments, as applicable, if at any time such distribution or payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason and 
 12 
 770272219 16509877 

(c) if there is any reduction in any Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment, there shall be a corresponding reduction (in the aggregate) in such Purchaser s Tranche Investment with respect to one or more Rate Tranches selected by the related Purchaser Agent in its sole discretion (subject to Section 1.3(c)(iii) ). 
 SECTION 2.3 Computation of Account Debtor Concentration Limit, Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount, Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and Unpaid Balance . In the case of any Account Debtor which is an Affiliate of any other Account Debtor, the Account Debtor Concentration Limit, the Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Pool Receivables of such Account Debtors shall be calculated as if such Account Debtors were one Account Debtor. In the case of any Obligor which is an Affiliate of any other Obligor, the Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Pool Loans of such Obligors shall be calculated as if such Obligors were one Obligor. 
 SECTION 2.4 Computation of Yield . In making any determination of Yield, the following rules shall apply 
 (a) each Purchaser Agent shall determine the Yield accruing with respect to each Rate Tranche for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group, based on the Yield Period therefor determined in accordance with Section 2.1 and the other terms hereof (or, in the case of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes, each Settlement Period), in accordance with the definition of Yield 
 (b) no provision of this Agreement shall require the payment or permit the collection of Yield in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law and 
 (c) Yield for any Rate Tranche shall not be considered paid by any distribution or other payment if at any time such distribution or payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason. 
 SECTION 2.5 Estimates of Yield Rate, Fees, Etc . 
 (a) It is understood and agreed that (a) the Yield Rate for any Rate Tranche may change from one applicable Yield Period or Settlement Period to the next, and the applicable Bank Rate, Base Rate or CP Rate used to calculate the applicable Yield Rate may, to the extent set forth in the definitions thereof contained in Appendix A , change from time to time and at any time during an applicable Yield Period or Settlement Period, (b) any rate information provided by any Purchaser Agent to Seller or Servicer shall be based upon such Purchaser Agent s good faith estimate, (c) the amount of Yield actually accrued with respect to a Rate Tranche during any Yield Period (or, in the case of the Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes, any Settlement Period) may exceed, or be less than, the amount set aside with respect thereto by Servicer, and (d) the amount of fees and amounts provided for in Section 4.3 payable to any Affected Party accrued hereunder with respect to any Settlement Period may exceed, or be less than, the amount set aside with respect thereto by Servicer. Failure to set aside any amount so accrued 
 13 
 770272219 16509877 

shall not relieve Servicer of its obligation to remit Collections to the applicable Purchaser Agent or otherwise to any other Person with respect to such accrued amount, as and to the extent provided in Section 3.1 . 
 (b) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Seller and the Purchaser Agents of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR. 
 SECTION 2.6 Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Daily 1M SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Daily 1M SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Seller. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, Daily 1M SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Seller, the Servicer, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for 
 14 
 770272219 16509877 

any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 ARTICLE III SETTLEMENTS 
 SECTION 3.1 Settlement Procedures . 
 The parties hereto will take the following actions with respect to each Settlement Period 
 (a) Information Package . On the twentieth (20 th day of each calendar month (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) following the Cut-Off Date for such Settlement Period (each a Reporting Date for and related to the Settlement Period ending immediately prior to such date), Servicer shall deliver to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent an e-mail attaching an Excel file and a file in .pdf or similar format signed by Servicer containing the information described in Exhibit 3.1(a) , including the information calculated by Servicer pursuant to this Section 3.1 (each, an Information Package for the related Settlement Period provided that Administrative Agent may modify, in any reasonable respect, the information required to be provided by Servicer in, or the form of, the Information Package upon reasonable prior notice to Servicer provided further that during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent may request, in its sole discretion, Servicer to, and Servicer agrees to, deliver any information related to the Asset Interest or the transactions contemplated hereby as Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent shall request (including a calculation of Required Reserves and each component thereof) on each Business Day. 
 (b) Yield Other Amounts Due . On or before the second (2 nd Business Day prior to the Reporting Date for each Settlement Period, each Purchaser Agent shall notify Servicer of (i) the amount of Yield accrued in respect of each related Rate Tranche for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group during such Settlement Period and (ii) all fees and other amounts accrued and payable or to be paid by Seller under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents on the related Settlement Date (other than amounts described in clause (c) below) to such Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in, or Affected Party related to, its Purchaser Group. Seller (or Servicer on its behalf), on the Settlement Date for such Settlement Period, or when otherwise required hereunder prior to each such date, shall pay such Yield and all fees and other amounts due in respect of such Settlement Period to the applicable Purchaser Agent or Affected Party out of amounts set aside pursuant to Section 1.3 for such purpose and, to the extent such amounts were not so set aside, Seller hereby agrees to pay such amounts (notwithstanding any limitation on recourse or other liability limitation contained herein to pay such amounts) to the applicable Purchaser Agent or Affected Party. 
 15 
 770272219 16509877 

(c) Settlement Computations . 
 (i) Before each Reporting Date, Servicer shall compute, as of the most recent Cut-Off Date and based upon the assumption in the next sentence, (A) the Total Investment, the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group, the Required Reserves, the Required Loan Reserves, the Required Receivable Reserves, the Loan Investment Base, the Receivables Investment Base, the Net Loan Pool Balance, the Net Receivables Pool Balance, the Net Pool Balance and each component of each of the foregoing, (B) the amount of the reduction or increase (if any) in each of the Required Reserves, the Required Receivable Reserves, the Required Loan Reserves, the Net Receivables Pool Balance, the Net Loan Pool Balance, the Net Pool Balance, the Purchaser Group Investment of each Purchaser Group, the Loan Investment Base, the Receivables Investment Base and the Total Investment since the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date, (C) the excess (if any) of the aggregate Total Investment over the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, (D) the excess (if any) of the Total Committed Investment, over the Purchasers Total Commitment, (E) the excess (if any) of the Total Uncommitted Investment, over the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, (F) the excess (if any) of the Purchaser Group Committed Investment of each Purchaser Group, over the Purchaser Group Commitment of each such Purchaser Group, (G) the excess (if any) of the Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment of each Purchaser Group, over each such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount and (H) each of the components of any of the foregoing. Such calculations shall be based upon the assumption that Collections set aside pursuant to Section 1.3(b) (and not otherwise applied in accordance with such Section) will be paid to the applicable Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the related Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment, Purchaser Group Committed Investment or Purchaser Group Investment, as applicable) for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers in its Purchaser Group on the Settlement Date for the Settlement Period related to such Reporting Date. 
 (ii) If, according to the computations made pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 3.1(c) , the Total Investment at such time shall exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, the Total Committed Investment at such time shall exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, the Total Uncommitted Investment at such time shall exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, the Purchaser Group Committed Investment of any Purchaser Group shall exceed the Purchaser Group Commitment of such Purchaser Group or the Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment of any Purchaser Group shall exceed any Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, Servicer shall, on behalf of Seller, (i) promptly notify Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent thereof and (ii) immediately pay to the applicable Purchaser Agents for the benefit of the applicable Purchasers the amount necessary to reduce (A) the Total Committed Investment to no more than the Purchasers Total Commitment, (B) the Total Uncommitted Investment to no more than the 
 16 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, (C) the aggregate Total Investment to no more than the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base at such time, (D) the Purchaser Group Committed Investment of each Purchaser Group to no more than the Purchaser Group Commitment of each such Purchaser Group, (E) the Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment of each Purchaser Group to no more than such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, as applicable. 
 (iii) The payment described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.1(c) shall be made out of amounts set aside pursuant to Section 1.3 for such purpose and, to the extent such amounts were not so set aside, Seller hereby agrees to pay such amounts (notwithstanding any limitation on recourse or other liability limitation contained herein to pay such amounts) to Servicer during the relevant Settlement Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, on any date on or prior to the Final Payout Date, if the Total Investment exceeds the sum of the Loan Investment Base and the Receivables Investment Base at such time, Servicer shall immediately pay to each Purchaser Agent (ratably, based on the Purchaser Group Investment of such Purchaser Agent s Purchaser Group at such time) an amount equal to such excess. 
 (iv) In addition to the payments described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.1(c) , during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Servicer shall pay to each Purchaser Agent the Ratable Share of its Purchaser Group of all other Collections on all Pool Assets, whether or not required to be set aside pursuant to Section 1.3 on the dates specified pursuant to Section 1.3(c) . 
 (d) Order of Application . Servicer (for the benefit of the Affected Parties) shall distribute the funds required to be distributed pursuant to this Section 3.1 with respect to any Settlement Period, in the following order of priority 
 (i) to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Yield) Yield accrued and unpaid on all Rate Tranches for the Purchasers in its Purchaser Group howsoever funded or maintained during the related Settlement Period 
 (ii) to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Unused Fee) the accrued and unpaid Unused Fee for its Purchaser Group and to the accrued and unpaid Program Fee for its Purchaser Group 
 (iii) to the Servicer all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee (if Servicer is not CHS or an Affiliate thereof) 
 (iv) to the Custodian, any fees then due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to that certain Schedule of Fees for Services as Custodian for Cofina 
 17 
 770272219 16509877 

Funding, LLC Seller MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f k a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), Administrative Agent Secured Facility, dated as of July 21, 2016 
 (v) to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Person) accrued and unpaid amounts owed to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent hereunder (including all fees payable to Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Purchasers pursuant to the Fee Letter other than fees paid pursuant to clause (ii) above) 
 (vi) (A) prior to the Liquidation Period or the occurrence of an Event of Default, (I) first , to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the related Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment), the reduction of Total Uncommitted Investment, with respect to each Purchaser Group, and (II) second , to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the related Purchaser Group Committed Investment), the reduction of Total Committed Investment, with respect to each Purchaser Group, in each case of clause (I) and (II) above to the extent such reduction is required under Section 3.1(c) or 3.2(c) and as set forth on a Notice of Payment to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent on the applicable Settlement Date, first , to pay any outstanding Commercial Paper (as defined in the UCC) funding or maintaining the related Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment or Purchaser Group Committed Investment, as applicable, and second , to ratably reduce the remainder of the related Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment or Purchaser Group Committed Investment, as applicable, and (B) during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, to each Purchaser Agent ratably (based on the related Purchaser Group Investment), the reduction of Total Investment, to the extent such reduction is required under Section 3.1(c) or 3.2(c) , with respect to each Purchaser Group, as set forth on a Notice of Payment to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent on the applicable Settlement Date, first , to pay any outstanding Commercial Paper (as defined in the UCC) funding or maintaining the related Purchaser Group Investment and second , to ratably reduce the remainder of the related Purchaser Group Investment 
 (vii) prior to the Liquidation Period, and as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to the Seller to be used as a Reinvestment to acquire additional Pool Assets and Related Assets sold by the Seller since the previous Settlement Date 
 (viii) to (A) the Custodian, any fees and expenses then due and payable to the Custodian pursuant to the Custodian Agreement and not paid pursuant to Section 3.1(d)(iv) above and (B) each Affected Party (or the related Purchaser Agent on their behalf) ratably (based on the aggregate accrued and unpaid Obligations) accrued and unpaid Obligations owed to such Affected Parties 
 18 
 770272219 16509877 

(ix) to the Servicer all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee (if Servicer is CHS or an Affiliate thereof) and 
 (x) to the Seller, any remaining amounts. 
 (e) Non-Distribution of Servicing Fee . If Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent consent (which consent is granted as of the Closing Date but which consent shall be deemed to have been revoked upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), the amounts (if any) set aside by Servicer pursuant to Section 1.3 in respect of the Servicing Fee may be retained by Servicer or any permitted subservicer for its own account. To the extent Servicer sets aside and retains such amounts, no distribution shall be made in respect of such amounts pursuant to clause (d)(iv) or clause (d)(ix) above. 
 SECTION 3.2 Deemed Collections Event of Repurchase Reduction of Total Investment, Etc . 
 (a) Deemed Collections . If, on any day, the Unpaid Balance of a Pool Asset is reduced (but not cancelled) as a result of any Dilution, Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of such reduction. If, on any day, a Pool Asset is canceled (or reduced to zero) as a result of any Dilution, Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of the Unpaid Balance (as determined immediately prior to such Dilution) of such Pool Asset. If, on any day, the Unpaid Balance of a Pool Asset is less than the amount included in calculating the Net Pool Balance for purposes of any Information Package (for any reason other than such Pool Asset becoming a Defaulted Loan or Defaulted Receivable, as applicable, or due to the application of Collections received with respect to such Pool Asset), Seller shall be deemed to have received a Collection of such Pool Asset in the amount of such difference. Any amount deemed to have been received under this Section 3.2(a) shall constitute a Deemed Collection . In the event of any such Deemed Collection, Seller shall, if (i) the Liquidation Period has commenced, or (ii) the aggregate Total Investment at such time exceeds the sum of the Loan Investment Base and Receivables Investment Base at such time after giving effect to such Deemed Collection, deposit an amount equal to such Deemed Collection into the Concentration Account by no later than the fourth (4 th Business Day after Seller or Servicer obtains knowledge or notice thereof (or during the Liquidation Period, within two (2) Business Days from the event giving rise to such Deemed Collection) for application as provided in this Agreement. 
 (b) Repurchase Event . If any of the following events (each, an Event of Repurchase occurs and is continuing with respect to a Pool Asset 
 (i) any representation or warranty by Seller hereunder with respect to such Pool Asset is incorrect either (A) in any material respect or (B) in any manner that adversely affects the value or collectability of such Pool Asset, in each case, when made or deemed made 
 19 
 770272219 16509877 

(ii) Seller or Servicer fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement with respect to such Pool Asset set forth in any Transaction Document or any related Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents, as applicable, on its part to be performed or observed and such failure shall or could reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the ability to collect the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Asset on the due date thereof or 
 (iii) either (A) Seller or Servicer instructs the related Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any amount with respect to such Pool Asset to an account other than a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, a Collection Account or the Concentration Account or (B) the related Account Debtor or Obligor refuses to make any payment to a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, a Collection Account or the Concentration Account (unless to the extent such refusal to pay is due to the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to such Account Debtor or Obligor)), 
 then, Seller shall immediately deliver notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and, at the time, in the manner and otherwise as hereinafter set forth, repurchase such Pool Asset at the Administrative Agent s option and demand provided , however , that if a Sale Agreement Event of Repurchase (as defined in the Sale Agreement) shall have occurred under the Sale Agreement with respect to such Pool Asset, then such event shall also constitute an Event of Repurchase for purposes of this Agreement. The repurchase price for a Pool Asset shall be the amount equal to the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Asset at such time and shall be paid to the Concentration Account in immediately available funds by no later than the second (2 nd Business Day following demand therefor by the Administrative Agent. Upon the payment in full of the repurchase price with respect to a Pool Asset, such Pool Asset shall hereby be, and be deemed to be, repurchased by Seller from the applicable Purchasers without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser but free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other Adverse Claim created by or through the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser. Except as specifically set forth in this clause (b) , the Seller shall not have any right or obligation to repurchase Pool Assets. 
 (c) Seller s Optional Reduction of Total Investment . Subject to Sections 1.2(a) and 4.3 , Seller may at any time and from time to time elect to reduce (in whole or in part) Total Investment as follows 
 (i) Seller shall give Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent a Notice of Payment with respect to such elected reduction (including the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction will commence) no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed reduction date 
 (ii) on the proposed date of commencement of such reduction and on each day thereafter, Servicer shall refrain from reinvesting Collections pursuant to 
 20 
 770272219 16509877 

Section 1.3 until the amount thereof not so reinvested shall equal the desired amount of reduction and 
 (iii) Servicer shall hold such Collections in trust for Purchasers, pending payment to the applicable Purchaser Agents, as provided in Section 1.3 provided that 
 (A) the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than 5,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of 100,000 and 
 (B) Seller shall use reasonable efforts to choose a reduction amount, and the date of commencement thereof, so that such reduction shall commence and conclude in the same Settlement Period. 
 (d) No Further Reinvestments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including Section 3.1 ), after giving effect to any reduction of the Total Investment under Section 3.2(c) , or otherwise, which reduces the Total Investment to zero, so long as there are no outstanding amounts constituting liabilities or other obligations of Seller, any Originator, Servicer or Performance Guarantor hereunder or under any other Transaction Document owing to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, Administrative Agent, any Indemnified Party or any Affected Party, no further Reinvestments shall be made unless and until a new Purchase is made in accordance with Sections 1.1 and 1.2 . 
 (e) Seller s Optional Reduction of Purchaser s Total Commitment . Seller may at any time and from time to time elect to reduce the unused portion of the Purchaser s Total Commitment by giving the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent a Notice of Payment with respect to such elected reduction (including the amount of such proposed reduction and the proposed date on which such reduction will commence) no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) 30 days prior to the proposed reduction date provided that the amount of any such reduction shall be not less than 5,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of 100,000. Any such reduction shall be applied pro rata to the Commitment of each Committed Purchaser. 
 SECTION 3.3 Payments and Computations, Etc . 
 (a) Payments . All amounts to be paid to, or deposited by Seller, Servicer, CHS or Performance Guarantor with, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any other Person hereunder (other than amounts payable under Section 4.2 shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the day when due in USD in same day funds to the applicable account set forth on Schedule I or to such other account as Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent, as applicable, shall designate in writing to Servicer from time to time. 
 (b) Late Payments . Seller or Servicer, as applicable, shall, out of amounts set aside pursuant to Section 1.3 for such purpose and to the extent permitted by Applicable 
 21 
 770272219 16509877 

Law, pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the applicable Affected Party, interest on all amounts not paid or deposited by such party on the date when due hereunder at an annual rate equal to 2.0 above the Base Rate, payable on demand provided that such interest rate shall not at any time exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable Law. 
 (c) Method of Computation . All computations of interest, Yield, any fees payable under Section 4.1 and any other fees payable by Seller to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party in connection with Purchases hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) elapsed (except that calculations with respect to the Prime Rate shall be on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be). 
 (d) Payment of Currency and Setoff . All payments by Seller or Servicer to any Affected Party or any other Person shall be made in USD and without set-off or counterclaim. Any of Seller s or Servicer s obligations hereunder shall not be satisfied by any tender or recovery of another currency except to the extent such tender or recovery results in receipt of the full amount of USD. 
 (e) Taxes . (i) Except to the extent required by Applicable Law, any and all payments and deposits required to be made hereunder, under any other Transaction Document or under any instrument delivered hereunder or thereunder to any Affected Party or otherwise hereunder or thereunder by Seller or Servicer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any and all present or future Taxes. If Seller or Servicer shall be required by Applicable Law to make any such withholding or deduction, (A) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall make an additional payment to such Affected Party, in an amount sufficient so that, after making all required withholdings or deductions (including withholdings or deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.3(e) ), such Affected Party receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholdings or deductions been made, (B) Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall make such deductions and (C) Seller (or Servicer, on its behalf) shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law. 
 (ii) Seller will indemnify each Affected Party for the full amount of (A) Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section paid by such Affected Party, as the case may be, and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) paid or payable by such Affected Party arising therefrom or with respect thereto) and (B) Taxes that arise because a Purchase or the Asset Interest is not treated for U.S. federal, state or local income or franchise tax purposes as intended under Section 1.2(e) (such indemnification will include any U.S. federal, state or local income and franchise taxes necessary to make such Affected Party whole on an 
 22 
 770272219 16509877 

after-tax basis taking into account the taxability of receipt of payments under the this clause (B) and any reasonable expenses (other than Taxes) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from the foregoing). Any indemnification under this Section 3.3(e)(ii) shall be paid on the next Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days) after the date any Affected Party makes written demand therefor, together with a statement of reasons for such demand and the calculations of such amount. Such calculations, absent manifest error, shall be final and conclusive on all parties. 
 (iii) Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes withheld by any of Seller or Servicer, as applicable, in respect of any payment to any Affected Party, Seller or Servicer, as applicable, will furnish to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof (or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent). 
 (iv) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement contained herein, the agreements and obligations contained in this Section shall survive the payment in full of Obligations hereunder. 
 (v) Any Affected Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to CHS and Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Affected Party, if reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent as will enable CHS or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Affected Party is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 
 (vi) Any Affected Party that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (a U.S. Person shall deliver to CHS and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Affected Party becomes a Affected Party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of CHS or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Affected Party is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. 
 (vii) Any Affected Party that is not a U.S. Person (a Foreign Affected Party shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to CHS and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the 
 23 
 770272219 16509877 

recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Affected Party becomes an Affected Party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of CHS or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Affected Party claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Affected Party claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Affected Party is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Affected Party is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Affected Party is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Affected Party are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Affected Party may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. 
 (viii) If a payment made to a Purchaser under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Purchaser were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Purchaser shall deliver to CHS and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by CHS or Administrative Agent 
 24 
 770272219 16509877 

as may be necessary for CHS and Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Purchaser has complied with such Purchaser s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (viii) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 
 (ix) Each Purchaser Agent (on behalf of its related Purchasers) agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Seller and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 SECTION 3.4 Treatment of Collections and Deemed Collections . Seller shall immediately deliver to Servicer all Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments, and Servicer shall hold or distribute such Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments as Yield, accrued Servicing Fee, repayment of Total Investment or as otherwise applicable hereunder to the same extent as if such Collections had actually been received on the date of such delivery to Servicer. So long as Seller or Servicer shall hold any Collections (including Deemed Collections and Repurchase Payments) required to be paid to Servicer, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent, Seller or Servicer shall hold and apply such Collections in accordance with Section 1.3 and Section 3.2 , as applicable, and shall clearly mark its records to reflect the same. Seller shall promptly enforce all obligations of Originators under the Sale Agreement, including, payment of Deemed Collections (as defined in the Sale Agreement). 
 SECTION 3.5 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Purchaser, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Purchaser (such Purchaser or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under the immediately succeeding clause (b) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Purchaser or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Purchaser shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to), promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was 
 25 
 770272219 16509877 

received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a) , each Purchaser or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Purchaser, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, repayment or prepayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Purchaser or such other recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case 
 (i) (A) in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y) , an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z) ), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 (ii) such Purchaser shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one (1) Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.5 . 
 (c) Each Purchaser hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Purchaser under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Purchaser from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under the immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the immediately preceding clause (a) , from any Purchaser that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Purchaser at any time, (i) such Purchaser shall 
 26 
 770272219 16509877 

be deemed to have assigned its portion of the related Purchaser Group Investment (but not its Commitments) (the Subject Investment with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Investment in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Subject Investment (but not the Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Investment, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with Seller) deemed to execute and deliver an assignment agreement with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Purchaser shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Purchaser shall become a Purchaser hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Purchaser shall cease to be a Purchaser hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Purchaser, and (iv) the Administrative Agent may cause to be reflected in the Register its ownership interest in the Subject Investment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Subject Investment acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Purchaser shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Subject Investment (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Purchaser (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Purchaser and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Subject Investment (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Purchaser under the Transaction Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by Seller, CHS or CHS Capital, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from Seller, CHS or CHS Capital or Collections of any Receivable or Loan for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to 
 27 
 770272219 16509877 

any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 3.5 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Purchaser, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document. 
 ARTICLE IV FEES AND YIELD PROTECTION 
 SECTION 4.1 Fees . From the Effective Date until the Final Payout Date, Seller and CHS, jointly and severally, shall pay to Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser, as applicable, all fees specified in the Fee Letter or any other Transaction Document in accordance with the terms of the Fee Letter, such Transaction Document and this Agreement. 
 SECTION 4.2 Yield Protection . 
 (a) If any Regulatory Change including any Specified Regulation 
 (i) shall subject an Affected Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to any Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded by it (or its participation in any of the foregoing), or any obligations or right to make Purchases or Reinvestments or to provide funding or maintenance therefor (or its participation in any of the foregoing), or shall change the basis of taxation of payments to the Affected Party or other Indemnified Party of Total Investment or Yield owned by, owed to, funded or maintained in whole or in part by it (or its participation in any of the foregoing) or any other amounts due under this Agreement in respect of the Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded by it or its obligations or rights, if any, to make or participate in Purchases or Reinvestments or to provide funding therefor or the maintenance thereof 
 (ii) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of any Affected Party, deposits or obligations with or for the account of any Affected Party or with or for the account of any Affiliate (or entity deemed by the Federal Reserve Board or other Governmental Authority to be an affiliate) of any Affected Party, or credit extended by any Affected Party 
 (iii) shall impose any other condition affecting any Asset Interest owned, maintained or funded (or participated in) in whole or in part by any Affected Party, or its obligations or rights, if any, to make (or participate in) 
 28 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchases or Reinvestments or to provide (or to participate in) funding therefor or the maintenance thereof 
 (iv) shall increase the rate for, or changes the manner in which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or a successor thereto) or similar Person assesses, deposit insurance premiums or similar charges which an Affected Party is obligated to pay or 
 (v) shall increase the amount of capital or liquidity maintained or required or requested or directed to be maintained by any Affected Party 
 and the result of any of the foregoing is or would be, in each case, as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent or the applicable Affected Party 
 (A) to increase the cost to (or impose a cost on) (1) an Affected Party funding or making or maintaining any Purchases or Reinvestments, any purchases, reinvestments, or loans or other extensions of credit under any Liquidity Agreement, any Enhancement Agreement or any commitment (hereunder or under any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement) of such Affected Party with respect to any of the foregoing, or (2) any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent for continuing its relationship with any Purchaser 
 (B) to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by an Affected Party under this Agreement, any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement) with respect thereto or 
 (C) (i) to reduce the rate of return on the capital of such Affected Party as a consequence of its obligations hereunder, under any Liquidity Agreement or under any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement), including its funding or maintenance of any portion of the Asset Interest, or arising in connection herewith (or therewith) to a level below that which such Affected Party could otherwise have achieved hereunder or thereunder or (ii) to increase the liquidity required of such Affected Party as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or under any Liquidity Agreement or any Enhancement Agreement (or its participation in any such Liquidity Agreement or Enhancement Agreement), including its funding or maintenance of any portion of the Asset Interest, or arising in connection herewith (or therewith) to a level greater than that which such Affected Party could otherwise have achieved hereunder or thereunder, 
 then, subject to Section 4.2(d) below, on the Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period or after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with the terms 
 29 
 770272219 16509877 

of this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days) following its receipt of notice from such Affected Party (or by the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) in accordance with Section 4.2(c) below, Seller shall pay directly to such Affected Party such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party for such additional or increased cost or such reduction or liquidity increase provided that such additional amount or amounts shall not be payable with respect to any Regulatory Change for any period in excess of 180 days prior to the date of demand by the Affected Party unless (1) the effect of such Regulatory Change was retroactive by its terms to a period prior to the date of such Regulatory Change, in which case any additional amount or amounts shall be payable for the retroactive period but only if the Affected Party provides its written demand not later than 180 days after such Regulatory Change or (2) the Affected Party reasonably and in good faith did not believe such Regulatory Change resulted in such an additional or increased cost or charge or such a reduction during such prior period. 
 (b) Each Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf), shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Seller and Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge which will entitle such Affected Party to compensation pursuant to this Section 4.2 provided that no failure to give or delay in giving such notification shall adversely affect the rights of any Affected Party to such compensation. 
 (c) In determining any amount provided for or referred to in this Section 4.2 , an Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods that it, in its reasonable discretion, shall deem applicable. Any Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) when making a claim under this Section 4.2 shall submit to Seller and Administrative Agent a written statement of such increased cost or reduced return, which statement, in the absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive and binding upon Seller. 
 (d) Except as set forth above in this Section 4.2 , failure or delay on the part of any Affected Party (or Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent) to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Party s (or the Administrative Agent s or a Purchaser Agent s on its behalf) right to demand such compensation. 
 SECTION 4.3 Funding Losses . If any Affected Party incurs any cost, loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party), at any time, as a result of (a) any optional or required settlement or repayment with respect to such Purchaser s Tranche Investment of any Rate Tranche, howsoever funded, being made on any day other than the scheduled last day of an applicable Yield Period with respect thereto, (b) any Purchase not being completed by Seller in accordance with its request therefor under Section 1.2 , (c) the failure to exercise or complete (in accordance with Section 3.2(c) any reduction in Total Investment elected to be made under Section 3.2(c) , (d) any reduction in Total Investment elected under Section 3.2(c) exceeding the total amount of Rate Tranches, howsoever funded, with respect to 
 30 
 770272219 16509877 

which the last day of the related Yield Period is the date of such reduction or (e) any other mandatory or voluntary reduction in Total Investment (each, a Loss Event ), then, upon written notice from such Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) to Seller and Servicer, Seller shall pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent for the account of the applicable Affected Parties, on the next Settlement Date (or during the Liquidation Period, after the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, within two (2) Business Days from the receipt of such notice) the amount of such cost, loss or expense. Such written notice shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon Seller. If an Affected Party incurs any cost, loss or expense (including any loss or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Affected Party), at any time, and is not entitled to reimbursement for such loss or expense in the manner set forth above, such Affected Party shall individually bear such loss or expense without recourse to, or payment from, any other Affected Party provided that such additional amount or amounts shall not be payable with respect to any Loss Event for any period in excess of 180 days prior to the date of demand by the Affected Party unless the Affected Party reasonably and in good faith did not believe such Loss Event resulted in such a loss during such prior period. 
 (a) Each Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf), shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Seller and Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge which will entitle such Affected Party to compensation pursuant to this Section 4.3 provided that no failure to give or delay in giving such notification shall adversely affect the rights of any Affected Party to such compensation. 
 (b) In determining any amount provided for or referred to in this Section 4.3 , an Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods that it, in its reasonable discretion, shall deem applicable. Any Affected Party (or the Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) when making a claim under this Section 4.3 shall submit to Seller and Administrative Agent a written statement of such increased cost or reduced return, which statement, in the absence of manifest error, shall be conclusive and binding upon Seller. 
 (c) Except as set forth above in this Section 4.3 , failure or delay on the part of any Affected Party (or Administrative Agent or a Purchaser Agent on its behalf) to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Party s (or the Administrative Agent s or a Purchaser Agent s on its behalf) right to demand such compensation. 
 SECTION 4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Seller may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 
 31 
 770272219 16509877 

p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Purchasers and the Seller so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Committed Purchasers comprising the Required Purchasers. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 4.4(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Seller and the Purchasers of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Seller of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 4.4(d) . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) pursuant to this Section 4.4 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 4.4 . 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a 
 32 
 770272219 16509877 

screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Seller s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, none of the Purchasers or Purchaser Agents shall allocate any Rate Tranche with respect to Purchases made during such period or reallocate any Rate Tranches allocated to any then existing Yield Period ending during such period, to a Rate Tranche for which Yield is calculated by reference to Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, as applicable. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 SECTION 4.5 Illegality . If any Purchaser determines that any Applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Purchaser or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Purchases or Rate Tranches whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Purchaser to the Seller (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of the Purchasers to allocate Rate Tranches for Purchases or the Total Investment for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, as applicable, shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate on which Rate Tranches for which the Yield Rate is the Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate , in each case until such Purchaser notifies the Administrative Agent and the Seller that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) all Rate Tranches for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, as applicable, shall automatically be re-allocated to a Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is the Base Rate (the interest rate on which Rate Tranche of such Purchaser shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), on the last day of the Yield Period therefor (in the case of a Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR), if all affected Purchasers may lawfully continue to maintain such Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR to such day, or immediately, in the case of any Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is Daily 1M SOFR or, in the case of any Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR, if any Purchaser may not lawfully continue to maintain such Rate Tranche to such day, and (ii) if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate, in each case until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by each affected 
 33 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchaser that it is no longer illegal for such Purchaser to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR. 
 SECTION 4.6 Inability to Determine Rates . Subject to Section 4.4, if (x) on or prior to the first day of any Yield Period for any Rate Tranche with a Yield Rate that is Term SOFR or (y) on any date for any Rate Tranche with a Yield Rate that is Daily 1M SOFR 
 (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, 
 (b) the Required Purchasers (calculated without giving effect to the Commitment of the PNC Purchaser Group) determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Yield Period does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Purchasers of funding such Purchaser s Total Investment, and the Required Purchasers have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent or 
 (c) the Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group determines that for any reason that Daily 1M SOFR for any day in any Yield Period does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the PNC Purchaser Group of funding such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment, and the Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group has provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, 
 the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Seller and each Purchaser. 
 Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Seller, any obligation of the Purchasers to allocate Rate Tranches for Purchases or Total Investment for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, as applicable, shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (b) , at the instruction of the Required Purchasers) revokes such notice or the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (c) , at the instruction of the Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, any Rate Tranche for any Purchase or Total Investment for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR or Daily 1M SOFR, as applicable, shall be automatically be converted into a Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is the Base Rate at the end of the applicable Yield Period. Subject to Section 4.4 , if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the Yield Rate for any Rate Tranche that is the Base Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. 
 34 
 770272219 16509877 

ARTICLE V 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 SECTION 5.1 Closing Date . The parties hereto acknowledge that the Original Agreement became effective on the Closing Date. 
 SECTION 5.2 Effective Date . This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date, or such later date as all of the conditions in this Section 5.2 have been satisfied. The occurrence of the Effective Date is subject to the condition precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received, on or before such date, the following, each (unless otherwise indicated) dated such date or another recent date reasonably acceptable to the Required Purchasers and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Purchasers 
 (a) A copy of the resolutions or unanimous written consent, as applicable, of the board of directors or board of managers, as the case may be, of each of Seller, Originators, Servicer and Performance Guarantor required to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of each Transaction Document to be delivered by it hereunder and the transactions contemplated thereby, certified by its secretary or any other authorized person. 
 (b) A certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the applicable state or organization as to the legal existence and good standing of Seller, Servicer, Originators and Performance Guarantor. 
 (c) A certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each of Seller, Servicer, Originators and Performance Guarantor certifying attached copies of the organizational documents of such Person and all documents evidencing necessary limited liability company or corporate action (as the case may be) to be taken by and governmental approvals, if any, to be obtained by such Person with respect to this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith. 
 (d) A counterpart of each of this Agreement, the Fee Letter and the Effective Date Amendments, fully executed by the parties thereto. 
 (e) Completed requests for information (UCC search results) dated within 30 days prior to the Effective Date, and a schedule thereof listing all effective financing statements filed in the appropriate states of formation or incorporation, as applicable, of each of CHS, CHS Capital and Seller that name CHS, CHS Capital and Seller as debtor, together with copies of all such financing statements filed against CHS, CHS Capital and Seller and acknowledgment copies of proper termination statements (Form UCC-3) necessary to evidence the release of all security interests, ownership and other rights of 
 35 
 770272219 16509877 

any Person previously granted by CHS, CHS Capital and Seller in the Pool Assets and the Related Assets. 
 (f) Favorable opinions of legal counsel to Seller, each Originator, Servicer and Performance Guarantor, including legal opinions as to general organizational matters, enforceability, no conflicts with laws and agreements, security interest creation, attachment and perfection, the Volcker Rule and true sale and non-consolidation matters. 
 (g) A copy of the Information Package as of the Effective Date. 
 (h) A certificate of a Responsible Officer of each of Originators and Seller certifying that (i) no effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets is on file in any recording office and (ii) none of the financing statements included in the UCC search results referenced in clause (e) above describe any Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets. 
 (i) Such other agreements, instruments, certificates and documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 SECTION 5.3 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments . Each Purchase (including the initial Purchase) and each Reinvestment hereunder shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of such Purchase or Reinvestment, the following statements shall be true (and Seller, by accepting the amount of such Purchase or by receiving the proceeds of such Reinvestment, shall be deemed to have certified that) 
 (a) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI , in the Sale Agreement and in each other Transaction Document that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such day as though made on and as of such day (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period) 
 (b) no event has occurred and is continuing or would result from such Purchase or Reinvestment, that constitutes an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event 
 (c) after giving effect to each proposed Purchase or Reinvestment, (i) with respect to any Purchaser Group, (x) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and (y) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, (ii) the Total Committed Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (iii) the Total Uncommitted Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, and (iv) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base 
 36 
 770272219 16509877 

(d) solely with respect to an Uncommitted Purchase, each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment is greater than or equal to each such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and 
 (e) the Purchase Termination Date has not occurred. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 SECTION 6.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller . Seller represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date and as of each date on which a Purchase or Reinvestment is made, as follows 
 (a) Seller is a limited liability company duly formed and existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware has all necessary limited liability company power to carry on its present business and has made all necessary filings in order to be licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its limited liability company powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its organizational documents, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any Contractual Obligation of or affecting Seller or any of its properties, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 (c) Each Transaction Document to which Seller is a party has been duly executed and delivered by Seller. 
 (d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by Seller of each Transaction Document to which it is party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder. 
 (e) Each Transaction Document to which Seller is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other 
 37 
 770272219 16509877 

laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). 
 (f) There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting Seller or its properties before any Governmental Authority which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
 (g) Seller is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to Seller. 
 (h) Since the date of the Seller s most recent audited financial statements, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to Seller. 
 (i) No Change of Control has occurred. 
 (j) All assets of Seller are free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Internal Revenue Service, any employee benefit plan, the PBGC or similar entity. 
 (k) All information furnished by or on behalf of Seller to the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party for purposes of or in connection with any Information Package, the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby is, at the time the same is furnished, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects and such information does not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 (l) Seller has not changed its name or the location of its jurisdiction of formation since the Formation Date. 
 (m) Seller (i) is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, without reliance of Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, and (ii) is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule. In determining that Seller is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule, Seller is entitled to rely on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Rule 3c-5(A) of the Investment Company Act. 
 (n) No transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 (o) Each Asset included in the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on the date of any Purchase or Reinvestment or on the date of any Information Package was an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on such date. Upon and after giving effect to any Purchase or Reinvestment to be made on such date, sufficient Eligible Receivables exist in the Receivables Pool and sufficient 
 38 
 770272219 16509877 

Eligible Loans exist in the Loan Pool such that (i) the Total Committed Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Total Uncommitted Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, and (iii) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base. 
 (p) Each sale of an Asset and the Related Assets to Seller under the Sale Agreement constitutes the absolute and irrevocable sale and transfer of all right, title and interest of such Originator in such Asset and Related Security to Seller and no further action, including any filing or recording of any document or any notice to, license from or approval from any Governmental Authority is necessary in order to establish the ownership interest of Seller effected by such sale or to permit Seller to service, enforce or otherwise collect such Asset from the related Account Debtor or Obligor. 
 (q) The Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in the Seller Assets, free and clear of any Adverse Claim. 
 (r) No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event. 
 (s) Seller is in compliance in all material respects with the Receivable Documentation relating to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents relating to the Pool Loans, and none of (i) the Pool Receivables or the Receivable Documentation related thereto or (ii) the Pool Loans or the Loan Documents related thereto are subject to any defense, dispute, Dilution or any offset, counterclaim or other defense, whether arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or independently thereof. 
 (t) No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets is on file in any recording office (except any financing statements or other instruments filed pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), and, to the knowledge of Seller, no competing notice or notice inconsistent with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is in effect with respect to any Account Debtor or Obligor. 
 (u) Seller has filed all material tax returns and reports required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it and has paid all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges thereby shown to be owing by it, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
 (v) Seller is, and shall at all relevant times continue to be, a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3. 
 39 
 770272219 16509877 

(w) The facts regarding Seller, each Originator, Servicer, Performance Guarantor, the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
 (x) No sale, contribution or assignment of Assets under the Sale Agreement constitutes a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under any United States federal or applicable state bankruptcy or insolvency laws or is otherwise void or voidable under such or similar laws or principles or for any other reason. 
 (y) All Pool Assets (i) were originated by CHS or CHS Capital in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) were sold by CHS or CHS Capital to Seller for fair consideration and reasonably equivalent value and (iii) solely with respect to Pool Receivables, represent all, or a portion of the purchase price of merchandise, insurance or services within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 
 (z) Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of Seller that are designed to achieve compliance by Seller, Originators and each of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities, and Seller, Originators, their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, officers, employees, and directors, and, to the knowledge of Seller, agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from the credit facility established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws, and Sanctions. (i) None of Seller, Originators or any of their Subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers, or employees, or, to the knowledge of Seller, agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or directly benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) neither Seller, Originators nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country and (iii) neither Seller nor any Originator has violated, been found in violation of or is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws, or of any Sanctions. No Purchase or Reinvestment or use of proceeds thereof by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates will be used in any manner that will violate Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Sanctions. 
 (aa) Seller does not have outstanding any security of any kind except membership interests issued to CHS in connection with its organization, and has not incurred, assumed, guaranteed or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for, or in respect of, any Debt and no Person has any commitment or other arrangement to extend credit to Seller, in each case, other than as will occur in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 (bb) The use of all funds obtained by Seller under this Agreement will not conflict with or contravene any of Regulations T, U and X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 40 
 770272219 16509877 

(cc) None of the Seller, any Affiliate of the Seller or any third party with which the Seller or any Affiliate thereof has contracted has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Purchaser Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Purchaser Agent. 
 (dd) Each of the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC. The Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account are in the name of the Seller, and the Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account free and clear of any Adverse Claim. The Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Seller Account Agreement relating to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Concentration Account or the Seller Collection Accounts, as applicable, without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account. 
 (ee) Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC. Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts is in the name of an Originator, and such Originator owns and has good and marketable title to the such accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim. The Originator has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Originator Account Agreement relating to the Originator Collection Accounts, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Originator Collection Accounts without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts. 
 (ff) Seller has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy and has not, since the Effective Date, made any changes in the Credit and Collection Policy that would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (gg) Each remittance of Collections by or on behalf of Seller to Administrative Agent under this Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of Seller and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of Seller. 
 41 
 770272219 16509877 

(hh) Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Date, no event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, (i) an Event of Default, (ii) an Unmatured Event of Default, (iii) a Servicer Termination Event or (iv) an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event, in each case, as such capitalized terms in clauses (i) through (iv) are defined in the Original Agreement. 
 (ii) Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Date, each of the representations and warranties of the Seller contained in the Original Agreement that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period). 
 (jj) As of the Omnibus Amendment Effective Date, Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a Beneficial Ownership Certification and the information included in such Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 SECTION 6.2 Representations and Warranties of CHS . CHS, individually and as Servicer, represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date and as of each date on which a Purchase or Reinvestment is made, as follows 
 (a) CHS is a corporation duly formed and existing in good standing and whose by-laws provide that it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota has all necessary corporate power to carry on its present business and has made all necessary filings in order to be licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business transacted by it or the nature of the property owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary and in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a Material Adverse Change with respect to CHS. 
 (b) The execution, delivery and performance by Servicer of each Transaction Document to which it is party and each other document to be delivered by it thereunder, (i) are within its corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (iii) do not contravene, violate or breach (1) its by-laws or its other organizational documents, (2) any Applicable Law, (3) any Contractual Obligation of or affecting Servicer or any of its properties, or (4) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property and (iv) do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 (c) Each Transaction Document to which Servicer is party has been duly executed and delivered by Servicer. 
 42 
 770272219 16509877 

(d) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, license from or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by Servicer of each Transaction Document to which it is party or any other document to be delivered by it thereunder. 
 (e) Each Transaction Document to which Servicer is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Servicer, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought at equity or law). 
 (f) There is no pending or, to its knowledge, threatened action, proceeding, investigation or injunction, writ or restraining order affecting Servicer or any of its Affiliates before any Governmental Authority which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer. 
 (g) Servicer is Solvent and no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to Servicer. 
 (h) Since the date of the Servicer s most recent audited financial statements, no Material Adverse Change or event which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to Servicer. 
 (i) No Change of Control has occurred. 
 (j) All information furnished by or on behalf of Servicer to the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party for purposes of or in connection with any Information Package, the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated thereby is, at the time the same is furnished, taken as a whole, true and accurate in all material respects and such information does not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
 (k) Servicer is not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 (l) No transaction contemplated by the Sale Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 (m) Each Asset included in the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on the date of any Purchase or Reinvestment or on the date of any Information Package was an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, on such date. Upon and after giving effect to any Purchase or Reinvestment to be made on such date, sufficient Eligible Receivables exist in the Receivables Pool and sufficient 
 43 
 770272219 16509877 

Eligible Loans exist in the Loan Pool such that (i) the Total Committed Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Total Uncommitted Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, and (iii) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base. 
 (n) Since the Effective Date, there has been no material adverse change in the ability of Servicer to service, enforce or otherwise collect the Pool Assets and the Related Security. 
 (o) No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, or would result from any Purchase or Reinvestment hereunder, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event. 
 (p) Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the Receivable Documentation relating to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents relating to the Pool Loans, and none of the (i) Pool Receivables or the Receivable Documentation related thereto and (ii) Pool Loans or the Loan Documents related thereto are subject to any defense, dispute, Dilution or any offset, counterclaim or other defense, whether arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or independently thereof. 
 (q) No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets is on file in any recording office (except any financing statements or other instruments filed pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document), and, to the knowledge of Servicer, no competing notice or notice inconsistent with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement is in effect with respect to any Account Debtor or Obligor. 
 (r) Servicer has filed all material tax returns and reports required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it and has paid all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges, to its knowledge, owing by it, other than any such taxes, assessments or charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
 (s) The facts regarding Seller, each Originator, Servicer, Performance Guarantor, the Pool Assets, the Related Assets and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 
 (t) Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of CHS that are designed to achieve compliance by CHS and each of its respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions, giving due regard to the nature of such Person s business and activities, and CHS, its respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, officers, 
 44 
 770272219 16509877 

employees and directors, and, to the knowledge of CHS, agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from the credit facility established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws, and Sanctions. (i) None of CHS or any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, directors, officers or employees, or, to the knowledge of CHS, agents that will act in any capacity in connection with or directly benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) neither CHS nor any of its Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country and (iii) CHS has not violated, been found in violation of or is under investigation by any Governmental Authority for possible violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws, or of any Sanctions. No Purchase or Reinvestment or use of proceeds thereof by CHS or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates will be used in any manner that will violate Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Sanctions. 
 (u) None of the Servicer, any Affiliate of the Servicer or any third party with which the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof has contracted has delivered, in writing or orally, to any Rating Agency, any Transaction Information without providing such Transaction Information to the applicable Purchaser Agent prior to delivery to such Rating Agency and has not participated in any oral communications with respect to Transaction Information with any Rating Agency without the participation of such Purchaser Agent. 
 (v) Each of the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC. The Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account are in the name of the Seller, and the Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account free and clear of any Adverse Claim. The Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Seller Account Agreement relating to the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Concentration Account or the Seller Collection Accounts, as applicable, without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Concentration Account and each Seller Collection Account. 
 (w) Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts constitutes a deposit account within the meaning of the applicable UCC. Each of the Originator Collection Accounts and Originator Specified Accounts is in the name of an Originator, and such Originator owns and has good and marketable title to such accounts free and clear of any Adverse Claim. The Originator has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Originator Account Agreement relating to the Originator Collection Accounts, pursuant to which the applicable Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing the disposition of funds in the Originator Collection Accounts without further consent by 
 45 
 770272219 16509877 

the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over the Originator Collection Accounts. 
 (x) Servicer has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy and has not, since the Effective Date, made any changes in the Credit and Collection Policy that would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer without the consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (y) Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Date, no event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists, that constitutes, individually or in the aggregate, (i) an Event of Default, (ii) an Unmatured Event of Default, (iii) a Servicer Termination Event or (iv) an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event, in each case, as such capitalized terms in clauses (i) through (iv) are defined in the Original Agreement. 
 (z) Immediately prior to and as of the Effective Date, each of the representations and warranties of CHS contained in the Original Agreement that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of the Effective Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period). 
 ARTICLE VII GENERAL COVENANTS OF SELLER AND SERVICER 
 SECTION 7.1 Covenants of Seller . From the Effective Date until the Final Payout Date 
 (a) Existence . Seller will preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its limited liability company existence and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business. Seller will at all times be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction of organization. Seller will keep its principal place of business and chief executive office and the office where it keeps its records concerning the Pool Assets (unless then held by the Custodian) at the address set forth in Schedule 13.2 or, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent or otherwise necessary to protect, perfect and maintain the Administrative Agent s ownership and security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets have been taken and completed. 
 46 
 770272219 16509877 

(b) Compliance with Laws . Seller will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to it, the Pool Receivables and the Receivable Documentation and the Pool Loans and the Loan Documents. 
 (c) Books and Records . Seller will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any computer files, to indicate which Assets have been pledged to the Administrative Agent. Seller will maintain such books and accounts in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over it. Other than Custodian File held by Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Seller will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing (i) Receivables and related Receivable Documentation and (ii) Loans and related Loan Documents in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Pool Assets (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Asset and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Asset). 
 (d) Sales, Liens and Debt . Seller will not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon or with respect to, the Pool Assets or any other Seller Assets or upon or with respect to any account or lockbox to which Collections are required to be sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof, in each case, except the dispositions to the Administrative Agent contemplated hereunder and the Adverse Claims in favor of the Administrative Agent created hereunder. 
 (e) Extension or Amendment of Assets . Seller will not (i) extend, or otherwise amend or modify the payment terms under any Pool Asset or (ii) otherwise waive or permit or agree to any deviation from the terms or conditions of any Pool Asset. Seller will not take, or cause to be taken, any action that reduces the amount payable of any Pool Asset or materially impairs the full and timely collection thereof. 
 (f) Audits and Visits . Seller will, upon reasonable advance notice of not less than five (5) Business Days (or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), during regular business hours, permit the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent and representatives thereof at Seller s expense, (i) to examine and make abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets, including the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in clause (i) above, and, subject to the foregoing, to discuss matters relating to Pool Assets or its performance hereunder or under the related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters, in each case, at such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably be desired by the Administrative 
 47 
 770272219 16509877 

Agent or any such Purchaser Agent provided , however , that unless an Event of Default has occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Seller shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents for the costs and expenses related to (x) only one such audit or visitation during any calendar year, (y) any audit following a material change in the systems of Seller or Servicer that occurs after any audit specified in clause (x) or (z) any follow-up audit that is required as a result of any audit specified in clauses (x) or (y) . 
 (g) Reporting Requirements . Seller will provide to the Administrative Agent the following 
 (i) as soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each annual accounting period of CHS, a copy of the balance sheet of Seller as of the last day of the period then ended and the statements of income and cash flows of Seller for the period then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by a statement of Seller (with, if necessary, qualifications related to changes in GAAP), to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the financial condition of Seller as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of its operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended provided that each annual financial statement required pursuant to this clause (i) shall be accompanied by the related Compliance Certificate (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) delivered pursuant to Subsection 11.2.1 of the CHS Credit Agreement 
 (ii) at least 30 days prior to any change in Seller s name or jurisdiction of organization, a notice setting forth the new name or jurisdiction, as applicable, and the proposed effective date thereof 
 (iii) such data, reports and information relating to the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent from time to time 
 (iv) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of any Adverse Claim or dispute asserted or claim made against a Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets 
 (v) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Seller under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made 
 (vi) promptly (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the 
 48 
 770272219 16509877 

occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Unmatured Servicer Termination Event and the action that Seller proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (vii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to (i) the effectiveness of any change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a description or, if available, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy after giving effect to such change or amendment and a written notice (A) indicating such change or amendment and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to adversely affect the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Asset, requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (ii) Seller making any change or changes in the character of its business, written notice indicating such change and requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) 
 (viii) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following receipt thereof, a copy of all periodic statements regarding the Seller Collection Accounts from the applicable Account Banks and 
 (ix) as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller. 
 (h) Further Assurances . Seller will, at its expense, promptly execute, deliver and file all further instruments and documents (including UCC-3 financing statement amendments and continuation statements) necessary or desirable, and take all further action that the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Administrative Agent s first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets, or to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise or enforce the rights of the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party hereunder or under or in connection with the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets. In connection with any change in its name or jurisdiction of organization, Seller will, at its expense, cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent (i) one or more opinions of counsel to Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, as to such corporate and UCC perfection matters as the Administrative Agent may request at such time and (ii) one or more certificates of a Responsible Officer of Seller, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with respect to the review of UCC search results. 
 (i) Taxes . Seller will pay any and all taxes relating to the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the sale, transfer and assignment of each 
 49 
 770272219 16509877 

Pool Asset and the other Seller Assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by Seller. 
 (j) Perform Terms . Seller will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and promptly inform the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent of any breach or default by Seller or any Account Debtor or Obligor of any of the terms thereof. 
 (k) Not Adversely Affect the Administrative Agent s Rights . Seller will refrain from any act or omission which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prejudice, diminish or limit, in each case in any material respect, the Administrative Agent s or any other Affected Party s rights under or with respect to any of the Pool Assets, any other Seller Assets or this Agreement, except to the extent such act or omission is expressly permitted under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document. 
 (l) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy . Seller will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the enforcement and collection of Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets. 
 (m) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . Seller shall ensure that policies and procedures are maintained and enforced by or on behalf of Seller to promote and achieve compliance by the Seller, Originators and each of their Subsidiaries, Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions. The Seller shall not use or permit its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, or its or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents to use, the proceeds of any Purchase or Reinvestment (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case, to the extent doing so would violate any Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any Person under any applicable Sanctions or result in the violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Sanctions. Neither the Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates or any director, officer, employee, agent or other Person acting on behalf of the Seller or any of its Subsidiaries in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from this Agreement will engage in, or will conspire to engage in, any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions. 
 (n) No Change in Business, Credit and Collection Policy or Organizational Documents . Seller shall not (i) make any change in (A) the character of its business without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers or (B) the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would impair in any material respect the collectability, 
 50 
 770272219 16509877 

value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers, or (ii) amend or otherwise modify its limited liability company agreement or certificate of formation, in either case, without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (o) Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, etc. Seller shall not (i) change its jurisdiction of organization, or make any other change such that any financing statement filed in connection with the Transaction Documents would become seriously misleading or would otherwise be rendered ineffective, (ii) be a party to any merger or consolidation, or purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets or any stock of any class of, or any partnership or joint venture interest in, any other Person, (iii) sell, transfer, convey, contribute or lease all or any substantial part of its assets, or sell or assign with or without recourse any Assets or any interest therein to any Person (other than pursuant hereto and to any Transaction Document) or (iv) have any Subsidiaries or make any investments in any other Person. 
 (p) Debt and Business Activity . Except for Seller s obligation to pay the Payoff Amount as defined in the Payoff Letter and any contingent indemnification obligations arising under the Payoff Letter that are not then due and payable, Seller shall not incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for or in respect of any Debt or other obligation, purchase any asset (or make any investment by share purchase, loan or otherwise) or engage in any other activity (whether or not pursued for gain or other pecuniary advantage), in any case, other than as will occur pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 (q) Payment of Obligations . The Seller shall duly and punctually pay Deemed Collections, Repurchase Payments, Yield, fees and all other amounts payable by the Seller hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (r) Collection Accounts Lockbox Originator Specified Accounts . The Seller shall (i) direct (x) each Account Debtor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Receivables only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account and (y) each Obligor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Loans only to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account, (ii) not to change such payment instructions while any Pool Assets remain outstanding, (iii) take any and all other reasonable actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets will be deposited in accordance with clause (i) , (iv) hold in trust and cause the Servicer to hold in trust as the Affected Parties exclusive property and safeguard for the benefit of the Affected Parties all Collections and other amounts remitted or paid to the Seller or the Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) in respect of Pool Assets for prompt deposit into the Concentration Account in the manner set forth below, (v) cause the Servicer to deposit in a Collection Account all Collections remitted to an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof and (vi) remove any 
 51 
 770272219 16509877 

Collections or proceeds of any Repo Assets that are deposited in a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof, and (vii) cause the Servicer to endorse, to the extent necessary, all checks or other instruments received in any Lockbox so that the same can be deposited in a Collection Account, in the form so received (with all necessary endorsements), on the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof. The Seller shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to any Seller Collection Account any amounts other than Collections or proceeds thereof provided , that, so long as the Repo Account Acknowledgment Agreement is in place, proceeds of Repo Assets may be deposited or credited to a Lockbox, a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account. The Seller shall not terminate or permit the termination of any Collection Account, Originator Specified Account or Lockbox or any Account Agreement without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (s) Concentration Account . The Seller shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Concentration Account all Available Collections and other amounts received by Seller, Servicer or an Originator (or any of their respective Affiliates) or deposited in a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account or a Collection Account, in each case, with respect to Pool Assets or any other Seller Assets (whether such amounts were received by Seller directly or otherwise) without adjustment, setoff or deduction of any kind or nature no later than the Business Day preceding the Settlement Date immediately succeeding receipt thereof provided that, so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists, the Seller shall not be required to deposit Collections on the Business Day preceding the next Settlement Date in excess of the aggregate amount the Seller is required to pay on such Settlement Date in accordance with Section 3.1(d) . The Seller shall take any and all other actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets will be deposited in the Concentration Account in a timely manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Seller shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to the Concentration Account any amounts other than Collections or proceeds thereof. The Seller shall not terminate or permit the termination of the Concentration Account without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (t) Misdirected Payments . If the Seller receives a misdirected payment of a Pool Asset from any Account Debtor or Obligor, the Seller shall remit such funds to a Collection Account no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof. Until remitted to a Collection Account, the Seller shall hold such funds in trust as the Affected Parties exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Affected Parties. 
 (u) Restricted Payments . Seller shall not declare or pay any dividend or distributions or, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, its membership interests, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make 
 52 
 770272219 16509877 

any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or in its obligations provided , however , that so long as no Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Seller may make, or cause to be made, distributions only out of the funds released to the Seller in accordance with Section 3.1 . 
 (v) Tax Status . Seller shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in it being treated as other than a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3. 
 (w) Right and Title . Seller shall hold all right, title and interest in each Pool Asset, except to the extent that any such right, title or interest has been transferred or granted to Administrative Agent (on behalf of Purchasers). 
 (x) Transaction Documents . Without limiting any of Seller s covenants or agreements set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, Seller shall comply with each and every of its covenants and agreements under each Transaction Document to which it is a party in any capacity and its certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement. 
 (y) Enforcement of Sale Agreement . On its own behalf and on behalf of Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent, Seller shall (x) promptly enforce all covenants and obligations of each Originator contained in the Sale Agreement and (y) deliver to Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent all consents, approvals, directions, notices and waivers and take other actions under the Sale Agreement as may be reasonably directed by the Required Purchasers. 
 (z) Use of Funds . Seller shall not use any funds obtained under this Agreement in any manner that conflicts with or contravenes any of Regulations T, U and X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 (aa) Delivery of Custodian File and Obligor Notes . 
 (i) not later than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Seller acquires an interest in any Pool Loan pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered directly to the Custodian for the benefit of the Affected Parties the Custodian File relating to such Pool Loan, and shall cause the related Obligor Note to be (i) duly indorsed in blank with note transfer powers in the form set forth in the Custodian Agreement and (ii) delivered to the Custodian. 
 (ii) not later than thirty (30) days following any amendment or modification to any Loan Document, the Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered such Loan Document to the Custodian. 
 53 
 770272219 16509877 

(bb) Beneficial Ownership Certification . Promptly following any change in the information included in a Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners or control party identified in such Beneficial Ownership Certification, or a change in the address of any beneficial owners or control party, Seller shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an updated Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 SECTION 7.2 Covenants of CHS . From the Effective Date until the Final Payout Date 
 (a) Existence . Servicer will preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business. Servicer will keep the office where it keeps its records concerning the Pool Assets (unless then held by the Custodian) at the address set forth in Schedule 13.2 or, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any other locations in jurisdictions where all actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent or otherwise necessary to protect, perfect and maintain the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets have been taken and completed. 
 (b) Compliance with Laws . Servicer will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Laws with respect to it, the Pool Receivables and the Receivable Documentation and the Pool Loans and the Loan Documents and the servicing and collection thereof. 
 (c) Books and Records . Servicer will keep its books and accounts in accordance with GAAP and shall make a notation on its books and records, including any computer files, to indicate which Assets have been pledged to the Administrative Agent. Servicer will maintain such books and accounts in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over it. Other than Records held by Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables and related Receivable Documentation and Loans and related Loan Documents in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information reasonably necessary for collecting all Pool Assets (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Asset and all collections of and adjustments to each existing Asset). 
 (d) Extension or Amendment of Assets . Servicer will not (i) extend, or otherwise amend or modify, the principal payment terms under any Pool Asset, unless approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers, or (ii) otherwise waive or permit or agree to any deviation from the terms or conditions of any Pool Asset, except in the case of clause (ii) , in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. Servicer will not take, or cause to be taken, any action that reduces the amount payable of any Pool 
 54 
 770272219 16509877 

Asset or materially impairs the full and timely collection thereof unless (i) approved in writing in advance by the Required Purchasers or (ii) such reduction in the amount of such Pool Asset is paid to the Administrative Agent by the Servicer as a Deemed Collection in accordance with Section 3.2(a) . 
 (e) Audits and Visits . Servicer will, upon reasonable advance notice of not less than five (5) Business Days (or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement), during regular business hours, permit the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent and representatives thereof, at Servicer s expense, (i) to examine and make abstracts from all books, records and documents (including computer tapes and disks) in its possession or under its control relating to Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets, including the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, and (ii) to visit its offices and properties for the purpose of examining and auditing such materials described in clause (i) above, and, subject to the foregoing, to discuss matters relating to Pool Assets or its performance hereunder or under the related Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents with any of its officers having knowledge of such matters, in each case, at such reasonable times and as often as may reasonably be desired by the Administrative Agent or any such Purchaser Agent provided , however , that unless an Event of Default has occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Servicer shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agent for the costs and expenses related to (x) only one such audit or visitation during any calendar year, (y) any audit following a material change in the systems of Seller or Servicer that occurs after any audit specified in clause (x) or (z) any follow-up audit that is required as a result of any audit specified in clauses (x) or (y) . 
 (f) Reporting Requirements . Servicer will provide to the Administrative Agent the following 
 (i) as soon as available and in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each of the first three quarterly accounting periods of CHS, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period and the consolidated statement of income of CHS and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, prepared by CHS in accordance with GAAP and certified to by a Responsible Officer provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of CHS s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.2(f)(i) provided , further , that, each quarterly financial statement or Form 10-Q required pursuant to this clause (i) shall be accompanied by the related Compliance Certificate (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) delivered pursuant to Subsection 11.2.2 of the CHS Credit Agreement 
 (ii) as soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each annual accounting period of CHS, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the period then 
 55 
 770272219 16509877 

ended and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows of CHS and its Subsidiaries for the period then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by a statement of CHS (with, if necessary, qualifications related to changes in GAAP), to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of CHS and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended provided that delivery within the time period specified above of copies of CHS s annual report on Form 10-K prepared in compliance with the requirements therefor and filed with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.2(f)(ii) provided , further , that, each annual financial statement or Form 10-K required pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be accompanied by the related Compliance Certificate (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) delivered pursuant to Subsection 11.2.1 of the CHS Credit Agreement 
 (iii) at least 30 days prior to any change in Servicer s name or jurisdiction of organization, a notice setting forth the new name or jurisdiction, as applicable, and the proposed effective date thereof 
 (iv) such data, reports and information relating to the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent from time to time 
 (v) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of any Adverse Claim or dispute asserted or claim made against a Pool Asset or any other Seller Assets 
 (vi) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct in any material respect when made 
 (vii) promptly (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days) following knowledge or notice thereof, written notice in reasonable detail of the occurrence of any Event of Default, Unmatured Event of Default, Servicer Termination Event or Unmatured Servicer Termination Event and the action that the Servicer proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (viii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to (i) the effectiveness of any change in or amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy, a description or, if available, a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy after giving effect to such change or amendment and a written notice (A) indicating such change or amendment and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to 
 56 
 770272219 16509877 

adversely affect the value, validity, enforceability or collectability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Asset, requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (ii) Servicer making any material change or changes in the character of its business, written notice indicating such change and requesting the consent of the Required Purchasers thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld conditioned or delayed) 
 (ix) promptly (and in no event later than five (5) Business Days) following receipt thereof, a copy of all periodic statements regarding the Originator Collection Accounts from the applicable Account Banks and 
 (x) as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after knowledge or notice of the occurrence thereof, written notice of any matter that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer. 
 (g) Perform Terms . Servicer will duly perform and comply in all material respects with all terms under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and promptly inform the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent of any breach or default by Servicer or any Account Debtor or Obligor of any of the terms thereof. 
 (h) Not Adversely Affect the Administrative Agent s Rights . Servicer will refrain from any act or omission which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to prejudice, diminish or limit, in each case in any material respect, the Administrative Agent s or any other Affected Party s rights under or with respect to any of the Pool Assets, any other Seller Assets or this Agreement, except to the extent such act or omission is expressly permitted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (i) Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy . Servicer will comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in all material respects in connection with the enforcement and collection of Pool Assets and Related Security. 
 (j) Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . Servicer shall ensure that policies and procedures are maintained and enforced by or on behalf of Servicer to promote and achieve compliance by Servicer and each of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions. Servicer shall not use or permit its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, or its or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents to use, the proceeds of any Purchase or Reinvestment (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case, to the extent 
 57 
 770272219 16509877 

doing so would violate any Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any Person under any applicable Sanctions or result in the violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Sanctions. Neither Servicer nor any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates or any director, officer, employee, agent or other Person acting on behalf of Servicer or any of its Subsidiaries in any capacity in connection with or directly benefitting from this Agreement will engage in, or will conspire to engage in, any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions. 
 (k) No Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy or Organizational Documents . Servicer shall not make any change in (A) the character of its business without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers or (B) the Credit and Collection Policy, which change would impair in any material respect the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, any Pool Asset or otherwise have a Material Adverse Change with respect to Seller without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (l) Collection Accounts Lockbox Originator Specified Accounts . The Servicer shall (i) direct (x) each Account Debtor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Receivables only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account and (y) each Obligor to pay all amounts owing under the Pool Loans only to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account, (ii) not to change such payment instructions while any Pool Assets remain outstanding, (iii) take any and all other reasonable actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets will be deposited in accordance with clause (i) , (iv) hold in trust as the Affected Parties exclusive property and safeguard for the benefit of the Affected Parties all Collections and other amounts remitted or paid to the Seller or the Servicer (or any of their respective Affiliates) in respect of Pool Assets for prompt deposit into the Concentration Account in the manner set forth below, (v) deposit in a Collection Account all Collections remitted to an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof, (vi) remove any Collections or proceeds of any Repo Assets that are deposited in a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account within two (2) days following receipt thereof, and (vii) endorse, to the extent necessary, all checks or other instruments received in any Lockbox so that the same can be deposited in a Collection Account, in the form so received (with all necessary endorsements), on the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof. The Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to a Lockbox, a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account any amounts other than Collections or proceeds thereof provided , that, so long as the Repo Account Acknowledgment Agreement is in place, proceeds of Repo Assets may be deposited or credited to a Lockbox, a Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account provided , further , that the Servicer may permit collections and proceeds of accounts receivable described in clauses (a) (d) of the definition of Receivable that arise under the Originators energy and crop nutrient 
 58 
 770272219 16509877 

business and do not constitute Collections to be deposited into an Originator Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account so long as such amounts are (x) not subject to any Adverse Claim and (y) such amounts are removed from such Originator Collection Account or Originator Specified Account within two (2) Business Days of receipt provided , further , that, at any time an Event of Default exists, the Servicer shall, upon its receipt of a written instruction from the Administrative Agent, direct each obligor of an accounts receivable described in the immediately preceding proviso to make all payments related to such accounts receivables to an account other than an Originator Collection Account or an Originator Specified Account. The Servicer shall not terminate or permit the termination of any Collection Account, Originator Specified Account or Lockbox or any Account Agreement without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (m) Concentration Account . The Servicer shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Concentration Account all Available Collections and other amounts received by Seller, Servicer or Originator (or any of their respective Affiliates) or deposited in a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account or a Collection Account, in each case, with respect to Pool Assets or any other Seller Assets (whether such amounts were received by Seller directly or otherwise) without adjustment, setoff or deduction of any kind or nature no later than the Business Day preceding the Settlement Date immediately succeeding receipt thereof provided that, so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists, the Seller shall not be required to deposit Collections on the Business Day preceding the next Settlement Date in excess of the aggregate amount the Seller is required to pay on such Settlement Date in accordance with Section 3.1(d) . The Servicer shall take any and all other actions, including actions reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, to ensure that all amounts owing under the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets will be deposited in the Concentration Account in a timely manner pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to the Concentration Account any amounts other than Collections or proceeds thereof. The Servicer shall not terminate or permit the termination of the Concentration Account without the prior written consent of the Required Purchasers. 
 (n) Misdirected Payments . If the Servicer receives a misdirected payment of a Pool Asset from any Account Debtor or Obligor, the Servicer shall remit such funds to a Collection Account no later than two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof. Until remitted to a Collection Account, the Servicer shall hold such funds in trust as the Affected Parties exclusive property and safeguard such funds for the benefit of the Affected Parties. 
 (o) Tax Status . Servicer shall not take or cause any action to be taken that could result in Seller being treated as other than a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3. 
 (p) Transaction Documents . Without limiting any of Servicer s covenants or agreements set forth herein or in any other Transaction Document, so long as Servicer is 
 59 
 770272219 16509877 

an Originator or Performance Guarantor, Servicer shall comply with each and every of its covenants and agreements as an Originator or Performance Guarantor, as applicable, under each Transaction Document to which it is a party in any capacity. 
 (q) Delivery of Custodian File and Obligor Notes . 
 (i) not later than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Seller acquires an interest in any Pool Loan pursuant to the Sale Agreement, the Servicer shall deliver or cause to be delivered directly to the Custodian for the benefit of the Affected Parties the Custodian File relating to such Pool Loan, and shall cause the related Obligor Note to be (i) duly indorsed in blank with note transfer powers in the form set forth in the Custodian Agreement and (ii) delivered to the Custodian. 
 (ii) not later than thirty (30) days following any amendment or modification to any Loan Document, the Servicer shall deliver or cause to be delivered such Loan Document to the Custodian. 
 SECTION 7.3 Full Recourse . Notwithstanding any limitation on recourse contained herein or in any other Transaction Document (i) Seller has the obligation to pay all Yield and other amounts due under Sections 3.1(c) and 3.4 or under Articles IV or XII (which obligation shall be full recourse general obligations of Seller), and (ii) all obligations of CHS so specified hereunder shall be full recourse general obligations of CHS. 
 SECTION 7.4 Corporate Separateness Related Matters and Covenants . Each of Seller and Servicer covenant, until the Final Payout Date, as follows 
 (a) Seller and Servicer shall assure that Seller, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor and Originators (and each of their respective Affiliates) shall observe the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of Seller as a legal entity separate and apart from each of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and any of their respective Affiliates other than Seller, and comply with its organizational documents and assuring that each of the following is complied with 
 (i) Seller shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) separate company records and books of account (each of which shall be sufficiently full and complete to permit a determination of Seller s assets and liabilities and, in the case of such records and books of account, to permit a determination of the obligees thereon and the time for performance of each of Seller s obligations) from those of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and their respective Affiliates (other than Seller) 
 (ii) except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, Seller shall not commingle any of its assets or funds with those of Originators, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates (other than Seller) 
 60 
 770272219 16509877 

(iii) at least one member of Seller s Board of Managers shall be an Independent Manager and the limited liability company agreement of Seller shall provide (i) for the same definition of Independent Manager as used herein, (ii) that Seller s Board of Managers shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to Seller unless the Independent Manager shall approve the taking of such action in writing before the taking of such action and (iii) that the provisions required by clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence cannot be amended except in accordance with this Agreement and without the prior written consent of the Independent Manager and the Required Purchasers 
 (iv) the members and Board of Managers of Seller shall hold all regular and special meetings appropriate to authorize Seller s actions. The members and managers of Seller may act from time to time by unanimous written consent or through one or more committees in accordance with Seller s certificate of formation and its limited liability company agreement. Seller shall not take any Material Actions (as defined in its limited liability company agreement) without the consent of all its managers, including its Independent Manager. Appropriate minutes of all meetings of Seller s members and managers (and committees thereof) shall be kept by Seller 
 (v) Seller shall compensate its Independent Manager in accordance with Seller s limited liability company agreement 
 (vi) decisions with respect to Seller s business and daily operations shall be independently made by Seller and shall not be dictated by Originators, CHS, Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates (except by CHS Capital as a member and or manager of Seller in accordance with Seller s limited liability company agreement) provided that Servicer shall administer, service and collect the Pool Assets as contemplated by the Transaction Documents 
 (vii) no transactions shall be entered between Seller, on the one hand and any Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any of them (other than Seller), on the other hand (other than as contemplated hereby and in the other Transaction Documents) 
 (viii) Seller shall act solely in its own name and through its own authorized managers, members, directors, officers and agents, except that, as a general matter, the Account Debtors and Obligors will not be informed in the first instance that Servicer is acting on behalf of Seller, that such Originator sold Assets to Seller or that Seller sold Assets to the Administrative Agent 
 (ix) None of Originators, Servicer or any Affiliates of CHS shall be appointed as an agent of Seller, except in the capacity of servicer or subservicer hereunder 
 61 
 770272219 16509877 

(x) none of Servicer, Originators, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates shall advance funds or credit to Seller and none of Servicer, Originators, CHS or any Affiliate of Servicer, Originators, Performance Guarantor or CHS will otherwise supply funds or credit to, or guarantee any obligation of, Seller except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents 
 (xi) Seller shall maintain a separate space which shall be physically separate from space occupied by Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer (but may be in a separate space occupied solely by Seller at the offices of CHS or any Affiliate of CHS) and shall be clearly identified as Seller s space so it can be identified by outsiders 
 (xii) other than as permitted by the Transaction Documents, Seller shall not guarantee, or otherwise become liable with respect to, any obligation of CHS, Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate thereof (other than Seller) 
 (xiii) Seller shall at all times hold itself out to the public under Seller s own name as a legal entity separate and distinct from its equity holders, members, managers, CHS, Originators, Servicer, Performance Guarantor and each of their respective Affiliates (other than Seller) (the foregoing to include Seller not using the letterhead or telephone number of any such Person) 
 (xiv) CHS shall prepare its financial statements in compliance with GAAP consistently applied 
 (xv) if any of Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or Originators shall provide any information with respect to the Pool Assets to any creditor of Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or such Originator, Seller or Servicer, as the case may be, shall also provide (or cause such Originator to provide) to such creditor a notice indicating that the Collections relating to such Pool Assets are held in trust for the Affected Parties 
 (xvi) to the extent required by GAAP, CHS s financial statements shall disclose the separateness of Seller and that the Pool Assets that are owned by Seller are not available to creditors of CHS or its Affiliates other than Seller 
 (xvii) any allocations of direct, indirect or overhead expenses for items shared between Seller and Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates shall be made among Seller and Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or value of services rendered and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to actual use or the value of services rendered 
 62 
 770272219 16509877 

(xviii) Seller shall not be named, directly or indirectly, as a contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy covering the Servicer, Originators, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Affiliate of any of them (other than Seller) other than insurance policies entered into in the ordinary course of business covering other Affiliates of any of the foregoing 
 (xix) Seller shall maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations 
 (xx) Seller shall generally maintain an arm s-length relationship with Originators, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor and their respective Affiliates and each transaction entered into with Seller shall be undertaken in good faith for a bona fide business purpose and 
 (xxi) the Independent Manager shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for Seller, CHS, Originators, Performance Guarantor, Servicer or any of their respective Affiliates. 
 (b) Seller and Servicer agree that 
 (i) Seller shall not (A) issue any security of any kind except certificates evidencing membership interests issued to CHS Capital in connection with its formation, or (B) incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable for or in respect of any Debt or obligation other than as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
 (ii) Seller shall not sell, pledge or dispose of any of its assets, except as permitted by, or as provided in, the Transaction Documents. 
 (iii) Seller shall not purchase any asset (or make any investment, by share purchase, loan or otherwise) except as permitted by, or as provided in, the Transaction Documents. 
 (iv) Seller shall not engage in any activity (whether or not pursued for gain or other pecuniary advantage) other than as permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
 (v) Seller shall not create, assume or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim on any of its assets other than any Adverse Claim created pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 (vi) Seller shall not make any payment, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, any owner of any security interest or equity interest in Seller or any Affiliate of any such owner (except, in each case, as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents). 
 63 
 770272219 16509877 

(vii) Seller shall not acquiesce in, or direct Servicer or any other agent to take, any action that is prohibited to be taken by Seller in clauses (i) through (vi) above. 
 (viii) Seller shall not have any employees. 
 (ix) Seller will provide not less than ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any removal or replacement of any person that is currently serving or is proposed to be appointed as an Independent Manager, such notice to include the identity of the proposed replacement Independent Manager, together with a certification that such replacement satisfies the requirements for an Independent Manager set forth in this Agreement and the limited liability company agreement of Seller. 
 (c) Neither Seller nor Servicer shall take any action or permit any of their respective Affiliates to take any action inconsistent with subsection (a) or (b) above. 
 ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 
 SECTION 8.1 Designation of Servicer . 
 (a) CHS as Initial Servicer . The servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Assets on behalf of Seller, Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Purchasers shall be conducted by the Person designated as Servicer hereunder Servicer from time to time in accordance with this Section 8.1 . Until Administrative Agent (with the consent, or acting at the direction of, the Required Purchasers) gives to CHS a Successor Notice (as defined in Section 8.1(b) ), CHS is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. Servicer shall receive the Servicing Fee, payable as described in Article III , for the performance of its duties hereunder. 
 (b) Successor Notice . In the event that a Servicer Termination Event has occurred and has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, Administrative Agent (with the consent of, or at the direction of, the Required Purchasers) shall have the right, upon not less than five (5) Business Days notice to CHS and Seller, to designate a successor Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof (a Successor Notice ). Upon effectiveness of a Successor Notice, CHS agrees that it shall terminate its activities as Servicer hereunder in a manner that Administrative Agent reasonably believes will facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the successor Servicer, and such successor Servicer shall assume each and all of CHS s obligations to service and administer the Pool Assets, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and CHS shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist such successor Servicer in assuming such obligations. 
 64 
 770272219 16509877 

(c) Subservicers Subcontracts . Servicer may not subcontract with any Person that is not an Affiliate of Servicer (excluding Seller) or otherwise delegate any of its duties or obligations hereunder except with the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent provided that, notwithstanding any such designation, delegation or subcontract, Servicer shall remain primarily and directly liable for the performance of all the duties and obligations of Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that Servicer may so subcontract with CHS Capital subject to the proviso in the previous sentence. 
 SECTION 8.2 Duties of Servicer . Seller, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent hereby appoints as its agent Servicer, as from time to time designated pursuant to Section 8.1 , to enforce its rights and interests in and under the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets. Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all necessary and appropriate commercial servicing and collection activities in arranging the timely payment of amounts due and owing by any Account Debtor or Obligor (including the identification of the proceeds of the Pool Assets and related record keeping) all in accordance with Applicable Laws, with reasonable care and diligence, including diligently and faithfully performing all servicing and collection actions. In connection with its administration, collection and servicing obligations, Servicer will perform its duties under the Receivable Documentation related to the Pool Receivables and the Loan Documents related to the Pool Loans with the same care and applying the same policies as it applies to its own assets generally and would exercise and apply if it owned the Pool Assets and shall act in the best interest of the Affected Parties to maximize Collections. 
 (a) Allocation of Collections Segregation . Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust Collections of Pool Assets in accordance with Section 1.3 . Servicer acknowledges and agrees that the Pool Assets have been sold and assigned to the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and no portion of the Collections with respect thereto held by the Servicer prior to depositing into a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account shall constitute property of the Servicer. 
 (b) Documents and Records . Other than the Custodian File held by the Custodian in accordance with the Custodian Agreement, Seller shall deliver to Servicer, and Servicer shall hold in trust for Seller, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent, each Purchaser and each other Affected Party in accordance with their respective interests, all Records (and all original documents relating thereto) (and after the occurrence of any Event of Default, shall deliver the same to Administrative Agent promptly upon Administrative Agent s written request). Upon written request of Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent, Servicer shall promptly provide (or cause Custodian to provide) Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents with the location(s) of all Records (and all original documents relating thereto). 
 (c) Certain Duties of Servicer and Seller . Servicer shall, promptly following receipt of the collections of any Asset that is not a Pool Asset, a Related Asset or any other property included in the grant set forth in Section 9.1 , turn over such collection to the Person entitled to such collection. 
 65 
 770272219 16509877 

(d) Termination . Servicer s obligations as such under this Agreement shall terminate upon the Final Payout Date. 
 (e) Power of Attorney . Seller hereby appoints Servicer as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Seller, with full power of substitution, coupled with an interest, and hereby authorizes and empowers Servicer to take in Seller s name and on behalf of Seller any and all steps necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of Servicer, to collect all amounts due under any and all Pool Assets, including to make demands for any portion of Pool Assets remaining outstanding past its applicable due date, commence enforcement proceedings, exercise other powers under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents, endorse Seller s name on checks and other instruments representing Collections, enforce Pool Receivables and the related Receivable Documentation, enforce Pool Loans and the related Loan Documents and take such other action and execute such other agreements, instruments and other documents in the name of Seller, to the extent necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes hereof. Seller hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of Seller, with full power of substitution, coupled with an interest, and hereby authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent in the name and on behalf of Seller at any time following removal of CHS as Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, to take such actions, and execute and deliver such documents, as the Administrative Agent deems necessary or advisable in connection with any Pool Assets (i) to obtain the full benefits of the Transaction Documents and the Pool Assets, (ii) to perfect each of the ownership and or security interests in the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets under the Transaction Documents, including to send a notice of each purchase, sale and pledge of the Pool Assets under the Transaction Documents to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor, (iii) to communicate directly with the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor to collect any portion of a Pool Asset that remains outstanding past its applicable due date, (iv) to notify and require (x) Account Debtors to remit the proceeds of Pool Receivables directly to a Lockbox, an Originator Specified Account, a Collection Account or the Concentration Account and (y) Obligors to remit the proceeds of Pool Loans directly to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account or (v) to make collection of and otherwise realize the benefits of any Pool Asset. At any time that CHS is no longer serving as Servicer hereunder or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to bring suit, in the Administrative Agent s or Seller s name, and generally have all other rights of an owner and holder respecting any Pool Assets, including the right to accelerate or extend the time of payment, settle, compromise, release in whole or in part any amounts owing on any Pool Assets and issue credits in its own name or the name of Seller. At any time following removal of CHS as Servicer or at any time following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may endorse or sign the Administrative Agent s or Seller s name on any checks or other instruments with respect to any Pool Assets or the goods 
 66 
 770272219 16509877 

covered thereby. This power of attorney, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable and shall not expire until the Final Payout Date. 
 (f) Resignation of CHS as Servicer . CHS shall not resign in its capacity as Servicer hereunder without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent, which consent shall be given or withheld in the sole and absolute discretion of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
 SECTION 8.3 Rights of Administrative Agent . In addition to all of its other rights herein including under Articles IX and X , under the other Transaction Documents or at law or in equity, Administrative Agent shall have the other following rights set forth in this Section 8.3 
 (a) Notice to Account Debtors and Obligors . At any time after the occurrence of any Event of Default, Servicer shall (on behalf of Seller), at Administrative Agent s or any Purchaser Agent s request and at Seller s expense, give notice of Administrative Agent s ownership and security interest in the Pool Assets to each applicable Account Debtor or Obligor and instruct them that payments on the Pool Assets will only be effective if made to, or as otherwise instructed in writing by, Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Other Rights . At any time after (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) the commencement of the Liquidation Period, Servicer shall (on behalf of Seller), (A) at Administrative Agent s request and at Seller s expense, assemble all of the Records (other than the Custodian File held by the Custodian pursuant to the Custodian Agreement) and deliver such Records to or at the direction of Administrative Agent and (B) at the request of Administrative Agent or its designee, exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, under any other Transaction Document, under any Pool Asset or under any other Seller Assets (to the extent permitted hereunder or thereunder). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of Servicer and Seller shall upon the request of Administrative Agent or its designee and at Seller s expense 
 (I) authorize, execute (if required) and file such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or appropriate 
 (II) make a notation in its books and records to indicate that the Pool Assets have been transferred and pledged in accordance with this Agreement and 
 (III) following the occurrence of an Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, mark conspicuously all Receivable Documentation evidencing Pool Receivables and all Loan Documents evidencing Pool Loans with a legend reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent 
 67 
 770272219 16509877 

evidencing that the Pool Assets have been sold or otherwise pledged pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (d) Additional Financing Statements Performance by Administrative Agent . Seller hereby authorizes Administrative Agent or its designee to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, or any similar instruments in any relevant jurisdiction relative to all or any of the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets now existing or hereafter arising in the name of Seller. Seller agrees that an all assets or similar filing against it may be filed for the purposes hereof and to perfect the security interest and transfers created hereby. If Seller fails to perform any of its agreements or obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, Administrative Agent or its designee may (but shall not be required to) itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement or obligation, and the expenses of Administrative Agent or its designee incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Seller as provided in Section 13.6 . 
 SECTION 8.4 Responsibilities of Servicer . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding 
 (a) Contracts . Servicer shall, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, Applicable Law and the terms of this Agreement, perform all of its obligations under the Records, so long as it is an Affiliate of Seller, to the same extent as if the Asset Interest had not been sold hereunder and the exercise by Administrative Agent or its designee of its rights hereunder shall not relieve Servicer from such obligations. 
 (b) Limitation of Liability . None of Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Pool Asset or Related Assets related thereto, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of Servicer or Seller thereunder. 
 SECTION 8.5 Further Action Evidencing Purchases and Reinvestments . Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it shall (or cause Servicer to) promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further actions, that Administrative Agent or its designee may reasonably request or that are necessary in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the transactions contemplated by the other Transaction Documents, the Purchases hereunder and the resulting Asset Interest. 
 SECTION 8.6 Application of Collections . The Servicer shall be responsible for promptly identifying, matching, applying and reconciling any payments received in the Collection Accounts or Originator Specified Accounts with the Asset associated with such payment. 
 SECTION 8.7 Funds and Documents to be held in Trust . Whenever this Agreement or any other Transaction Document requires the Seller or the Servicer to hold funds or documents in trust for the Administrative Agent, it is understood and agreed that CHS, Seller or Servicer is not required to establish trust accounts or arrangements with independent trustees, 
 68 
 770272219 16509877 

custodians or third parties, but may hold such funds for the Administrative Agent in Originator Collection Accounts which may be commingled with other deposit accounts maintained by CHS, Seller or Servicer, and may hold such documents for safekeeping for the Administrative Agent in such manner as CHS, Seller of Servicer holds its own documents in safekeeping provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (x) Seller, CHS and the Servicer shall not be permitted to deposit any funds in a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account other than Collections and proceeds thereof and (y) neither the Seller Collection Accounts nor the Concentration Account may be commingled with any other deposit accounts. 
 ARTICLE IX SECURITY INTEREST 
 SECTION 9.1 Grant of Security Interest . To secure all obligations of Seller arising in connection with this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, including, all Indemnified Amounts, payments on account of Collections received or deemed to be received and fees and expenses, in each case pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, Seller hereby assigns and pledges to Administrative Agent, as collateral trustee, for the benefit of the Affected Parties, and hereby grants to Administrative Agent, as collateral trustee, for the benefit of the Affected Parties, a security interest in, and general lien on all of the following all of Seller s right, title and interest now or hereafter existing in, to and under all of Seller s assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and wherever located (whether or not in the possession or control of Seller), including all of its right, title and interest in, to and under each of the following, in each case, whether now owned or existing hereafter arising, acquired, or originated, or in which Seller now or hereafter has any rights, and wherever located (whether or not in the possession or control of Seller) and all proceeds of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Seller Assets (I) all Pool Assets (II) the Related Assets (III) the Collections (IV) all Accounts (V) all Chattel Paper (VI) all Contracts (VII) all Deposit Accounts (VIII) all Documents (IX) all Payment Intangibles (X) all General Intangibles (XI) all Instruments (XII) all Inventory (XIII) all Investment Property (XIV) all letter of credit rights and supporting obligations (XV) the Sale Agreement and all rights and remedies of Seller thereunder (XVI) the Custodian Agreement and all rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent thereunder (XVII) all other assets in the Asset Interest (XVIII) all rights, interests, remedies and privileges of Seller relating to any of the foregoing (including the right to sue for past, present or future infringement of any or all of the foregoing) (XIX) each Lockbox and (XX) to the extent not otherwise included, all products and Proceeds (each capitalized term in clauses IV through XX , as defined in the UCC) of each of the foregoing and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of each of the foregoing (including insurance proceeds), and all distributions (whether in money, securities or other property) and collections from or with respect to any of the foregoing provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Seller Assets shall not include Repo Assets. 
 Seller hereby authorizes the filing of financing statements, including those filed under Section 8.3(d) , describing the collateral covered thereby as all of debtor s personal property and assets 
 69 
 770272219 16509877 

or words to that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the collateral described in this Section 9.1 . This Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under Applicable Law. 
 SECTION 9.2 Further Assurances . The provisions of Section 8.5 shall apply to the security interest granted, and to the assignment effected, under Section 9.1 as well as to the Purchases, Reinvestments and the Asset Interest hereunder. 
 SECTION 9.3 Remedies Waiver . After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have, with respect to the Seller Assets granted pursuant to Section 9.1 , and in addition to all other rights and remedies available to any Affected Party under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or other Applicable Law, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. To the fullest extent it may lawfully so agree, Seller agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, claim, plead, or take any benefit or advantage of any appraisal, valuation, stay, extension, moratorium, redemption or similar law now or hereafter in force in order to prevent, delay, or hinder the enforcement hereof or the absolute sale of any part of the Seller Assets Seller for itself and all who claim through it, so far as it or they now or hereafter lawfully may do so, hereby waives the benefit of all such laws and all right to have the Seller Assets marshalled upon any foreclosure hereof, and agrees that any court having jurisdiction to foreclose this Agreement may order the sale of the Seller Assets in its entirety. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Seller hereby waives and releases any and all right to require Administrative Agent to collect any of such obligations from any specific item or items of the Seller Assets or from any other party liable as guarantor or in any other manner in respect of any of such obligations or from any collateral (including the Seller Assets) for any of such obligations. 
 ARTICLE X EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 SECTION 10.1 Events of Default . The following events shall be Events of Default hereunder 
 (a) (i) Seller or Servicer shall fail to be in compliance with any of its covenants or obligations set forth in Section 3.1(a) , 7.1(d) , 7.1(f) , 7.1(g) , 7.1(o) , 7.1(u) , 7.1(w) , 7.2(e) , 7.2(f) , 7.4(a)(iii) or 7.4(b)(ix) of this Agreement or (ii) Seller, any Originator, CHS or Servicer shall otherwise fail to be in compliance with any of its other covenants and obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than described in clause (i) hereof or clause (b) below), and such failure in this clause (ii) , solely to the extent capable of cure, shall continue unremedied for a period of at least ten (10) Business Days after the earlier of a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge of such failure or notice thereof given to Seller or the Servicer by the Administrative Agent or any other Affected Party 
 (b) Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator shall fail to make any payment or deposit or transfer of monies to be made by it hereunder or under 
 70 
 770272219 16509877 

any other Transaction Document as and when due and such failure is not remedied within one (1) Business Day 
 (c) CHS shall fail to perform its duties and obligations as Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and such failure is not remedied within one (1) Business Day 
 (d) CHS shall resign as Servicer other than in accordance with this Agreement 
 (e) (i) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or (ii) Servicer, any Originator or Seller shall not be Solvent 
 (f) any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator in this Agreement, any Information Package or any other Transaction Document shall fail to be true and correct in any material respect, as of the date made or, in the case of any representation or warranty which speaks as to a particular date or period, as of that particular date or period 
 (g) Administrative Agent shall fail to have a valid first priority perfected security interest in the Concentration Account and the Collection Accounts (and all amounts and instruments from time to time on deposit therein) 
 (h) Seller shall be required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act 
 (i) a Servicer Termination Event shall have occurred 
 (j) a Change of Control shall have occurred 
 (k) Seller shall fail to pay in full all of its obligations to Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Agents and Purchasers hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents on or prior to the Legal Final Settlement Date. 
 (l) there shall have occurred any event which materially adversely impairs the collectability, value, validity or enforceability of, or increases the days to pay or Dilution with respect to, the Pool Assets generally or any material portion thereof 
 (m) this Agreement or any security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall for any reason cease to create, or for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent with respect to the Pool Assets and Related Assets and, in either case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 (n) any Transaction Document shall, in whole or in part, except pursuant to the terms thereof, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be a legally valid, binding 
 71 
 770272219 16509877 

and enforceable obligation of any party thereto (other than any Affected Party) or any such party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of such Transaction Document 
 (o) in the reasonable opinion of the Required Purchasers, there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change with respect to Servicer, Seller, any Originator or Performance Guarantor 
 (p) For the Receivables Pool, (i) the average of the Default Ratio (Receivables) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 2.50 , (ii) the average of the Dilution Ratios for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed (x) during the months of June to, and including, September, 7.00 , and (y) during the months of October to, and including May, 5.50 , or (iii) the average of the Days Sales Outstanding for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed thirty (30) days 
 (q) For the Loan Pool, the average of the Default Ratio (Loans) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 3.0 or the Monthly Loss Ratio (Loans) for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time exceed 1.0 or the Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor for the three preceding Settlement Periods shall at any time be less than 3.25 
 (r) on any day, (i) the Total Committed Investment exceeds the Purchasers Total Commitment, (ii) the Total Uncommitted Investment exceeds the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, or (iii) the Total Investment exceeds the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base, in each case, unless cured within two (2) Business Days 
 (s) any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer, or any of their respective Subsidiaries (i) fails to make payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) in respect of any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness arising under any Transaction Document or Subordinated Note Financing Document) aggregating in excess of 100,000,000 which was incurred, assumed or guaranteed by such Person, or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other condition or covenant, or any other event shall occur or condition shall exist, under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness arising under any Transaction Document or Subordinated Note Financing Document) aggregating in excess of 100,000,000 was incurred, assumed or guaranteed by such Person, if the effect of such failure, event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries of such indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, such indebtedness to be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity, or such guaranty to become payable, without regard to whether such holder or holders, beneficiary or beneficiaries or such other Person shall have exercised or waived their right to do so 
 72 
 770272219 16509877 

(t) one or more judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration award is entered against any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer, involving in the aggregate a liability (to the extent not covered by insurance from a Solvent insurer and as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), as to any single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions, of 25,000,000 or more, and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days after the entry thereof (or such longer period as may be permitted by Applicable Law or court order to obtain relief from payment of or to pay such judgments, orders, decrees or awards) 
 (u) one or more judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration awards is entered against Seller involving in the aggregate a liability of 15,775 or more, other than any judgment against Seller with respect to any taxes that are owing by Seller to any Governmental Authority that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, that remain undischarged, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days after the entry thereof (or such longer period as may be permitted by Applicable Law or court order to obtain relief from payment thereof) 
 (v) (i) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which would materially adversely affect the financial condition or results of operations of Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate shall fail to pay when due under Section 412 of the Code any contribution to a Pension Plan in excess of 25,000,000 and such failure shall continue for 30 days 
 (w) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of Seller, Servicer or Originators and such lien shall not have been released within five (5) Business Days, or the PBGC shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of Seller, Servicer or Originators and such lien shall not have been released within five Business Days or 
 (x) any payment default shall occur under any Subordinated Note Financing Document (after giving effect to any applicable grace period). 
 SECTION 10.2 Remedies . 
 (a) Optional Liquidation . Upon, or any time after, the occurrence of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default described in Section 10.1(e) ), Administrative Agent shall, at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Purchasers, by notice to Seller and Servicer declare the Purchase Termination Date to have occurred and the Liquidation Period to have commenced and shall have all of the remedies set forth in Section 9.3 or otherwise herein or in equity or at law. 
 73 
 770272219 16509877 

(b) Automatic Liquidation . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 10.1(e) , the Purchase Termination Date shall occur and the Liquidation Period shall commence automatically. 
 (c) Remedies . Upon, or at any time after, the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to this Section 10.2 , no Purchases or Reinvestments thereafter will be made. Upon the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to this Section 10.2 , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies under this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, (i) all other rights and remedies provided under the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction and other Applicable Laws (including all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (including the right to sell any or all of the Seller Assets subject hereto)) and (ii) all rights and remedies with respect to the Seller Assets granted pursuant to Section 9.1 , all of which rights shall be cumulative. 
 (d) Specific Remedies . (i) Without limiting Section 10.2(c) or any other provision herein or in any other Transaction Document, the parties hereto agree that the terms of this Section 10.2(d) are agreed upon in accordance with Section 9-603 of the New York UCC, that they do not believe the terms of this Section 10.2(d) to be manifestly unreasonable for purposes of Section 9-603 of the New York UCC, and that compliance therewith shall constitute a commercially reasonable disposition under Section 9-610 of the New York UCC, and further agree as follows 
 (ii) After the occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to Section 10.2(a) or Section 10.2(b) , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall have all rights, remedies and recourse granted in any Transaction Document and any other instrument executed to provide security for or in connection with the payment and performance of the Obligations or existing at common law or equity (including specifically those granted by the New York UCC and the UCC of any other state which governs the creation or perfection (and the effect thereof) of any security interest in the Seller Assets), and such rights and remedies (A) shall be cumulative and concurrent (B) may be pursued separately, successively or concurrently against Seller, any Originator and Performance Guarantor and any other party obligated under the Transaction Documents, or any of such Seller Assets, or any other security for the Obligations, or any of them, at the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties (C) may be exercised as often as occasion therefor shall arise, it being agreed by Seller, Servicer, each Originator, Performance Guarantor and any other party obligated under the Transaction Documents, or any of such Seller Assets, or any other security for the Obligations, or any of them, that the exercise or failure to exercise any of same shall in no event be construed as a waiver or release thereof or of any other right, remedy or recourse and (D) are intended to be and shall be, non exclusive. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any disposition of the Seller Assets or any part thereof (including any purchase by 
 74 
 770272219 16509877 

Administrative Agent, any Affected Party, or any Affiliate of any of them) in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.2 for consideration which is insufficient, after payment of all related costs and expenses of every kind, to satisfy the Obligations, (1) such disposition shall not act as, and shall not be deemed to be, a waiver of any rights by Administrative Agent or the Affected Parties and Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties shall have a claim for such deficiency and (2) Administrative Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any such deficiency. 
 (iii) Upon the declaration or automatic occurrence of the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to Section 10.2(a) or Section 10.2(b) , Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, shall (at the direction of the Required Purchasers) have the right, in accordance with this Section 10.2(d) , to dispose of the Seller Assets or any part thereof upon giving at least ten (10) Business Days prior notice to Seller and Servicer of the time and place of disposition, for cash or upon credit or for future delivery, with Seller and Servicer hereby waiving all rights, if any, to require Administrative Agent or any other Person to marshal the Seller Assets and at the option and in the complete discretion of Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may 
 (I) dispose of the Seller Assets or any part thereof at a public disposition 
 (II) dispose of the Seller Assets or any part thereof at a private disposition, in which event such notice shall also contain a summary of the material terms of the proposed disposition, and Seller shall have until the time of such proposed disposition during which to redeem the Seller Assets or to procure a Person willing, ready and able to acquire the Seller Assets on terms at least as favorable to Seller and the Affected Parties, and if such an acquirer is so procured, then Administrative Agent shall dispose of the Seller Assets to the acquirer so procured 
 (III) dispose of the Seller Assets or any part thereof in bulk or parcels 
 (IV) dispose of the Seller Assets or any part thereof to any Affected Party or any Affiliate thereof at a public disposition 
 (V) bid for and acquire, unless prohibited by Applicable Law, free from any redemption right, the Seller Assets or any part thereof, and, if the Affected Parties are then the holders of any Obligations or any participation or other interest therein, in lieu of paying cash therefor, Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties may make settlement for the selling price by crediting the net selling price, if any, after deducting all costs and expenses of every kind, upon the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations, in such order and manner as Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties, in its discretion, may deem advisable and as permissible and required under the 
 75 
 770272219 16509877 

Transaction Documents. Administrative Agent for the benefit of Affected Parties, upon so acquiring the Seller Assets or any part thereof shall be entitled to hold or otherwise deal with or dispose of the same in any manner not prohibited by Applicable Law or 
 (VI) enforce any other remedy available to Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties at law or in equity. 
 From time to time Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, postpone the time and change the place of any proposed disposition of any of the Seller Assets for which notice has been given as provided above and may retain the Seller Assets until such time as the proposed disposition occurs if, in the sole discretion of Administrative Agent, such postponement or change is necessary or appropriate in order that the provisions of this Agreement applicable to such disposition may be fulfilled or in order to obtain more favorable conditions under which such disposition may take place. Seller and CHS each acknowledges and agrees that private dispositions may be made at prices and upon other terms less favorable than might have been attained if the Seller Assets were disposed of at public disposition. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to make any disposition of the Seller Assets or any part thereof notwithstanding any prior notice of a proposed disposition. No demand, advertisement or notice, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Seller and CHS to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, shall be required in connection with any disposition of the Seller Assets or any part thereof, except for the notice described in this clause (iii) . 
 In case of any disposition by Administrative Agent of any of the Seller Assets on credit, which may be elected at the option and in the complete discretion of Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Affected Parties, the Seller Assets so disposed may be retained by Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties until the disposition price is paid by the purchaser, but neither Administrative Agent nor the Affected Parties shall incur any liability in case of failure of the purchaser to take up and pay for the Seller Assets so disposed. In case of any such failure, such Seller Assets so disposed may be again disposed. 
 After deducting all costs or expenses of every kind (including the attorneys fees and legal expenses incurred by Administrative Agent or the Affected Parties, or both), Administrative Agent shall apply the residue of the proceeds of any disposition or dispositions, if any, to pay the principal of and interest upon the Obligations in such order and manner as Administrative Agent in its discretion may deem advisable and as permissible and required under the Transaction Documents. The excess, if any, shall be paid to Seller in accordance with the Transaction Documents. Neither Administrative Agent nor the Affected Parties shall incur any liability as a result of the dispositions of the Seller Assets at 
 76 
 770272219 16509877 

any private or public disposition that complies with the provisions of this Section 10.2(d) . 
 Notwithstanding a foreclosure upon any of the Seller Assets or exercise of any other remedy by Administrative Agent on behalf of the Affected Parties in connection with the Purchase Termination Date pursuant to Section 10.2 , neither Seller nor CHS shall be subrogated thereby to any rights of Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties against the Seller Assets or any other security for the Obligations, nor shall Seller or CHS be deemed to be the owner of any interest in any Obligations, or exercise any rights or remedies with respect to itself or any other party until the Obligations have been paid to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Affected Parties and are fully and indefeasibly performed and discharged. 
 Administrative Agent shall have no duty to prepare or process the Seller Assets for disposition. 
 ARTICLE XI PURCHASER AGENTS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS 
 SECTION 11.1 Authorization and Action of Program Administrator . Pursuant to its related Program Administration Agreement, each of Nieuw Amsterdam and Victory has appointed and authorized its related Program Administrator (or its respective designees) to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to its related Program Administrator by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 SECTION 11.2 Limited Liability of Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Administrative Agent . The obligations of Administrative Agent, each Program Administrator, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider and each agent for any Purchaser under the Transaction Documents are solely the corporate obligations of such Person. Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Person (including with respect to the servicing, administering or collecting Pool Assets by such Person as successor Servicer pursuant to Section 8.1 ), no claim may be made by CHS, Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator against any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, any Enhancement Provider, any Liquidity Provider or any agent for any Purchaser or their respective Affiliates, directors, members, managers, officers, employees, attorneys or agents, including Global Securitization Services, LLC, any Program Administrator, MUFG and Rabobank, for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith and each of Seller and CHS hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages not expressly permitted by this 
 77 
 770272219 16509877 

Section 11.2 , whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. The parties agree that (a) MUFG shall have no obligation, in its capacity as a Program Administrator for Victory or otherwise to take any actions under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document if MUFG is relieved of its obligations as a Program Administrator and (b) Rabobank shall have no obligation, in its capacity as a Program Administrator for Nieuw Amsterdam or otherwise to take any actions under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document if Rabobank is relieved of its obligations as a Program Administrator. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary (i) in no event shall Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent ever be required to take any action which exposes it to personal liability or which is contrary to the provision of any Transaction Document or Applicable Law and (ii) neither Administrative Agent nor any Purchaser Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any other Person, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent shall be read into this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, Administrative Agent shall act solely as the agent of the Purchasers, the Purchaser Agents and the other Affected Parties, as applicable, and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor, CHS or any other Person. 
 SECTION 11.3 Authorization and Action of each Purchaser Agent . By its execution hereof, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser and Committed Purchaser, and by accepting the benefits hereof, each Enhancement Provider and Liquidity Provider, each such party hereby designates and appoints its related Purchaser Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Purchaser Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each Purchaser Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any actions and exercise any rights or remedies, in each case, authorized or provided for under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and any related agreements and documents. 
 SECTION 11.4 Authorization and Action of Administrative Agent . By its execution hereof, in the case of each Conduit Purchaser, Committed Purchaser and Purchaser Agent, each such party hereby designates and appoints MUFG as the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any actions and exercise any rights or remedies, in each case, authorized or provided for under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and any related agreements and documents. 
 SECTION 11.5 Delegation of Duties of each Purchaser Agent . Each Purchaser Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Purchaser Agent shall be 
 78 
 770272219 16509877 

responsible to any Purchaser in its Purchaser Group for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 SECTION 11.6 Delegation of Duties of Administrative Agent . Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties through agents or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any other Person for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 SECTION 11.7 Successor Agent . The Administrative Agent may, upon at least 30 days written notice to the Seller and each Purchaser Agent, resign as Administrative Agent. Such resignation shall not become effective until a successor agent (i) is appointed by the Required Purchasers and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Seller and (ii) has accepted such appointment. Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor agent, such successor agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. At the cost of the Seller, the resigning Administrative Agent shall promptly execute, deliver and file all further instruments and documents (including UCC-3 financing statement assignments) necessary, and take all further action that the successor Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from time to time, in order to effect such assignment and perfect the successor Administrative Agent s first priority perfected security interest in the Pool Assets and the other Seller Assets. 
 SECTION 11.8 Indemnification . Each Committed Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Seller or the Servicer and without limiting the obligation of the Seller or the Servicer to do so), ratably in accordance with its Commitment from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind whatsoever (including in connection with any investigative or threatened proceeding, whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Person is designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent for such Person as a result of, or related to, any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection therewith (but excluding any such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses or disbursements to the extent resulting solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Person as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 SECTION 11.9 Reliance, etc. Without limiting the generality of Section 11.2 , each of any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any Enhancement Provider and any Liquidity Provider (a) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for Seller), independent certified public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice 
 79 
 770272219 16509877 

of such counsel, accountants or experts (b) makes no warranty or representation to any Purchaser or any other holder of any interest in Pool Assets and shall not be responsible to any Purchaser or any such other holder for any statements, warranties or representations made by other Persons in or in connection with any Transaction Document (c) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of any Transaction Document on the part of Seller or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of Seller (d) shall not be responsible to any Purchaser or any other holder of any interest in the Asset Interest for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any Transaction Document and (e) shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by acting upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by facsimile or telex) believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. 
 SECTION 11.10 Purchasers and Affiliates . Any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, any Program Administrator, Administrative Agent and any of their respective Affiliates may generally engage in any kind of business with Seller, each Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Account Debtor or Obligor, any of their respective Affiliates and any Person who may do business with or own securities of Seller, each Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any Account Debtor or Obligor or any of their respective Affiliates, all as if it was not a Purchaser, a Purchaser Agent, a Program Administrator or Administrative Agent hereunder, and without any duty to account therefor to any Purchaser or any other holder of an interest in Pool Assets. 
 SECTION 11.11 Sharing of Recoveries . Each Purchaser agrees that if it receives any recovery, through set-off, judicial action or otherwise, on any amount payable or recoverable hereunder in a greater proportion than should have been received hereunder or otherwise inconsistent with the provisions hereof, then the recipient of such recovery shall purchase for cash an interest in amounts owing to the other Purchasers (as return of such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment or otherwise), without representation or warranty except for the representation and warranty that such interest is being sold by each such other Purchaser free and clear of any lien created or granted by such other Purchaser, in the amount necessary to create proportional participation by the Purchaser in such recovery. If all or any portion of such amount is thereafter recovered from the recipient, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 SECTION 11.12 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers . Each Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Administrative Agent, or any Purchaser Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser Agent, as applicable. Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents that, independently and without reliance upon 
 80 
 770272219 16509877 

the Administrative Agent, Purchaser Agents or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator, and the Assets and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take, or omit, action under any Transaction Document. Except for items specifically required to be delivered hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Purchaser Agent with any information concerning the Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or each Originator or any of their Affiliates that comes into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
 ARTICLE XII INDEMNIFICATION 
 SECTION 12.1 Indemnities by Seller . 
 (a) General Indemnity . Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, but subject to Sections 12.1(b) and 13.5 , Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Administrative Agent, each Program Administrator, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider, each other Affected Party, any sub-agent of Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any assignee or successor of any of the foregoing and each of their respective Affiliates, and all directors, members, managers, directors, shareholders, officers, employees and attorneys or agents of any of the foregoing (each an Indemnified Party ), forthwith on demand, from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities and related costs and expenses (including all filing fees), including reasonable attorneys , consultants and accountants fees and disbursements but excluding all Excluded Taxes other than any amounts reimbursable pursuant to Section 4.3 (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of, relating to or in connection with the Transaction Documents, any of the transactions contemplated thereby, or the ownership, maintenance or funding, directly or indirectly, of the Asset Interest (or any part thereof) or in respect of or related to any Seller Assets, including Pool Assets or any Related Assets or otherwise arising out of or relating to or resulting from the actions or inactions of Seller, any Originator, Servicer, CHS, Performance Guarantor or any other party to a Transaction Document provided , however , notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article XII , in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses, liabilities or other Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any sum due under its Pool Assets by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable 
 81 
 770272219 16509877 

Account Debtor or Obligor). Without limiting the foregoing, Seller shall indemnify, subject to the express limitations set forth in this Section 12.1 , and hold harmless each Indemnified Party for any and all Indemnified Amounts arising out of, relating to or resulting from 
 (i) Any Pool Asset treated as or represented by Seller or Servicer to be an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable, which is not at the applicable time an Eligible Receivable or Eligible Loan, as applicable 
 (ii) the transfer by Seller or any Originator of any interest in any Pool Asset other than the transfer of any Pool Asset and Related Assets to Administrative Agent and any Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, to Administrative Agent and to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and the grant of a security interest to Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement and to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement 
 (iii) any representation or warranty made by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) (or any of their respective officers or Affiliates) under or in connection with any Transaction Document, any Information Package or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of Seller pursuant hereto, which shall have been untrue, false or incorrect when made or deemed made 
 (iv) the failure of Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to comply with the terms of any Transaction Document or any Applicable Law (including with respect to any Pool Asset or Related Assets), or the nonconformity of any Pool Asset or Related Assets with any such Applicable Law 
 (v) the lack of an enforceable ownership interest, or a first priority perfected security interest, in the Pool Assets (and all Related Assets) against all Persons (including any bankruptcy trustee or similar Person) 
 (vi) the failure to file, or any delay in filing of, financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or under any other Applicable Laws with respect to any Pool Asset whether at the time of any Purchase or Reinvestment or at any time thereafter 
 (vii) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy) of the Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to the payment of any Pool Asset in, or purporting to be in, the Asset Pool (including a defense based on such (x) Pool Receivable s or the related Receivable Documentation s or (y) Pool Loan s or the related Loan Documents not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms) or any other claim resulting from the sale 
 82 
 770272219 16509877 

of the merchandise or services related to such Pool Asset or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services 
 (viii) any suit or claim related to the Pool Assets or any Transaction Document (including any products liability or environmental liability claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise or services that are the subject of any Pool Asset to the extent not covered pursuant to Section 13.5 ), other than any such suit or claim that arises as a result of the failure of any Account Debtor or Obligor, as applicable, to pay any sum due under its Pool Asset by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor) 
 (ix) the ownership, delivery, non-delivery, possession, design, construction, use, maintenance, transportation, performance (whether or not according to specifications), operation (including the failure to operate or faulty operation), condition, return, sale, repossession or other disposition or safety of any Related Assets (including claims for patent, trademark, or copyright infringement and claims for injury to persons or property, liability principles, or otherwise, and claims of breach of warranty, whether express or implied) 
 (x) the failure by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to notify any Account Debtor or Obligor of the assignment pursuant to the terms hereof of any Pool Asset to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Purchasers or the failure to require that payments (including any under the related insurance policies) be made directly to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Purchasers 
 (xi) failure by Seller, CHS or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to comply with the bulk sales or analogous laws of any jurisdiction 
 (xii) any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) imposed upon any Indemnified Party or upon or with respect to the Pool Assets, all interest and penalties thereon or with respect thereto, and all costs and expenses related thereto or arising therefrom, including the fees and expenses of counsel in defending against the same 
 (xiii) any loss arising, directly or indirectly, as a result of the imposition of sales or similar transfer type taxes or the failure by Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer to timely collect and remit to the appropriate authority any such taxes 
 (xiv) any commingling of any Collections by Seller, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or Servicer relating to the Pool Assets with any of their funds or the funds of any other Person 
 83 
 770272219 16509877 

(xv) any failure by Seller, CHS, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any other party to a Transaction Document (other than such Indemnified Party) to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
 (xvi) the failure or delay to provide any Account Debtor or Obligor with an invoice or other evidence of indebtedness 
 (xvii) any inability of any Originator or Seller to assign any Pool Asset or Related Asset as contemplated under the Transaction Documents or the violation or breach by any Originator, Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates of any confidentiality provision, or of any similar covenant of non-disclosure, or any other Indemnified Amount with respect to or resulting from any such violation or breach or 
 (xviii) any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC or any other Governmental Authority administering any Anti-Terrorism Law, Anti-Corruption Law or Sanctions, and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable documented legal fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, any Indemnified Party in connection with the Transaction Documents as a result of any action of Seller, CHS, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates. 
 (b) Contest of Tax Claim After-Tax Basis . Subject to the provisions of Section 3.3 , if any Indemnified Party shall have notice of any attempt to impose or collect any Indemnified Tax or governmental fee or charge for which indemnification will be sought from Seller under Sections 12.1(a)(xii) or (xiii) , such Indemnified Party shall give prompt and timely notice of such attempt to Seller and Seller shall, provided that Seller shall first deposit with the applicable Purchaser Agent amounts which are sufficient to pay both the aforesaid tax, fee or charge and the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Parties, have the right, at its sole expense, to control any proceedings resisting or objecting to the imposition or collection of any such Tax, governmental fee or charge and no such contest shall be settled or otherwise compromised without such Indemnified Party s prior written consent. Indemnification in respect of such tax, governmental fee or charge shall be in an amount necessary to make the Indemnified Party whole after taking into account any tax consequences to the Indemnified Party of the payment of any of the aforesaid Taxes and the receipt of the indemnity provided hereunder or of any refund of any such Tax previously indemnified hereunder, including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount of Tax measured by net income or profits which is or was payable by the Indemnified Party. 
 (c) Contribution . If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this Section 12.1 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then Seller shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such 
 84 
 770272219 16509877 

Indemnified Party on the one hand and Seller on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
 SECTION 12.2 Indemnity by Servicer . Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, Servicer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from any and all Indemnified Amounts incurred by any of them and arising out of, relating to or resulting from (i) any failure by Servicer to perform its duties or obligations as Servicer hereunder or under any other Transaction Document in accordance with this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or to comply with any Applicable Law, (ii) any breach of any of Servicer s representations, warranties or covenants under any Transaction Document, (iii) any claim brought by any Person other than an Indemnified Party arising from Servicer s servicing or collection activities with respect to the Pool Assets, (iv) any commingling of any funds by it (in any capacity) relating to the Asset Interest with any of its funds or the funds of any other Person, or (v) any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC or any other Governmental Authority administering any Anti-Terrorism Law, Anti-Corruption Law or Sanctions, and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable documented legal fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with defense thereof by, any Indemnified Party in connection with the Transaction Documents as a result of any action of Servicer or any of its respective Affiliates provided , however , that in all events there shall be excluded from the foregoing indemnification any damages, claims, losses, costs, expenses or liabilities to the extent resulting from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) the failure of an Account Debtor or Obligor to pay any sum due under its Pool Asset by reason of the financial or credit condition of such Account Debtor or Obligor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor or Obligor). 
 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 13.1 Amendments, Etc . Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 4.4 , no amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement nor consent to any departure by Seller or Servicer therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Seller, Administrative Agent, Servicer and the Required Purchasers, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or modification shall (i) decrease the outstanding amount of, or extend the repayment of or any scheduled payment date for the payment of, any Yield in respect of the Total Investment or any fees owed to any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or Administrative Agent without the prior written consent of such Person (ii) forgive or waive or otherwise excuse any repayment of the Total Investment without the prior written consent of each Purchaser and the related Purchaser Agent affected thereby (iii) increase the Commitment or Uncommitted Amount of any Purchaser without its prior written consent (iv) amend or modify the ratable share of any Committed Purchaser s Commitment or its percentage of the Purchasers Total Commitment without such Committed Purchaser s prior written consent (v) amend or modify the provisions 
 85 
 770272219 16509877 

of this Section 13.1 , Section 10.1 or the definition of Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount , Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables) , Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) , CP Return Reserve Exclusion Event , Delinquent Loan , Delinquent Receivable , Defaulted Loan , Defaulted Receivable , Eligible Loan , Eligible Receivable , Event of Default , Legal Final Settlement Date , Loan Investment Base , Loan Pool Excess Spread Percentage , Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage , Net Loan Pool Balance , Net Pool Balance , Net Receivables Pool Balance , Purchase Termination Date , Purchaser Group Investment , Receivables Investment Base , Related Asset , Related Security , Required Purchasers , Required Loan Reserves , Required Receivable Reserves , Required Reserves , RESAP Exclusion Event , Servicer Termination Event , Specified Regulation , Total Investment , Unmatured Event of Default , Unmatured Servicer Termination Event or Yield Period or any of the definitions used in any such preceding definition, in each case without the prior written consent of each Committed Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent, or (vi) release all or any material part of the Asset Interest from the security interest granted by the Seller to the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of each Committed Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent provided , further , that the consent of Seller and Servicer shall not be required for the effectiveness of any amendment which modifies on a prospective basis, the representations, warranties, covenants or responsibilities of Servicer at any time when Servicer is not CHS or an Affiliate of CHS or a successor Servicer is designated by Administrative Agent through a Successor Notice provided , further , that (x) any amendment, waiver or modification to Section 3.1(d) that adversely affects the rights, duties or obligations of the Custodian or any other amendment, waiver or modification that adversely affects the fees, expenses or indemnities due to the Custodian or (y) any other amendment, modification or waiver that adversely affects the rights, duties or obligations of the Custodian in any material respect, in each case, shall require the prior written consent of the Custodian. Notwithstanding anything in any Transaction Document to the contrary, none of Seller or Servicer shall amend, waive or otherwise modify any other Transaction Document, or consent to any such amendment or modification, without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. 
 SECTION 13.2 Notices, Etc . All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile and email communication) and shall be personally delivered or sent by express mail or nationally recognized overnight courier or by certified mail, first class postage prepaid, or by facsimile or email, to the intended party at the address, facsimile number or email address of such party set forth in Schedule 13.2 or at such other address, facsimile number or email address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective, (a) if personally delivered or sent by express mail or courier or if sent by certified mail, when received, and (b) if transmitted by facsimile or email, when receipt is confirmed by telephonic or electronic means. 
 SECTION 13.3 Successors and Assigns Participations Assignments . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Except as 
 86 
 770272219 16509877 

otherwise provided herein, neither Seller nor Servicer may assign or transfer any of its rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder or under any Transaction Document without the prior consent of Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
 (b) Participations . Any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each a Participant participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder provided , however , that no Purchaser shall grant any participation under which the Participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and Seller, Servicer, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchaser s rights and obligations hereunder. A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchaser s right to agree to any amendment hereto, except amendments that require the consent of all Purchasers. Such Purchaser shall notify the Seller of any such Participant and the amount of such Participant s participating interest. 
 (c) Assignment by Conduit Purchasers . This Agreement and each Conduit Purchaser s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including its interest in the Asset Interest) or any other Transaction Document shall be freely assignable in whole or in part by such Conduit Purchaser and its successors and permitted assigns to any Eligible Assignee without the consent of Seller unless Seller s consent is required pursuant to the definition of Eligible Assignee . Each assignor of all or a portion of its interest in the Asset Interest shall notify Administrative Agent, the related Purchaser Agent and Seller of any such assignment. Each assignor of all or a portion of its interest in the Asset Interest may, in connection with such assignment and subject to Section 13.8 , disclose to the assignee any information relating to the Asset Interest, furnished to such assignor by or on behalf of Seller, Servicer or Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Assignment by Committed Purchasers . (i) Each Committed Purchaser may freely assign to any Eligible Assignee without the consent of Seller unless Seller s consent is required pursuant to the definition of Eligible Assignee all or a portion of any of its other rights and obligations under this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document (including all or a portion of its Commitment and its interest in the Asset Interest), in each case, with prior written notice to Administrative Agent, the related Purchaser Agent and Seller provided , however , that the parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent and to Seller, for its recording in the Register, a duly executed and enforceable joinder to this Agreement Joinder ). 
 (ii) From and after the effective date specified in such Joinder, (x) the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement have been assigned to it pursuant to such Joinder, have the rights and obligations of a Committed Purchaser thereunder and (y) the assigning Committed Purchaser shall, to the extent that rights and obligations have been assigned by it pursuant to such Joinder, 
 87 
 770272219 16509877 

relinquish such rights and be released from such obligations under this Agreement. In addition, any Committed Purchaser may assign all or any portion of its rights (including its interest in the Asset Interest) under this Agreement to any Federal Reserve Bank without notice to or consent of Seller, Servicer, any other Committed Purchaser, Conduit Purchaser or Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Register . 
 (i) Seller or CHS on Seller s behalf shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Purchasers, and the Purchases (and Yield, fees and other similar amounts under this Agreement) pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Seller, CHS and the Purchasers shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a lender solely for U.S. federal income tax and accounting purposes. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Purchaser, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (ii) Seller or CHS on Seller s behalf shall also maintain in the Register each Participant s and or assignee s interest or obligations under the Transaction Documents with respect to each participation or assignment pursuant to Section 13.3(b) or 13.3(c) and shall record such participation or assignment upon notice from the Administrative Agent or the applicable Purchaser provided that no Person shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, purchases or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such interest or obligation that is treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (f) Opinions of Counsel . If requested by Administrative Agent or an assigning Purchaser or related Purchaser Agent or necessary to maintain the ratings of any Conduit Purchaser s Commercial Paper Notes, each assignment agreement or transfer supplement, as the case may be, must be accompanied by an opinion of counsel of the assignee as to such matters as Administrative Agent or such Purchaser or related Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. 
 SECTION 13.4 No Waiver Remedies . No failure on the part of Administrative Agent, any Liquidity Provider, any Enhancement Provider, any Affected Party, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any Indemnified Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law. Any waiver 
 88 
 770272219 16509877 

of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. Without limiting the foregoing, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, MUFG, individually and as Administrative Agent, each Enhancement Provider, each Liquidity Provider, each Affected Party, and any of their Affiliates (the Set-off Parties are each hereby authorized by Servicer and Seller at any time and from time to time following the occurrence of any Event of Default that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement (without notice to Servicer, Seller or any other Person (any such notice being expressly waived by Servicer and Seller)), to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by, and other indebtedness at any time owing to, any such Set-off Party to or for the credit to the account of Servicer or Seller, as applicable, against any and all obligations of Servicer or Seller, as applicable, now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, to any Set-off Party. 
 SECTION 13.5 Binding Effect Survival . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Seller, CHS, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent, and the provisions of Section 4.2 and Article XII shall inure to the benefit of the Affected Parties and Indemnified Parties, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns. 
 (b) Each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider and each other Affected Party are express third party beneficiaries hereof. Subject to clause (i) of Section B of Appendix A , this Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any other Person, other than the third party beneficiaries specified in this Section 13.5(b) . 
 (c) This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. The rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made by Seller pursuant to Article VI and the indemnification and payment provisions of Article XII and Sections 1.2(f) , 3.2 , 3.3 , 4.1 , 4.2 , 4.3 , 11.8 , 11.11 , 13.4 , 13.5 , 13.6 , 13.7 , 13.8 , 13.11 , 13.12 , 13.13 , 13.15 , 13.16 and 13.17 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 13.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes . In addition to its obligations under Article XII , Seller agrees to pay on demand 
 (a) All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of Administrative Agent, each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and each other Affected Party in connection with 
 (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any amendment of or consent or waiver under any of the Transaction Documents (whether or not consummated), or the enforcement of, or any actual or reasonably claimed breach of, this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, including 
 89 
 770272219 16509877 

reasonable accountants , auditors , Rating Agencies , consultants and attorneys fees and expenses to any of such Persons and the fees and charges of any independent accountants, auditors, Rating Agencies, consultants or other agents incurred in connection with any of the foregoing or in advising such Persons as to their respective rights and remedies under any of the Transaction Documents in connection with any of the foregoing and 
 (ii) the administration (including periodic auditing as provided for herein) of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, including all reasonable expenses and accountants , consultants and attorneys fees incurred in connection with the administration and maintenance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and 
 (b) all stamp and other similar Taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 
 SECTION 13.7 No Proceedings . 
 (a) Seller, Servicer, Administrative Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent each hereby agrees that it will not institute against any Conduit Purchaser, or join any other Person in instituting against any Conduit Purchaser, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event from the Closing Date until one year (or, if longer, any applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day following the last day on which all Commercial Paper Notes and other publicly or privately placed indebtedness for borrowed money of such Conduit Purchaser shall have been indefeasibly paid in full. The foregoing shall not limit any such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such parties. 
 (b) Servicer, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent each hereby agrees that it will not institute against Seller, or join any other Person in instituting against Seller, any proceeding of the type referred to in the definition of Insolvency Event provided , however , that Administrative Agent, with the prior consent of the Required Purchasers, may, or shall at the direction of the Required Purchasers institute or join any other Person in instituting any such proceeding against Seller. The foregoing shall not limit any such Person s right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than such parties. 
 SECTION 13.8 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Each of Seller and Servicer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Program Information (as defined below), except that Program Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to 
 90 
 770272219 16509877 

whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Program Information and instructed to keep such Program Information confidential) (ii) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process (iv) to any other party to this Agreement (v) in connection with any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder (vi) with the consent of the Purchaser Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or (vii) to the extent such Program Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 13.8(a) or (B) becomes available to Seller or Servicer on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof). For the purposes of this Section, Program Information means (i) any information regarding the pricing terms contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) any information regarding the organization, business or operations of any Purchaser generally or the services performed by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser under the Transaction Documents or (iii) any information which is furnished by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent to Seller or Servicer and is designated by Administrative Agent or any Purchaser Agent to such party in writing as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Program Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Program Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 (b) Availability of Confidential Information . This Section 13.8 shall be inoperative as to such portions of the Program Information which are or become generally available to the public or such party on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Administrative Agent or were known to such party on a nonconfidential basis prior to its disclosure by Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Legal Compulsion to Disclose . In the event that any party or anyone to whom such party or its representatives transmits the Program Information is requested or becomes legally compelled (by interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any of the Program Information, such party shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, provide Administrative Agent, each Purchaser Agent and CHS with prompt written notice so that Administrative Agent may at the expense of CHS seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and or if it so chooses, agree that such party may disclose such Program Information pursuant to such request or legal compulsion. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or Administrative Agent waives compliance with the provisions of this Section 13.8(c) , such party will furnish only that portion of the Program Information which (in such party s good faith judgment) is legally required to be furnished and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Program Information. 
 91 
 770272219 16509877 

(d) Confidentiality of Administrative Agent and Purchasers . Each Affected Party and its successors and assigns agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and be instructed and agree or be otherwise bound to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority, (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided , however , to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and if practical to do so under the circumstances, that the Person relying on this clause (iii) shall provide Seller with prompt notice of any such required disclosure so that Seller may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy, and in the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, such Person will furnish only that portion of the Information which is legally required, (iv) to any other Affected Party, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, (vii) to any prospective participant or assignee provided such person agrees to be bound by this Section 13.8(d) , (viii) with the consent of Seller, (ix) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or any Transaction Document or (2) becomes available to such Person on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Servicer or its Subsidiaries (and not in breach of this Section or any agreement contemplated by this Section) or (x) to any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as contemplated by Section 17g-5 of the Exchange Act or in connection with obtaining or monitoring a rating on any Commercial Paper Notes. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate relating to Seller or Servicer or any Affiliate or their business, other than any such information that is available to such Person on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by Servicer or any Affiliate. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 SECTION 13.9 Captions and Cross References . The various captions (including the table of contents) in this Agreement are provided solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Agreement to any Section, Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit are to such Section of or Appendix, Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as the case may be, and references in any Section, subsection, or clause to any subsection, clause or subclause are to such subsection, clause or subclause of such Section, subsection or clause. 
 SECTION 13.10 Integration . This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, contains a final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire understanding 
 92 
 770272219 16509877 

among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. 
 SECTION 13.11 GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION, THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE INTERESTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER IN THE POOL ASSETS OR RELATED ASSETS IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 SECTION 13.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. 
 SECTION 13.13 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION WAIVER OF IMMUNITIES . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
 (a) IT IRREVOCABLY (i) SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION, FIRST, OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT, AND SECOND, IF FEDERAL JURISDICTION IS NOT AVAILABLE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT, IN EITHER CASE SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, (ii) AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED ONLY IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT AND NOT IN ANY OTHER COURT, AND (iii) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. 
 (b) TO THE EXTENT THAT IT HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM THE JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID TO EXECUTION, EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
 SECTION 13.14 Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of 
 93 
 770272219 16509877 

which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile, by electronic mail attachment in portable document format (.pdf) or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. The words execution , signed , signature , and words of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 13.15 No Recourse Against Other Parties . No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of Seller, Servicer or any of the other parties hereto contained in this Agreement shall be had against any stockholder, employee, officer, director, member, manager, incorporator or organizer of such party or any Affiliate thereof other than CHS in its capacities as a stockholder or member. 
 SECTION 13.16 Pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including in Section 13.3 ), (i) each Committed Purchaser or any assignee or participant thereof or (ii) in the event that any Conduit Purchaser assigns any of its interest in, to and under the Asset Interest to any Liquidity Provider or Enhancement Provider, any such Person, may at any time pledge, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Asset Interest or under this Agreement to secure the obligations of such Person to a Federal Reserve Bank or otherwise to any other federal Governmental Authority or special purpose entity formed or sponsored by any such federal Governmental Authority, in each case without notice to or the consent of Seller or Servicer, but such pledge, grant or transfer shall not relieve any Person from its obligations hereunder. 
 SECTION 13.17 Pledge to a Collateral Trustee . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein (including in Section 13.3 ), each Conduit Purchaser may at any time pledge, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its interest in the Asset Interest or under this Agreement to its collateral agent or trustee under such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper note program, in each case without notice to or the consent of Seller or Servicer, but such pledge, grant or transfer shall not relieve any Person from its obligations (if any) hereunder. 
 SECTION 13.18 Severability . Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 94 
 770272219 16509877 

SECTION 13.19 No Party Deemed Drafter . CHS, Servicer, Seller, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent and Administrative Agent agree that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 13.20 PATRIOT Act . Each Purchaser Agent hereby notifies Seller and Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), one or more of the Affected Parties are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Seller and Servicer, which information includes the name and address of Seller and Servicer and other information that will allow the Affected Parties to identify Seller and Servicer in accordance with the Patriot Act. Seller and Servicer shall, promptly following a request by any Affected Party, provide all documentation and other information that any Affected Party requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 
 SECTION 13.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In if Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 13.22 Amendment and Restatement . This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Original Agreement among the parties hereto. Upon the occurrence of the Effective Date, (a) the terms and provisions of the Original Agreement shall be amended, 
 95 
 770272219 16509877 

superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement and, unless expressly stated to the contrary, each reference to the Original Agreement in any of the Transaction Documents or any other document, instrument or agreement delivered in connection therewith shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement, (b) this Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation of the Original Agreement or the obligations and liabilities existing thereunder, (c) the commitment of each Committed Purchaser (as defined in the Original Agreement) that is a party to the Original Agreement shall, on the Effective Date, automatically be deemed restated and the only Commitments shall be those hereunder, (d) with respect to any date or time period occurring and ending prior to the Effective Date, the rights and obligations of the parties to the Original Agreement shall be governed by the Original Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined therein), and (e) with respect to any date or time period occurring and ending on or after the Effective Date, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined herein). The liens, security interests and other interests in the Seller Assets granted under the Original Agreement are and shall remain legal, valid, binding and enforceable to the extent also constituting Seller Assets hereunder. Each of the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and confirm the continuing existence and effectiveness of such liens, security interests and other interests in such Seller Assets granted under the Original Agreement, and further agree that the execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not in any way release, diminish, impair, reduce or otherwise affect such liens, security interests and other interests in such Seller Assets granted under the Original Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 
 96 
 770272219 16509877 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 CHS INC. , individually and as initial Servicer By Name Title 
 COFINA FUNDING, LLC , as Seller By Name Title 
 
 770272219 16509877 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.) , as Administrative Agent By Name Title 
 VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION , as a Conduit Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.) , as a Committed Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.) , as Purchaser Agent for the MUFG Purchaser Group 
 By Name Title 
 
 770272219 16509877 

NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION B.V. , as a Conduit Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. , as a Committed Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 CO PERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A., NEW YORK BRANCH , as Purchaser Agent for the Rabobank Purchaser Group 
 By Name Title 

770272219 16509877 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Committed Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group 
 By Name Title 

770272219 16509877 

BANCO SANTANDER S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Committed Purchaser 
 By Name Title 
 By Name Title 
 BANCO SANTANDER S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH , as Purchaser Agent for the Santander Purchaser Group 
 By Name Title 
 By Name Title 

770272219 16509877 

APPENDIX A DEFINITIONS 
 This is Appendix A to the Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2017, as amended, among CHS INC., a Minnesota corporation, individually and as initial Servicer, COFINA FUNDING, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Seller, the various CONDUIT PURCHASERS, COMMITTED PURCHASERS and PURCHASER AGENTS from time to time party thereto, and MUFG BANK, LTD. (F K A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Administrative Agent. 
 A. Defined Terms. 
 As used in this Agreement, unless the context requires a different meaning, the following terms have the meanings indicated herein below 
 Accepting Purchaser Group is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii)(A) . 
 Accepting Purchaser Group Percentage means, with respect to any Accepting Purchaser Group, the percentage, expressed as a fraction, the numerator of which is the Uncommitted Amount of such Accepting Purchaser Group and the denominator of which is the aggregate Uncommitted Amount of each Accepting Purchaser Group. 
 Account Agreements means each Seller Account Agreement and each Originator Account Agreement. 
 Account Banks means BMO Harris Bank, N.A., Merchants Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A and Bremer Bank, National Association. 
 Account Debtor means a Person obligated to make payments with respect to a Receivable, including any guarantor thereof. 
 Account Debtor Concentration Limit means, at any time for any Account Debtor, the product of (i) 2.5 and (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of the Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans at the time of determination. 
 Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount means, at any time, the aggregate dollar amount (without duplication) by which each limitation set forth below is exceeded 
 (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables of any Account Debtor cannot exceed the Account Debtor Concentration Limit for such Account Debtor 
 (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are Governmental Authorities cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables 
 Appendix 1 
 770272219 16509877 

(iii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are principally located in each of the following states (individually) cannot exceed 
 (a) 35 (in the case of the largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state, after giving effect to this clause (iii)(a) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Loans for such state after giving effect to clause (ii)(a) of the definition of Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) shall not exceed the product of 35 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance, 
 (b) 30 (in the case of the second (2 nd largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state, after giving effect to this clause (iii)(b) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Loans for such state after giving effect to clause (ii)(b) of the definition of Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) shall not exceed the product of 30 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance, and 
 (c) 15 (in the case of the third (3 rd largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state, after giving effect to this clause (iii)(c) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Loans for such state after giving effect to clause (ii)(c) of the definition of Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) shall not exceed the product of 15 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance and 
 (iv) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the Account Debtors of which are principally located in any state, other than the three largest states in terms of Unpaid Balances referenced in clause (iii) above, cannot exceed 10 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables for any such state, after giving effect to this clause (iv) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Loans for such state after giving effect to clause (iii) of the definition of Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) shall not exceed the product of 10 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance. 
 Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) if the Loan Pool APR Percentage is equal to or higher than the Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage, zero and (b) at all other times, the Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage minus the Loan Pool APR Percentage. 
 Appendix 2 
 770272219 16509877 

Administrative Agent is defined in the preamble . 
 Adverse Claim means any ownership interest or claim, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, hypothecation, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including, but not limited to, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and any filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists at the time of the filing) it being understood that any of the foregoing in favor of, or assigned to, Administrative Agent shall not constitute an Adverse Claim. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affected Party means Administrative Agent, each Purchaser, each Purchaser Agent, each Liquidity Provider, each Enhancement Provider and each Program Administrator. 
 Affiliate when used with respect to a Person means any other Person Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, such Person. 
 Agreement is defined in the preamble . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to any CHS Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption including, but not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and any other applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 
 Anti-Terrorism Laws means each of (a) the Executive Order (b) the PATRIOT Act (c) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. Sect. 1956 and any successor statute thereto (d) the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (e) the Bank Secrecy Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (f) any other Applicable Law of the United States, Canada or any member state of the European Union now or hereafter enacted to monitor, deter or otherwise prevent (i) terrorism or (ii) the funding or support of terrorism or (iii) money laundering. 
 Applicable Law means any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, order, injunction, writ, decree, judgment, award or similar item of or by a Governmental Authority or any interpretation, implementation or application thereof. 
 Asset means any of, and Assets means all of, the Loans and the Receivables. 
 Asset Interest is defined in Section 1.2(c) . 
 Asset Pool means, collectively, the Loan Pool and the Receivables Pool. 
 Appendix 3 
 770272219 16509877 

Available Collections means all Collections other than those Collections used by the Seller to purchase Assets under the Sale Agreement. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of a Yield Period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for Yield calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Yield Period pursuant to Section 4.4(d) . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Rate (a) for any day falling in a particular Yield Period with respect to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser Group (other than the PNC Purchaser Group) means an interest rate per annum equal to the applicable Term SOFR for such Yield Period and (b) for any day falling in a particular Yield Period with respect to any Rate Tranche and the PNC Purchaser Group means an interest rate per annum equal to the applicable Daily 1M SOFR for such day. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code. 
 Base Rate means, with respect to any Purchaser, on any date, a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of 
 (a) the applicable Prime Rate for such date 
 (b) the Federal Funds Rate for such date, plus 0.50 
 (c) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such date, plus 1.00 and 
 (d) zero. 
 Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Appendix 4 
 770272219 16509877 

Basel Accord has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 Basel II has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 Basel III has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 Basel Committee has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 4.4(a) . 
 Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Seller giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for USD-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Seller giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for USD-denominated syndicated credit facilities. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 Appendix 5 
 770272219 16509877 

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. 
 Appendix 6 
 770272219 16509877 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90 th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.4 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.4 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day that is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions in such state are authorized or required by law to close. 
 CENEX Lift Loans means subordinated commercial term loans between owner operators of CENEX gas and convenience stores, as borrowers, and CHS Capital, as the lender. 
 Change of Control means any of the following (a) the failure of CHS to own, directly or indirectly (through one or more wholly owned subsidiaries), at least 100 of the membership interests in Seller and CHS Capital, free and clear of any Adverse Claim and (b) with respect to CHS, (i) any merger or consolidation of such entity into another Person, (ii) any merger or consolidation to which such entity shall be a party resulting in the creation of another Person, (iii) any Person succeeding to the properties and assets of such entity substantially as a whole or (iv) the acquisition by any Person, or two or more Persons acting in concert, together with Affiliates thereof, who is not a voting member of CHS as of the Effective Date (or such later date as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Exchange Act) of in the aggregate more than 50 of the aggregate voting power of the Voting Interests of CHS. 
 Appendix 7 
 770272219 16509877 

CHS is defined in the preamble . 
 CHS Capital means CHS Capital, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company. 
 CHS Credit Agreement means that certain 2019 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (5-Year Revolving Loan), dated as of July 16, 2019, by and between CHS, CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, the syndication parties party thereto from time to time and the other financial instructions party thereto as syndication agents, joint lead arrangers and co-bookrunners, without giving effect to any amendment, restatement, replacement, waiver, supplement or other modification that may occur from time to time thereto that has not been consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. 
 Closing Date means July 22, 2016. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 Collection Accounts means the Seller Collection Accounts and the Originator Collection Accounts. 
 Collections means, with respect to any Pool Asset, all funds which either (a) are received by Seller, any Originator, CHS, Servicer or any other Person from or on behalf of the related Account Debtors or Obligors in payment of any amounts owed (including purchase prices, finance charges, principal, interest and all other charges, recoveries and proceeds of Related Security) in respect of such Pool Asset, or applied to such other charges in respect of such Pool Asset, or applied to such amounts owed by such Account Debtors or Obligors, (b) are deemed to have been received by Seller or any other Person as a Collection pursuant to Section 3.2(a) (it being understood that Collections shall not refer to the purchase price paid by any Purchaser to Seller for Purchases of the Pool Assets and Related Assets pursuant to Section 1.1 ), (c) are paid or deemed paid by Seller as Repurchase Payments pursuant to Section 3.2(b) , or (d) constitute proceeds from the sale of such Pool Asset or any participation interest therein to the extent permitted by the Transaction Documents. 
 Commercial Loan means a loan facility characterized as a Commercial Loan under the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Commercial Paper Notes means short-term promissory notes issued or to be issued by a Conduit Purchaser to fund its investments in accounts receivable or other financial assets. 
 Commitment means, with respect to any Committed Purchaser, the maximum amount which such Committed Purchaser is obligated to pay hereunder on account of any Purchase, which amount is the amount set forth as its Commitment on Exhibit C . 
 Committed Purchase is defined in Section 1.1(a) . 
 Committed Purchaser means each Person listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
 Appendix 8 
 770272219 16509877 

Concentration Account means the account 2051415 maintained at the Account Bank in the name of the Seller. 
 Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) means, at any time, the aggregate dollar amount (without duplication) by which each limitation set forth below is exceeded 
 (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans of any Obligor cannot exceed the product of 2.5 and the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans 
 (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are principally located in each of the following states (individually) cannot exceed 
 (A) 35 (in the case of the largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans for such state, after giving effect to this clause (ii)(a) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state after giving effect to clause (iii)(a) of the definition of Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount shall not exceed the product of 35 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance, 
 (B) 30 (in the case of the second (2nd) largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans for such state, after giving effect to this clause (ii)(b) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state after giving effect to clause (iii)(b) of the definition of Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount shall not exceed the product of 30 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance, and 
 (C) 15 (in the case of the third (3rd) largest state in terms of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans for such state, after giving effect to this clause (ii)(c) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state after giving effect to clause (iii)(c) of the definition of Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount shall not exceed the product of 15 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance 
 (D) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are principally located in any state, other than the three largest states in terms of Unpaid Balances referenced in clause (ii) above, cannot exceed 10 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the sum of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans for such state, after giving effect to this clause (iii) plus the unpaid balance of all Eligible Receivables for such state after giving effect to clause (iv) of the definition of Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount shall not exceed the product of 10 of the sum of the Net Receivables Pool Balance and the Net Loan Pool Balance 
 Appendix 9 
 770272219 16509877 

(iii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a 7 , 8 or 9 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 2.5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (iv) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a 6 or 7 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 15 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans 
 (v) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a 8 or 9 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months cannot exceed 5.0 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Commercial Loans that are Eligible Loans 
 (vi) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are unsecured Producer 
 Loans with a 7 , 8 or 9 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (vii) reserved 
 (viii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Junior Lien Producer Loans with a 7 , 8 or 9 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 30 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (ix) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Junior Lien Producer Loans with a 10 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (x) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a fixed interest rate cannot exceed 10 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Producer Loans 
 (xi) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a fixed interest rate cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans 
 (xii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a 10 Risk Rating cannot exceed 30 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (xiii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a 6 or 7 Risk Rating cannot exceed 35 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans 
 (xiv) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans with a 8 or 9 Risk Rating cannot exceed 7.5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Commercial Loans 
 Appendix 10 
 770272219 16509877 

(xv) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans with a 11 Risk Rating cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans 
 (xvi) reserved 
 (xvii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Producer Loans cannot exceed 50 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and Eligible Receivables 
 (xviii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans the Obligors of which are Governmental Authorities cannot exceed 5 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans and 
 (xix) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans that are Retailer Adjusted Loans cannot exceed 20 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Loans and Receivables. 
 Conduit Purchaser means each commercial paper conduit listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR, Daily 1M SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Yield Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 4.3 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control when used with respect to any specified Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management, policies or activities of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or membership interests, by 
 Appendix 11 
 770272219 16509877 

contract or otherwise, and the terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
 CP Rate means, for any period and with respect to any Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes of any Conduit Purchaser, the per annum rate equivalent to the weighted average cost (as determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent for such Conduit Purchaser and which shall include commissions and fees of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Commercial Paper Notes maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser, other borrowings by such Conduit Purchaser (other than under any Liquidity Agreement) and any other costs and expenses associated with the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes) of or related to the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes that are allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Purchaser or the applicable Purchaser Agent to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche (and which may be also allocated in part to the funding of other assets of such Conduit Purchaser) (determined in the case of Commercial Paper Notes issued on a discount by converting the discount to an interest equivalent rate per annum provided that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, Seller agrees that any amounts payable to the applicable Conduit Purchaser in respect of Yield for any Yield Period with respect to any Rate Tranche funded by such Conduit Purchaser at the CP Rate shall include an amount equal to the portion of the face amount of the outstanding Commercial Paper Notes issued by such Conduit Purchaser to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche that corresponds to the portion of the proceeds of such Commercial Paper Notes that was used to pay the interest component of maturing Commercial Paper Notes issued by such Conduit Purchaser to fund or maintain such Rate Tranche, to the extent that such Conduit Purchaser had not received payments of interest in respect of such interest component prior to the maturity date of such maturing Commercial Paper Notes (for purposes of the foregoing, the interest component of Commercial Paper Notes equals the excess of the face amount thereof over the net proceeds received by such Conduit Purchaser from the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes, except that if such Commercial Paper Notes are issued on an interest-bearing basis its interest component will equal the amount of interest accruing on such Commercial Paper Notes through maturity). 
 CP Return Percentage means the following percentage 
 Settlement Period Percentage May of 2022 June of 2022 
 Appendix 12 
 770272219 16509877 

July of 2022 For any Settlement Period in May, June or July of any calendar year commencing with 2023 The percentage determined by the Administrative Agent (provided that the sum of the percentages for the May, June, and July Settlement Periods in any calendar year shall equal 

CP Return Reserve means, with respect to any day in any Settlement Period in May (commencing with the Reporting Date in May), June or July of any calendar year, the product of (a) the CP Return Percentage for such Settlement Period and (b) the aggregate amount of expected Dilutions arising from returned goods for Receivables arising under each Originator s crop protection business during the June, July and August Settlement Periods in such calendar year as accrued for by the Servicer in a manner consistent with the Servicer s calculation methodology in effect as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date (with such changes as are agreed to from time to time by the Servicer and the Administrative Agent) and as set forth in the Information Package delivered on the Reporting Date that occurs during the Settlement Period in May of such calendar year provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the CP Return Reserve shall be zero at any time a CP Return Reserve Exclusion Event exists. 
 CP Return Reserve Exclusion Event means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) as of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, CHS fails to have a Consolidated Net Worth (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) greater than or equal to 4,500,000,000.00 
 (b) as of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, CHS has a ratio of Consolidated Funded Debt (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) divided by Consolidated Cash Flow (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) of more than 3.25 to 1.00 or 
 (c) CHS has a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Funded Debt (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) to Consolidated Net Worth (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement), measured at the end of each Fiscal Quarter, greater than 0.75 to 1.00. 
 Credit and Collection Policy means, as the context may require, those credit and collection policies and practices of Seller and Servicer in effect on the Omnibus Amendment No. 10 Effective Date and described in Exhibit A , as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 
 Cumulative Loss Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Monthly Loss Ratios for the twelve calendar months preceding such date of determination. 
 Cumulative Loss Ratio Factor means, as of any date of determination, a percentage equal to the product of (a) the highest Cumulative Loss Ratio during the most recent twelve calendar months multiplied by (b) 5.0. 
 Appendix 13 
 770272219 16509877 

Custodian means the Person acting as custodian under the Custodian Agreement, which shall be U.S. Bank National Association as of the Closing Date. 
 Custodian Agreement means the Custodian Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Seller, Administrative Agent and Custodian. 
 Custodian File means, with respect to any Loan, (i) the original executed Obligor Note and electronic copies of each loan agreement, security agreement, guaranty and letter of credit executed in connection therewith or related thereto and (ii) acknowledgment copies of applicable UCC filings against the related Obligor with respect to such Loan. 
 Cut-Off Date means the last day of each Settlement Period. 
 Daily 1M SOFR means, for any day, the rate per annum determined by the Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group equal to the sum of the Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one (1) month on such day or, if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, on the preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a one (1) month tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a one (1) month tenor on such date will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a one (1) month tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for a one (1) month tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Day provided, further, that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the Floor, then Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Days Sales Outstanding means, on any date, the number of days equal to the product of (a) 30 and (b) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of the Eligible Receivables as of the Cut-Off Date of the most recently ended Settlement Period by (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Eligible Receivables which were originated by any Originator during the most recently ended Settlement Period. 
 Debt means, at any time, with respect to any Person, (a) all obligations for money borrowed or raised, all obligations (other than accounts payable and other similar items arising in the ordinary course of business) for the deferred payment of the purchase price of property, and all capital lease obligations or other obligations which, in each case, in accordance with GAAP, would be included in determining total liabilities as shown on the liability side of the balance sheet of such Person and (b) all guarantees (whether contingent or otherwise) of such Person guaranteeing the Debt of any other Person, whether directly or indirectly (other than endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business). 
 Appendix 14 
 770272219 16509877 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States of America or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Deemed Collections is defined in Section 3.2(a) . 
 Default Ratio (Loans) means, for any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Defaulted Loans as of the last day of such Settlement Period, and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Loans as of the last day of such Settlement Period. 
 Default Ratio (Receivables) means, for any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Defaulted Receivables as of the last day of such Settlement Period, and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables as of the last day of such Settlement Period. 
 Defaulted Loan means a Pool Loan (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 90 days from the original due date thereof, (b) as to which any Obligor thereof is subject to an Insolvency Event or (c) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be or should have been written off as uncollectible. 
 Defaulted Receivable means a Pool Receivable (a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 60 days from the original invoice due date thereof, (b) as to which any Account Debtor thereof is subject to an Insolvency Event or (c) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, would be or should have been written off as uncollectible. 
 Delinquent Loan means a Pool Loan (that is not a Defaulted Loan) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 45 days from the original due date thereof. 
 Delinquent Receivable means a Pool Receivable (that is not a Defaulted Receivable) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 31 days from the original invoice due date with respect thereto. 
 Deposit Receivable means any monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Originator, Seller (as assignee of any Originator) or any other Person (as assignee of Seller) by an account debtor arising in connection with any of the Originators businesses subject to an arrangement where (x) the related account debtor, prior to acquiring such goods, has elected to deposit with the applicable Originator all or a portion of the outstanding balance of such monetary obligation, (y) such monetary obligation is discounted as a result of such account debtor making the deposit specified in clause (x) above and (z) the applicable Originator is permitted to apply all or a portion of such deposit towards the satisfaction or partial satisfaction of such monetary obligation. 
 Appendix 15 
 770272219 16509877 

Dilution means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Pool Receivable, an amount equal to the sum, without duplication, of the aggregate reduction effected in the Unpaid Balance of such Pool Receivable due to credits, rebates, RESAPs, refunds, disputes, setoff, netting, billing errors, sales or similar taxes, cash discounts, volume discounts, allowances, chargebacks, returned or repossessed goods, defective goods or services, sales and marketing discounts, warranties, any unapplied credit memos and other adjustments or reductions that are made in respect of the applicable Account Debtor provided , however , that writeoffs to the extent related to the financial or credit condition of an Account Debtor (including the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the applicable Account Debtor) shall not constitute Dilution. 
 Dilution Horizon Ratio means 1.25. 
 Dilution Ratio means, with respect to any Settlement Period, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate amount of all Dilutions in respect of Pool Receivables which occurred during such Settlement Period and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate initial Unpaid Balance of all Receivables originated by any Originator during the Settlement Period immediately prior to such Settlement Period provided that, solely for purposes of calculating the Dilution Ratio for any Settlement Period in June, July or August of any calendar year, the aggregate amount of Dilutions for returned goods for Receivables arising under any Originator s crop protection business shall be reduced (to an amount not less than zero) by the CP Return Reserve for the immediately preceding Settlement Period. 
 Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows 
 DR x DHR 
 where 
 DR the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Periods and 
 DHR the Dilution Horizon Ratio on such day. 
 Dilution Volatility Ratio means, on any day, a percentage determined as follows 
 (DS-DR) x (DS DR) 
 where 
 DS the highest average Dilution Ratio for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods and 
 DR the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Periods. 
 Appendix 16 
 770272219 16509877 

Dodd-Frank Act has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 Doubtful means, with respect to any Loan, that such Loan has a Risk Rating of Doubtful in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage (Receivables) means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows 
 (SF x DR) + DVR x DHR 
 where 
 SF 2.25 
 DR the average of the Dilution Ratios for the preceding twelve Settlement Period 
 DVR the Dilution Volatility Ratio on such day and 
 DHR the Dilution Horizon Ratio on such day. 
 Dynamic Loss Reserve Percentage (Receivables) means, as of any date of determination, a percentage determined as follows 
 SF x LR x LHR 
 where 
 SF 2.25 
 LR the highest average of the Loss Ratio (Receivables) for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods and 
 LHR Loss Horizon Ratio on such day. 
 Dynamic Reserve Percentage (Loans) means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) 12 , (ii) the Cumulative Loss Ratio Factor and (iii) the Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 Appendix 17 
 770272219 16509877 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means July 18, 2017. 
 Effective Date Amendments means each of (i) that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among the Originators, the Administrative Agent and Seller, and (ii) that certain Reaffirmation of Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Effective Date, by the Performance Guarantor. 
 Effective Date Loans means each of the Pool Loans sold or purported to be sold by the applicable Originator to the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement on or prior to the Effective Date provided that no Loan shall be deemed an Effective Date Loan to the extent such Loan has been amended or modified following the Effective Date, and as a result of such amendment or modification, a new Obligor Note has been executed and delivered by the applicable Obligor. 
 Eleventh Amendment Effective Date means August 30, 2022. 
 Eligible Assignee means (i) Administrative Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates that are financial institutions, insurance company entities or manage a commercial paper conduit or similar entity, (ii) any Liquidity Provider, any Program Administrator or any Enhancement Provider, (iii) any commercial paper conduit or similar entity that is managed by Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any Purchaser Agent or any of their respective Affiliates and (iv) any financial or other institution that is acceptable to Administrative Agent and, solely with respect to this clause (iv) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Seller (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
 Eligible Loan means, as of any date of determination, a Loan 
 (a) which is denominated and payable only in USD in the United States 
 (b) which is not a Syndicated CHS Loan 
 (c) which is not a Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than 24 months 
 (d) which is not an unsecured Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (e) which is not an unsecured Producer Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 Appendix 18 
 770272219 16509877 

(f) which is not a Junior Lien Producer Loan with a 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (g) which is not a Junior Lien Commercial Loan with a 6 , 7 , 8 or 9 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (h) which is not an unsecured Commercial Loan with a 6 , 7 , 8 or 9 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (i) which is not a Junior Lien Producer Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 or 10 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (j) which is not a First Lien Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (k) which is not a First Lien Commercial Loan with a 8 or 9 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than or equal to 24 months 
 (l) which is not a Producer Loan with a 12 , 13 or 14 Risk Rating 
 (m) which is not a Commercial Loan with a 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 or 14 Risk Rating 
 (n) which is not a Producer Loan and a Participation Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating 
 (o) which is not a Producer Loan with a fixed rate of interest and a remaining tenor greater than 16 months 
 (p) the Obligor of which (A) is a resident of, or organized under the laws of, the United States of America and (B) is not a Sanctioned Person 
 (q) which is not a (A) Defaulted Loan or (B) Delinquent Loan, in each case, on the date of acquisition by the Seller 
 (r) (A) the Obligor of which is Solvent and (B) no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to such Obligor 
 (s) which was originated in the ordinary course of business of the applicable Originator under Loan Documents substantially in the form as set forth as Exhibit D 
 (t) which is currently owing under an Obligor Note, which Obligor Note and the related Loan Documents have been duly authorized and are in full force and effect and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with their respective terms 
 Appendix 19 
 770272219 16509877 

(u) which is not subject to any litigation, right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim, dispute or other defense of any Obligor 
 (v) which, together with the Loan Documents related thereto, constitutes an account, a payment intangible, chattel paper or an instrument within the meaning of the UCC of all jurisdictions which govern the perfection of the applicable Originator s, Seller s and Administrative Agent s respective interest therein 
 (w) in respect of which no material default exists and there is not then in effect any waiver by the applicable Originator, Servicer or Seller of any (A) material default with respect thereto or (B) any event or circumstance that would, with notice, the passage of time, or both, become a material default with respect thereto 
 (x) the Obligor of which has incurred the obligations relating to such Loan strictly for business purposes and not for personal, family or household purposes 
 (y) the Obligor of which is not an Affiliate of any Originator, Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor or a Joint Venture 
 (z) which, with respect to any Operating Loan (other than any Operating Loan that is also a Producer Loan), requires interest payments to be made not less frequently than monthly and the outstanding principal balance to be paid in full not later than the applicable due date or commitment termination date for such Operating Loan, but in no event later than fourteen (14) months from the closing date of such Operating Loan 
 (aa) which, with respect to any Term Loan (other than any Term Loan that is also a Producer Loan), requires principal payments (A) to be made not less frequently than in equal monthly installments sufficient to fully amortize the outstanding principal balance over the term of the Term Loan and (B) to be paid in full not later than the applicable due date for such Term Loan, but in no event longer than ten (10) years from the closing date of such Term Loan, and interest payments to be made not less frequently than monthly 
 (bb) which, when added to the Pool Assets, does not result in the aggregate Weighted Average Life of the Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans to exceed one and a half (1.5) years 
 (cc) the Obligor of which was not classified as Substandard, Doubtful or Loss in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy at the time of acquisition by the Seller 
 (dd) which is secured by a perfected, assignable, first priority security interest in the Related Security in favor of the applicable Originator (or, in the case of a Participation Loan, the agent for the related lender group on behalf of the lenders in such lender group), free and clear of all Adverse Claims prior to the acquisition by the Seller and the applicable Originator (or, in the case of a Participation Loan, the agent for the 
 Appendix 20 
 770272219 16509877 

related lender group on behalf of the lenders in such lender group) has filed an all assets UCC-1 filing against each related Obligor 
 (ee) which has not been compromised, adjusted or similarly modified other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and as permitted by the Transaction Documents 
 (ff) which, together with the related Loan Documents, satisfies in all material respects the applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy 
 (gg) which does not represent a refinancing by the applicable Originator of an existing Loan due to credit reasons or a restructured Loan due to credit reasons 
 (hh) (i) with respect to any Effective Date Loan, the Custodian File and Obligor Note (other than any Obligor Note that has been signed electronically) with respect to such Loan shall have been delivered to the Custodian by the Seller, the Servicer or the Originator, (ii) with respect to any Loan other than an Effective Date Loan, the Custodian File and Obligor Note (other than any Obligor Note that has been signed electronically) with respect to such Loan shall have been delivered within thirty (30) days following the date on which the Seller acquires an interest in such Loan pursuant to the Sale Agreement, and (iii) with respect to any Loan that has been amended or modified following the Effective Date, the applicable amended or modified Loan Documents with respect to such Loan (including any new Obligor Note) shall have been delivered to the Custodian by the Seller, the Servicer or the Originators within thirty (30) days following the date of such amendment or modification 
 (ii) which is not subordinated in any respect to any other Debt of the relevant Obligor 
 (jj) which is not subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or any other defense (including defenses arising out of violations of usury laws) of any Obligor, other than defenses arising out of applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights in general and general equity principles 
 (kk) the Obligor of which has been instructed to make all payments directly to a Seller Collection Account or the Concentration Account 
 (ll) in respect of which no security deposit or reserve paid or created by the related Obligor exists 
 (mm) no portion of the Unpaid Balance of such Loan represents any sales tax, value-added tax or other similar tax 
 (nn) which, together with the Loan Documents related thereto, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including laws, rules and 
 Appendix 21 
 770272219 16509877 

regulations relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no party to the Loan Documents related thereto is in violation of any such law, rule or regulation in any respect 
 (oo) the Related Security of which is insured as required by the Credit and Collection Policy 
 (pp) the Unpaid Balance to Stressed Realizable Value for the related Obligor does not exceed 90 
 (qq) with respect to which all material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the origination, transfer or pledge of such Loan have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect 
 (rr) which is prepayable at any time and, together with the related Loan Documents and Related Security, is fully assignable 
 (ss) with respect to which the Loan Documents are complete and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy provided that, prior to the Obligor Note Delivery Date, such Loan Documents may exclude the related Obligor Note (excluding any Obligor Note that is delivered electronically) until the Obligor Note Delivery Date has occurred, at which time such Obligor Note shall be or shall have been delivered to the Custodian 
 (tt) the Obligor of which has provided the Servicer with monthly financial statements in accordance with the Loan Documents within 35 days of each month end 
 (uu) as to which the applicable Originator has satisfied all obligations on its part with respect to such Loan required to be fulfilled pursuant to the applicable Loan Documents or in connection with the transfer and any applicable agreement pursuant to which such transfer occurs 
 (vv) as to which none of the applicable Originator, Seller, Servicer or Performance Guarantor has taken any action which would impair, or failed to take any action necessary to avoid impairing, the rights of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers therein, other than actions or failures to take action by the Servicer which are permitted under the Credit and Collection Policy and the Transaction Documents 
 (ww) which complies with the representations and warranties made with respect thereto by the applicable Originator in the Sale Agreement 
 Appendix 22 
 770272219 16509877 

(xx) the Unpaid Balance of which is less than the related Loan Commitment amount under the Loan Documents 
 (yy) for which the contract giving rise to such Loan is governed by the law of one of the States of the United States, the District of Columbia or any territory of the United States 
 (zz) for which the Seller has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of, such Loan free and clear of any Adverse Claim, and the Administrative Agent has a first priority perfected security interest in such Loan and a perfected security interest in the Related Security with respect to such Loan 
 (aaa) in the case of any Participation Loan 
 (i) written notice of the transfer of such Participation Loan to the Seller has been delivered to the Obligor thereof and the agent of the related lender group and all other requirements under the related Loan Documents with respect to the transfer of such Participation Loan to the Seller have been satisfied and 
 (ii) no material amendment to or consent under any of the related Loan Documents can be made without the consent of the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) 
 (bbb) that has been sold or contributed by an Originator to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement with respect to which sale or contribution all conditions precedent under the Sale Agreement have been met 
 (ccc) that, with respect to any Loan that is executed electronically, (i) the electronic execution of such Loan is in compliance with the Credit and Collection Policy, and (ii) each Purchaser Agent shall have received (and shall be an addressee of) a legal opinion from external counsel to the Originators, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser Agents, opining that under the state law which governs such Loan s related Loan Documents, any documents or agreements that are governed by the laws of such state and that are executed electronically constitute the valid and enforceable obligations of each party to such documents or agreements (and such external counsel shall be licensed to practice law in such state) 
 (ddd) which is not a Retailer Adjusted Loan with a Risk Rating higher than 9 or with an original tenor greater than 18 months 
 (eee) the Loan Commitment of which would not cause the aggregate Loan Commitment of all Eligible Loans to exceed 850,000,000 and 
 (fff) which is not an Excluded Repo Loan. 
 Appendix 23 
 770272219 16509877 

Eligible Receivable means, as of any date of determination, a Receivable 
 (a) that is denominated and payable only in USD in the United States 
 (b) the related Account Debtor (i) is a resident of, or organized under the laws of, the United States of America and (ii) is not a Sanctioned Person 
 (c) that is not (A) a Delinquent Receivable on the date of acquisition by the Seller or (B) a Defaulted Receivable 
 (d) (i) the Account Debtor of which is Solvent and (ii) no Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to such Account Debtor 
 (e) (i) that has been generated by the applicable Originator in the United States of America and in the ordinary course of its business, subject to a valid invoice or contract, from the bona fide sale of goods or services to an Account Debtor, (ii) all obligations of the applicable Originator in connection with such Receivable have been fully performed, (iii) no portion of such Receivable is in respect of any amount as to which the related Obligor is permitted to withhold payment until the occurrence of a specified event or conditions (including guaranteed or conditional sales or any performance by an Originator), (iv) which is not owed to any Originator or Seller as a bailee or consignee for another Person, and (v) which is not issued under cash-in-advance or cash-on-account terms date provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no portion of any Receivable billed to any Account Debtor for which the related goods or services have not been delivered or performed by an Originator shall constitute an Eligible Receivable 
 (f) that, together with the related Receivable Documentation, is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding obligation of the related Account Debtor, enforceable in accordance with its terms 
 (g) which is not subject to any litigation, right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim, dispute or other defense of the related Account Debtor 
 (h) the Seller has good and marketable title to, and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of, such Receivable and the Related Security free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 (i) in respect of which no material default exists and there is not then in effect any waiver by the applicable Originator, Servicer or Seller of any (i) material default with respect thereto or (ii) any event or circumstance that would, with notice, the passage of time, or both, become a material default with respect thereto 
 (j) which constitutes an account or payment intangible within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC of all jurisdictions which govern the perfection of the 
 Appendix 24 
 770272219 16509877 

applicable Originator s, Seller s and Administrative Agent s respective interest therein and is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper 
 (k) the Account Debtor of which has incurred the obligations relating to such Receivable strictly for business purposes and not for personal, family or household purposes 
 (l) the Account Debtor of which is not an Affiliate of any Originators, Seller, Servicer, CHS or Performance Guarantor 
 (m) no more than 35 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables of the related Account Debtor are Defaulted Receivables 
 (n) (i) solely with respect to Receivables arising out of the Originators crop protection business, that has an original payment term that does not exceed 365 days from the original date of the related invoice, and (ii) with respect to Receivables that do not arise out of the Originators crop protection business, that has an original payment term that does not exceed 180 days from the original date of the related invoice provided that the Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables the remaining tenor of which exceeds (1) 90 days but is less than or equal to 180 days cannot exceed (A) between June and November, 15 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables, and (B) between December and May, 25 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables, (2) 180 days but is less than or equal to 270 days cannot exceed (A) between June and November, 25 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables, and (B) between December and May, 15 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables, and (3) 270 days but does not exceed 365 days cannot exceed 7.50 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables 
 (o) which has not been compromised, adjusted or similarly modified other than in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and as permitted by the Transaction Documents 
 (p) that, together with the related Receivable Documentation, satisfies in all material respects the applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy 
 (q) which represents part or all of the price of the sale of merchandise , insurance or services within the meaning of Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act and which is an eligible asset as defined in Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company Act 
 (r) the related Account Debtor has been instructed to make payments on such Receivable only to a Lockbox, a Collection Account, an Originator Specified Account or the Concentration Account 
 (s) is not subordinated in any respect to any other Debt of the relevant Account Debtor 
 Appendix 25 
 770272219 16509877 

(t) in respect of which no security deposit or reserve paid or created by the related Account Debtor exists 
 (u) no portion of the Unpaid Balance of such Receivable represents any sales tax, value-added tax or other similar tax 
 (v) which does not constitute finance charges, service charges or similar charges (it being understood that only the portion of the Receivable so constituted shall not be eligible) 
 (w) which, together with the related Receivable Documentation, does not contravene any laws, rules or regulations applicable thereto (including laws relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy) 
 (x) for which the sale, pledge, contribution or assignment of such Receivable and the Related Security pursuant to this Agreement and the Sale Agreement does not (i) violate or contravene any Applicable Law or the related Receivable Documentation, (ii) require notice thereof to the related Account Debtor or any consent therefrom (other than any such notices that have been provided or consents that have been obtained and are in effect) or (iii) require any notice thereof or any consent from any Governmental Authority that has not been provided or obtained 
 (y) that has not been previously sold, assigned, pledged or otherwise transferred by the applicable Originator to any other Person 
 (z) that has been sold or contributed by any Originator to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement with respect to which sale or contribution all conditions precedent under the Sale Agreement have been met 
 (aa) that is not a Receivable which arose as a result of the sale of consigned goods or finished goods that have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods or a sale in which Seller, any Originator, CHS, Performance Guarantor or Servicer acted as a bailee, consignee or agent of any other Person or otherwise not as principal or otherwise in respect of deferred or unearned revenues 
 (bb) that does not constitute a re-billed amount arising from a deduction taken by the related Account Debtor with respect to a previously arising Receivable 
 (cc) that (i) does not arise from a sale of accounts made as part of a sale of a business or constitute an assignment for the purpose of collection only, (ii) is not a transfer of a single account made in whole or partial satisfaction of a preexisting indebtedness or an assignment of a right to payment under a contract to an assignee that is also obligated to perform under the contract and (iii) is not a transfer of an interest in or an assignment of a claim under a policy of insurance 
 Appendix 26 
 770272219 16509877 

(dd) the Administrative Agent has a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security interest in such Receivable and the Related Security, in either case, free and clear of any Adverse Claim 
 (ee) with respect to which all material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the origination, transfer or pledge of such Receivable have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect 
 (ff) solely with respect to Receivables arising out of the Originators crop protection business, such Receivable is due and payable by the Account Debtor prior to the date the related RESAP, if any, is due and payable by the applicable Originator 
 (gg) (i) prior to a RESAP Exclusion Event, no more than 25 of the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables and Eligible Loans (x) arise out of transactions subject to a RESAP or (y) are owed by Account Debtors that are also account debtors with respect to any Deposit Receivables, and (ii) at any other time, such Receivable (x) does not arise out of a transaction subject to a RESAP and (y) is not owed by an Account Debtor that is also an account debtor of any Deposit Receivables and 
 (hh) which is not an Excluded Repo Receivable. 
 Enhancement Agreement means any agreement between a Conduit Purchaser and any other Person(s), entered into to provide (directly or indirectly) credit enhancement to such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper facility. 
 Enhancement Provider means any Person providing credit support to a Conduit Purchaser under an Enhancement Agreement, including pursuant to an unfunded commitment, or any similar entity with respect to any permitted assignee of such Conduit Purchaser. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with Seller, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (ii) a withdrawal by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) (iii) a complete or partial withdrawal by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (iv) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a 
 Appendix 27 
 770272219 16509877 

termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (v) an event or condition which is reasonably expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (vi) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate or (vii) a transaction by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate that is reasonably expected to be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 Erroneous Payment is defined in Section 3.5(a) . 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment is defined in Section 3.5(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Investment is defined in Section 3.5(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency is defined in Section 3.5(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights is defined in Section 3.5(d) . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default is defined in Section 10.1 . 
 Event of Repurchase is defined in Section 3.2(b) . 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Excluded Foreign Account Debtor means any account debtor that is a resident of, or organized under the laws of, a country listed on Schedule II attached hereto (as such Schedule II may be amended from time to time with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which may be by e-mail). 
 Excluded Repo Loan means, as of any date of determination, a loan that is 
 (a) a Commercial Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than or equal to 24 months 
 (b) an unsecured Commercial Loan with a 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (c) a Junior Lien Commercial Loan with a 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 Appendix 28 
 770272219 16509877 

(d) a First Lien Commercial Loan with a 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (e) a Commercial Loan and a Participation Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating 
 (f) a Joint Venture First Lien Commercial Loan with a 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating 
 (g) a Commercial Loan and a Syndicated CHS Loan 
 (h) a CENEX Lift Loan 
 (i) a Producer Loan with a Risk Rating of 11 and a remaining tenor greater than or equal to 24 months 
 (j) an unsecured Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (k) an unsecured Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor greater than or equal to 24 months 
 (l) an unsecured Producer Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (m) an unsecured Producer Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor greater than or equal to 24 months 
 (n) a Junior Lien Producer Loan with an 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (o) a Junior Lien Producer Loan with an 11 Risk Rating and a remaining tenor equal to or greater than or equal to 24 months 
 (p) a Junior Lien Producer Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (q) a First Lien Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor less than 24 months 
 (r) a First Lien Producer Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating, a fixed interest rate and a remaining tenor greater than or equal to 24 months and 
 (s) a Producer Loan and a Participation Loan with a 10 or 11 Risk Rating and 
 (t) a Syndicated CHS Loan with a 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 or 11 Risk Rating. 
 Appendix 29 
 770272219 16509877 

Excluded Repo Receivable means, as of any date of determination, accounts receivable for which the account debtor is (i) a Governmental Authority in the United States or Canada or (ii) an Excluded Foreign Account Debtor. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to an Affected Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to an Affected Party (i) any Taxes imposed on, or measured by, net income or gains and any franchise Taxes, branch Taxes or branch profits Taxes, but only to the extent such Taxes are imposed by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction (or political subdivision thereof) (a) under the laws of which such Affected Party is organized or incorporated or maintains a lending office (or branch), and (b) as a result of a present or former connection between such Affected Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Affected Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced this Agreement, or sold or assigned an interest in this Agreement), (ii) any U.S. federal withholding Tax to the extent it is imposed on amounts payable to such Affected Party (I) when such Affected Party becomes a party to this Agreement or (II) because such Affected Party designates a new lending office, except to the extent that such Affected Party was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive such additional amounts from Seller or Servicer, as applicable, pursuant to Section 3.3 , (iii) Taxes attributable to such Affected Party s failure to comply with Section 3.3(e)(vii) , and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed under FATCA. 
 FAS 166 167 Capital Guidelines has the meaning set forth in the definition of Specified Regulation. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum , determined by Administrative Agent, equal (for each day during such period) to 
 (a) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
 (b) if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the applicable Liquidity Provider or Purchaser Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 Appendix 30 
 770272219 16509877 

Federal Reserve Bank means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto or to the functions thereof. 
 Fee Letter means the Seventh Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the Eleventh Amendment Effective Date, among Seller, CHS, Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Agents. 
 Final Payout Date means the date following the Purchase Termination Date on which Total Investment shall have been reduced to zero and all other amounts then accrued or payable to any of the Affected Parties under the Transaction Documents shall have been paid in full in cash. 
 First Lien Commercial Loan means a Commercial Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor. 
 First Lien Producer Loan means a Producer Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor. 
 Fiscal Quarter means each three (3) month period beginning on the first day of each of the following months September, December, March and June. 
 Floor means 0.00 . 
 Floor Reserve Percentage (Loans) means, at any time, 15 . 
 Foreign Affected Party is defined in Section 3.3(e)(vii) . 
 Formation Date means the date that Seller was originally formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as consistently applied. If at any time Seller or Servicer notifies Administrative Agent that Seller or Servicer requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Administrative Agent notifies Seller or Servicer that the Purchasers request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP without giving effect to such change in GAAP or in the application thereof that is the subject of such notice until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 
 Governmental Authority means any government, supranational or political subdivision or any agency, authority, bureau, regulatory body, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, or any accounting board or authority 
 Appendix 31 
 770272219 16509877 

(whether or not part of a government) which is responsible for the establishment or interpretation of national or international accounting principles, in each case whether foreign or domestic. 
 Indemnified Amounts is defined in Section 12.1(a) . 
 Indemnified Party is defined in Section 12.1(a) . 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
 Independent Manager means a natural person who is a manager of Seller who (I) is not at the time of initial appointment, or at any time while serving as Independent Manager of Seller, and has not been at any time during the preceding five (5) years (a) a stockholder, member, director (with the exception of serving as an independent director of any Affiliates of Seller), manager (with the exception of serving as an independent manager of Seller or any of its Affiliates), officer, employee, partner, attorney or counsel of Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or CHS or any of their respective Affiliates (b) a customer, supplier or other Person who derives any of its purchases or revenues from its activities with Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or CHS or any of their respective Affiliates (c) a Person Controlling or under common Control with any such customer, supplier, stockholder, member, director, manager, officer, employee, partner, attorney, counsel or other Person described in clauses (a) or (b) above or (d) a member of the immediate family of any such customer, supplier, stockholder, member, director, manager, officer, employee, partner, attorney, counsel or other Person described in clauses (a) , (b) or (c) above and (II) (1) has prior experience as an independent manager or independent director for a company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent managers or independent directors thereof before such company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (2) has at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 Information Package is defined in Section 3.1(a) . 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to any Person, (i) a court or governmental agency having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or for any substantial part of its property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, (ii) an involuntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect is commenced against such Person and, unless such Person is Seller, an Obligor or an Account Debtor, such petition remains unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days, (iii) such Person shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or 
 Appendix 32 
 770272219 16509877 

any substantial part of its property or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) such Person shall (A) fail to pay its debts generally as such debts become due, (B) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditor or (C) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or (v) such Person shall take any action to authorize any of the actions in furtherance of any of the aforesaid purposes. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Joint Venture means an Obligor constituting a joint venture of an Originator and one or more unaffiliated entities where (i) such Originator has no more than 50 of the ownership or voting rights in or with respect to such joint venture, (ii) such Originator does not have the ability to directly or indirectly control such joint venture and (iii) the joint venture satisfies the definition of Eligible Loan and has been subject to the same underwriting and credit and collection policies as any other Obligor. 
 Junior Lien Commercial Loan means a Commercial Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a lien and priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor and is not a First Lien Commercial Loan. 
 Junior Lien Producer Loan means a Producer Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a lien and priority perfected security interest on the assets of the respective Obligor and is not a First Lien Producer Loan. 
 Legal Final Settlement Date means the Settlement Date following the 138 th complete month following the Liquidation Period. 
 Liquidation Fee means, for each Rate Tranche (or portion thereof) for each day in any Yield Period or Settlement Period (computed without regard to clause (iii) of the proviso of the definition of Yield Period during the Liquidation Period, the amount, if any, by which 
 (a) the additional Yield (calculated without taking into account any Liquidation Fee) which would have accrued on the reductions of such Purchaser s Tranche Investment effected pursuant to Section 1.3(c)(ii) or (iii) with respect to such Rate Tranche for such day during such Yield Period or Settlement Period (as so computed) if such reductions had not been made until the last day of such Yield Period or Settlement Period exceeds, 
 (b) the income, if any, received for such day during such Yield Period or Settlement Period by the affected Purchaser from investing the proceeds of such reductions of such Purchaser s Tranche Investment. 
 Liquidation Period means (a) the period commencing on the Purchase Termination Date and ending on the Final Payout Date or (b) the period commencing on the date on which the Administrative Agent notifies the Seller and the Servicer that any condition precedent to Purchases and Reinvestments set forth in clauses (a)-(d) in Section 5.3 is not satisfied (or expressly waived by each Purchaser) and that the Liquidation Period has commenced, and ending on the Final Payout Date. 
 Appendix 33 
 770272219 16509877 

Liquidity Advance means a loan, advance, purchase or other similar action made by a Liquidity Provider pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement. 
 Liquidity Agreement means any agreement entered into, directly or indirectly, in connection with or related to this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make loans or advances to, or purchase assets from, a Conduit Purchaser (directly or indirectly) in order to provide liquidity or other enhancement for such Conduit Purchaser s Commercial Paper Notes or other senior indebtedness. 
 Liquidity Provider means MUFG or any of its Affiliates, Rabobank or any of its Affiliates or any other lender, credit enhancer or liquidity provider that is at any time party to a Liquidity Agreement or any successor or assign of such lender, credit enhancer or liquidity provider or any similar entity with respect to any permitted assignee of a Conduit Purchaser. 
 Loan shall mean the indebtedness of any Obligor under or with respect to an Obligor Note, whether constituting an account, chattel paper, an instrument, a general intangible, payment intangible, promissory note or otherwise, and shall include (i) the right to payment of such indebtedness and any interest or finance charges and other obligations of such Obligor with respect thereto (including the principal amount of such indebtedness, periodic finance charges, late fees and returned check fees), (ii) all proceeds of, and payments or Collections on, under or in respect of any of the foregoing and (iii) all Related Security with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the term Loan shall not include any Excluded Repo Loan. 
 Loan Commitment means, with respect to any Obligor, the maximum aggregate amount required to be advanced to the related Obligor under the terms of the related Loan Documents. 
 Loan Document means, with respect to any Loan, the related Obligor Note and any related loan agreements, security agreements, mortgages, acknowledgements (if required), financing statements and other documents, instruments, certificates or assignments (including amendments or modifications thereof) executed by the Obligor thereof or by another Person on the Obligor s behalf or for the Obligor s benefit in respect of such Loan and related Obligor Note, including letters of credit, general or limited guaranties or other credit enhancement. 
 Loan Investment Base means, at any time, the Net Loan Pool Balance less the Required Loan Reserves. 
 Loan Losses means the Unpaid Balance of any Pool Loans that have been, or should have been, written-off as uncollectible by Servicer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Loan Pool means, at any time, all then outstanding Loans sold or contributed, or purported to be sold or contributed, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and transferred or purported to be transferred to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Purchasers, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . 
 Appendix 34 
 770272219 16509877 

Loan Pool APR Percentage means, at any time, an amount equal to the product of (a) the product of (i) the Weighted Average Interest Rate for the Eligible Loans multiplied by (ii) a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (x) the numerator of which is equal to the aggregate Unpaid Balances of all Eligible Loans and (y) the denominator of which is equal to the aggregate Loan Commitments of all Eligible Loans multiplied by (b) the Weighted Average Life (in years) for the Eligible Loans. 
 Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage means, at any time, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the weighted average Yield Rate for the most recently ended Settlement Period multiplied by 1.5 plus (ii) the sum of the Program Fee Rate and the Servicing Fee Rate multiplied by (b) the Weighted Average Life (in years) of the Loan Pool. 
 Lockbox means the lockboxes specified as such in Exhibit B , each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of Originator. 
 Loss means, with respect to any Loan, that such Loan has a Risk Rating of Loss in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Loss Horizon Ratio means, at any time, the greater of (a) 3.75 and (b) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (A) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Eligible Receivables which were originated by any Originator during the most recently ended two (2) Settlement Periods plus (B) the product of (I) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of Eligible Receivables which were originated by any Originator during the third (3 rd most recently ended Settlement Period multiplied by (II) the Days Sales Outstanding on such date divided by thirty (30), by (ii) the Net Receivables Pool Balance on such date. 
 Loss Ratio (Loans) means the highest average Default Ratio for any three (3) consecutive Settlement Periods observed over the preceding twelve Settlement Periods. 
 Loss Ratio (Receivables) means, as of any date of determination, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables that were 61-90 days past their original due date as of the end of the most recently ended Settlement Period plus (ii) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Receivables that were charged-off during the most recently ended Settlement Period that were 60 days or fewer days past their due date when charged off, to (b) the initial Unpaid Balance of all Receivables generated by all the Originators during the Settlement Period that is three (3) Settlement Periods prior to the most recently ended Settlement Period. 
 Loss Reserve Floor Percentage (Receivables) means, at any time, 15 . 
 Market Value means, with respect to any Pool Asset and Related Assets, a percentage of the principal amount of the Pool Asset, not to exceed 100 , determined by the applicable Originator, as of the date such Pool Asset is transferred to the Seller by the Originator, to be the fair market value of such Pool Asset and Related Assets. 
 Appendix 35 
 770272219 16509877 

Material Adverse Change means, with respect to any Person (or if no Person is specified, with respect to Seller, CHS, Servicer, Performance Guarantor or any Originator) an event or circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate, results in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a material adverse change in 
 (i) the financial condition or results of operations of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (ii) the ability of such Person to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party 
 (iii) the status, existence, perfection, priority, enforceability or other rights and remedies of Administrative Agent associated with its interests in the Pool Assets or any material portion thereof or 
 (iv) (a) the validity or enforceability against such Person of any Transaction Document or any Receivable Documentation or Loan Documents to which it is a party or (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of a material portion of the Pool Assets, including if such event or circumstance would increase the days to pay or Dilution with respect to a material portion of the Pool Receivables. 
 Monthly Loss Ratio means, as of any date of determination, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), (a) the numerator of which is equal to the sum of Loan Losses during the most recently ended Settlement Period and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Pool Loans as of the Cut-Off Date of the most recently ended Settlement Period. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 MUFG is defined in the preamble . 
 MUFG Purchaser Group means the Purchaser Group with Victory, as a Conduit Purchaser, MUFG, as Committed Purchaser and MUFG, as Purchaser Agent. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 Net Loan Pool Balance means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Loans at such time, minus (b) the Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) at such time. 
 Net Pool Balance means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Net Loan Pool Balance at such time plus (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time. 
 Net Receivables Pool Balance means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time, minus (b) the Account Debtor Concentration Overage Amount at such time, minus (c) solely for each day during the Settlement 
 Appendix 36 
 770272219 16509877 

Periods in May (commencing with the Reporting Date in May), June and July of each calendar year, the CP Return Reserve for each such Settlement Period 
 Nieuw Amsterdam means Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V. 
 No Petition Agreement means that certain no proceedings letter agreement, dated as of September 4, 2018, between the Administrative Agent and each Subordinated Note Financier, as such agreement may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Notice of Payment means a Notice of Payment substantially in the form of Exhibit F attached hereto, delivered by the Seller to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent pursuant to Sections 3.1(d)(vi) , 3.2(c) and 3.2(e) , as applicable. 
 Notice of Purchase means a Notice of Purchase substantially in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto, delivered by the Seller to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent pursuant to Section 1.2(a)(i) . 
 Obligations means all obligations of Seller arising in connection with this Agreement and each other Transaction Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, including, all Indemnified Amounts, payments on account of Collections received or deemed to be received, fees and the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights. 
 Obligor shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the Person or Persons directly or indirectly obligated to make payments with respect to such Loan, including any guarantor thereof. 
 Obligor Note shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the promissory note, instrument or other writing entered into by the related Obligor in connection with or evidencing the indebtedness of the Obligor under such Loan. 
 Obligor Note Delivery Date means July 20, 2017. 
 OFAC has the meaning set forth in the definition of Sanctioned Person. 
 Omnibus Amendment Effective Date means September 4, 2018. 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 10 Effective Date means August 31, 2021 
 Operating Loan means any Loan used to finance working capital and current or seasonal assets (e.g., inventories and accounts receivable) with an original maturity date of fourteen (14) months or less. 
 Original Agreement is defined in the preamble . 
 Appendix 37 
 770272219 16509877 

Originator means each Person from time to time party to the Sale Agreement as an originator. As of the Effective Date, CHS and CHS Capital are the only Originators. 
 Originator Account Agreements means each Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among CHS or CHS Capital, as applicable, an Account Bank and the Administrative Agent. 
 Originator Collection Accounts means the accounts specified as such in Exhibit B , each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of an Originator. 
 Originator Specified Accounts means the accounts specified as such in Exhibit B , each of which shall be in the name of an Originator. 
 Participant is defined in Section 13.3(b) . 
 Participation Loan means any advance by an Originator to an Obligor under a syndicated loan facility (a) that has closed (without regard to any contemporaneous or subsequent syndication of such advance) prior to such advance becoming a part of the Loan Pool and (b) pursuant to which such Originator acts as administrative agent of the related lender group. 
 Patriot Act is defined in Section 13.20 . 
 Payment Recipient is defined in Section 3.5(a) . 
 Payoff Letter means that certain Payoff and Termination Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Seller, CHS, CHS Capital, Rabobank, Nieuw Amsterdam, Victory, MUFG and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate or to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute or to which Seller, Servicer, any Originator, Performance Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability. 
 Performance Guarantor means CHS. 
 Performance Guaranty means the Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by Performance Guarantor in favor of Administrative Agent. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Appendix 38 
 770272219 16509877 

Person means an individual, partnership, sole proprietorship, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 
 PNC means PNC Bank, National Association. 
 PNC Purchaser Group means the Purchaser Group with PNC, as Committed Purchaser and PNC, as Purchaser Agent. 
 Pool Asset means any of, and Pool Assets means all of, the Pool Receivables and the Pool Loans. 
 Pool Loan means a Loan in the Loan Pool sold or purported to be sold by the applicable Originator to the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
 Pool Receivable means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool sold or purported to be sold by the applicable Originator to the Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement. 
 Portfolio Weighted Average Loan Rating Factor means, with respect to any Obligor, the percentage appearing opposite such Obligor s applicable rating on the table below 
 Rating Bucket WA Rating Factor Portfolio WA Rating Factor 1 Greater than 4.0 0.50 2 4.0 to 3.75 1.00 3 3.5 to 3.75 1.50 4 3.25 to 3.5 3.00 5 Less than 3.25 5.00 
 
 Prime Rate means, with respect to any Purchaser Group, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the applicable Purchaser Agent, the related Committed Purchaser or their Affiliates as its reference rate or prime rate , as applicable. Such reference rate or prime rate is set by the applicable Purchaser Agent, the related Committed Purchaser or their Affiliates based upon various factors, including such Person s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above or below such announced rate, and is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer. 
 Producer Loan means a loan characterized as a Producer Loan under the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Program Administration Agreement means that certain administration agreement between a Conduit Purchaser and Program Administrator governing certain aspects of the administration of such Conduit Purchaser s commercial paper facility or any other agreement having similar purposes, as in effect from time to time. 
 Appendix 39 
 770272219 16509877 

Program Administrator means the administrator designated for a Conduit Purchaser under the Program Administration Agreement. 
 Program Fee is defined in the Fee Letter. 
 Program Fee Rate is defined in the Fee Letter. 
 Program Information is defined in Section 13.8(a) . 
 Purchase means any Committed Purchase and or Uncommitted Purchase. 
 Purchase Acceptance is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii) . 
 Purchase Price is defined in Section 1.1 . 
 Purchase Request means a Purchase Request substantially in the form of Exhibit G attached hereto, delivered by the Seller to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent pursuant to Section 1.2(a)(ii) . 
 Purchase Termination Date means the earlier of (i) August 27, 2025, (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default and (iii) sixty (60) days following the date of receipt by each of the other parties to this Agreement of a written notice of termination provided by Seller. 
 Purchaser means each Conduit Purchaser and Committed Purchaser, as applicable. 
 Purchaser Agent means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a Purchaser Group and listed as such as set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement. 
 Purchaser Group means, for each Conduit Purchaser, such Conduit Purchaser, its related Committed Purchaser and its related Purchaser Agent as set forth on Exhibit C . 
 Purchaser Group Commitment means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Purchasers at such time in such Purchaser Group as set forth on Exhibit C . 
 Purchaser Group Committed Investment means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the Total Committed Investment of all Purchasers at such time in such Purchaser Group. 
 Purchaser Group Investment means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the sum of such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment at such time plus such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment at such time. 
 Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment means, at any time with respect to any Purchaser Group, the Total Uncommitted Investment of all Purchasers at such time in such Purchaser Group. 
 Appendix 40 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchasers Total Commitment means, at any time, the aggregate Commitments of all Committed Purchasers at such time as set forth on Exhibit C . 
 Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount means, at any time, the aggregate Uncommitted Amounts of all Purchaser Groups at such time as set forth on Exhibit C . 
 Purchaser s Tranche Investment means, in relation to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser, the amount of the Purchasers Total Investment allocated by such Purchaser s Purchaser Agent to such Rate Tranche pursuant to Section 2.1 provided that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches shall equal the Total Investment. 
 Rabobank means Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
 Rabobank Purchaser Group means the Purchaser Group with Nieuw Amsterdam, as a Conduit Purchaser, Rabobank, as Committed Purchaser and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent. 
 Ratable Share means, at any time, (i) for any Purchaser Group, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the Purchaser Group Commitment for such Purchaser Group at such time, divided by (b) the Purchasers Total Commitment at such time and (ii) for any Purchaser, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) such Purchaser s Commitment (or, for any Conduit Purchaser, the Commitment of the Committed Purchaser in such Conduit Purchaser s Purchaser Group) at such time divided by (b) the Purchasers Total Commitment at such time. 
 Rate Tranche means at any time a portion of the Asset Interest selected by the applicable Purchaser Agent pursuant to Section 2.1 and designated as a Rate Tranche solely for purposes of computing Yield. 
 Rating Agency mean each of S&P and Moody s (and or each other rating agency then rating the Commercial Paper Notes of any Conduit Purchaser). 
 Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any Originator, Seller (as assignee of any Originator) or any other Person (as assignee of Seller) by an Account Debtor arising out of the Originators (x) energy and crop nutrient business (but excluding any such rights to payment arising solely (a) from the sale of asphalt, (b) from credit card processing, (c) from deferred, unbilled amounts for fuel delivery, and (d) for pipeline transmission services for fuel delivery) and (y) crop protection business (but excluding any such rights to payment arising solely (a) as rebates from suppliers of goods sold in such business and (b) from credit card processing), in each case whether constituting an account, instrument, document, contract right, general intangible, chattel paper or payment intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods or for services rendered, and includes the obligation to pay any finance charges, fees and other charges with respect thereto, together with the Related Security with respect thereto, and with respect to each of the foregoing, all Collections and proceeds thereof. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right 
 Appendix 41 
 770272219 16509877 

to payment arising from any other transaction. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the term Receivable shall not include any (a) Deposit Receivable or (b) Excluded Repo Receivable. 
 Receivable Documentation means, for each Pool Receivable, the invoice therefor and any other agreement or documentation between the applicable Originator and the applicable Account Debtor giving rise to, and or setting forth terms and conditions related to the creation and payment of, such Pool Receivable, including in each case any amendments. 
 Receivables Investment Base means, at any time, (a) the Net Receivables Pool Balance less (b) the Required Receivable Reserves. 
 Receivables Pool means at any time, all then outstanding Receivables sold or contributed, or purported to be sold or contributed, to Seller pursuant to the Sale Agreement and transferred or purported to be transferred to Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Purchasers, pursuant to Section 1.2(c) . 
 Records means all Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents and other documents, instruments, books, records, purchase orders, agreements, reports and other information (including computer programs, tapes, disks, other information storage media, data processing software and related property and rights) prepared or maintained by any Originator, CHS, Servicer, or Seller, respectively, with respect to, or that evidence or relate to, the Pool Assets, the other Seller Assets or the Account Debtors or Obligors of such Pool Assets. 
 Regulatory Change means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect or implementation of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each Specified Regulation shall be deemed to be a Regulatory Change , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 
 Reinvestment is defined in Section 1.3(a)(ii) . 
 Rejecting Purchaser Group is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii)(A) . 
 Related Assets means (a) all rights to, but not any obligations under, all Related Security with respect to the Pool Assets, (b) all Records (but excluding any obligations under the Receivable Documentation and Loan Documents), (c) all Collections in respect of, and other proceeds of, the Pool Assets or any other Related Security, (d) all rights and remedies of Seller or any Originator, as applicable, under the Sale Agreement, and the other Transaction Documents and any other rights or assets pledged, sold or otherwise transferred to Seller thereunder and (e) all the products and proceeds of any of the foregoing. 
 Appendix 42 
 770272219 16509877 

Related Security means, with respect to any Asset 
 (i) all of Seller s or any Originator s, as applicable, interest in any goods (including returned goods) and documentation of title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including returned goods), relating to any sale giving rise to such Asset 
 (ii) all instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Asset 
 (iii) all security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Asset, whether pursuant to the Receivable Documentation related to such Receivable, the Loan Documents related to such Loan or otherwise, together with all financing statements describing any collateral securing such Asset 
 (iv) all tax refunds and the insurance policies, if any, relating to such Asset including the right to terminate such policies and to receive unearned premiums payable upon such termination, and rights to loss payments under such insurance policies 
 (v) the Receivable Documentation, the Loan Documents and all guaranties, letters of credit, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Asset whether pursuant to the Receivable Documentation related to such Receivable, the Loan Documents related to such Loan or otherwise 
 (vi) all of Seller s or any Originator s, as applicable, rights, interests and claims under the Transaction Documents, the Loan Documents and the Receivable Documentation with respect to such Asset 
 (vii) all books, records and other information (including computer programs, tapes, discs, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Asset and the related Account Debtor or Obligor and 
 (viii) all proceeds of, and payments or collections on, under or in respect of, any of the foregoing. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Repo Account Acknowledgement Agreement means that certain Collection Account Acknowledgement Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, between Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, Seller, CHS, CHS Capital and the Administrative Agent. 
 Repo Asset means any of, and Repo Assets means all of, the Excluded Repo Receivables and the Excluded Repo Loans. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived by the PBGC. 
 Appendix 43 
 770272219 16509877 

Reporting Date is defined in Section 3.1(a) . 
 Repurchase Payments means payments of the repurchase price for Pool Assets under Section 3.2(b) . 
 Requested Committed Purchase Date is defined in Section 1.2(a)(i) . 
 Requested Uncommitted Purchase Date is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii) . 
 Required Loan Reserves means, for any day, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (A) the Floor Reserve Percentage (Loans) at such time and (B) the Dynamic Reserve Percentage (Loans) at such time, plus (ii) the Adjusted Loan Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage multiplied by (b) the Net Loan Pool Balance at such time. 
 Required Purchasers means, at any time, two or more Committed Purchasers whose Commitments at such time aggregate more than 66 2 3 of the Purchasers Total Commitment at such time (or, if at such time, the Purchasers Total Commitment is zero, two or more Committed Purchasers whose Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment at such time aggregate more than 66 2 3 of the Total Investment at such time) provided that if at any time there is only one Committed Purchaser, Required Purchasers shall mean such Committed Purchaser. 
 Required Receivable Reserves means, for any day, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (A) the sum of (1) the Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage (Receivables) at such time, plus (2) the Dynamic Loss Reserve Percentage (Receivables) at such time, and (B) the sum of (1) the Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage at such time, plus (2) the Loss Reserve Floor Percentage (Receivables) at such time, and (ii) the Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables) multiplied by (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time. 
 Required Reserves means, for any day, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Required Receivable Reserves plus (b) the Required Loan Reserves. 
 RESAP means any rebate that arises under CHS s Retailer Established Seller Assistance Program and which accrues on a monthly basis and is owed to an Account Debtor in respect of a transaction giving rise to a Receivable that was created as part of the Originators crop protection business. 
 RESAP Exclusion Event means the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (a) as of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, CHS fails to have a Consolidated Net Worth (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) greater than or equal to 4,500,000,000.00 
 (b) as of the end of any Fiscal Quarter, CHS has a ratio of Consolidated Funded Debt (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) divided by Consolidated Cash Flow (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement), as measured on the previous consecutive four Fiscal Quarters, greater than 3.25 to 1.00 
 Appendix 44 
 770272219 16509877 

(c) CHS has a ratio of Adjusted Consolidated Funded Debt (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement) to Consolidated Net Worth (as defined in the CHS Credit Agreement), measured at the end of each Fiscal Quarter, greater than 0.75 to 1.00 or 
 (d) any Purchaser, in its sole discretion, provides to the Administrative Agent, Seller and Servicer written notice that on and after the date that is ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such notice Receivables that are subject to RESAPs shall no longer be deemed to be Eligible Receivables. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the general counsel, the president, the treasurer or an assistant treasurer of CHS, and any other officer, similar official or employee of CHS responsible for the administration of the obligations of CHS in respect of this Agreement, including any person referenced in Schedule 13.2 of this Agreement with respect to Seller or the Servicer, or any replacement of such person. 
 Retailer Adjusted Loan means any Producer Loan for which (a) the Obligor of such Loan is required to pay the Unpaid Balance of such Loan and (b) a Person other than the Obligor of such Loan is required to pay all of the interest that accrues on such Loan provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Retailer Adjusted Loans shall not include a Loan with an interest rate of zero that is designated as a Loan with a fixed rate of interest for purposes of clause (x) of the definition of Concentration Overage Amount (Loans) . 
 Risk Rating shall mean the score or classification, as determined for each Loan in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto. 
 Sale Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Originators, as sellers, and Seller, as buyer. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions, including as of the Closing Date, Cuba, Crimea (Ukraine), Iran, Syria and North Korea. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person currently the subject or the target of any Sanctions, including any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury OFAC (or any successor thereto) or the U.S. Department of State, or as otherwise published from time to time (b) that is fifty-percent or more owned, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate by one or more Persons described in clause (a) above (c) that is operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country (d) with whom engaging in trade, business or other activities is otherwise prohibited or restricted by Sanctions or (e) (i) an agency of the government of a 
 Appendix 45 
 770272219 16509877 

Sanctioned Country, (ii) an organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country, or (iii) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC. 
 Sanctions means the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders promulgated or administered to implement economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time (a) by the United States government, including those administered by OFAC, the US State Department, the US Department of Commerce (b) by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or (c) by other relevant sanctions authorities to the extent compliance with the sanctions imposed by such other authorities would not entail a violation of Applicable Law. 
 Santander means Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch. 
 Santander Purchaser Group means the Purchaser Group with Santander, as Committed Purchaser and Santander, as Purchaser Agent. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor governmental authority. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017 2042 of 12 December 2017. 
 Security is defined in Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act. 
 Seller is defined in the preamble . 
 Seller Account Agreement means that certain Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Seller, an Account Bank and the Administrative Agent. 
 Seller Assets is defined in Section 9.1 . 
 Seller Collection Accounts means the accounts specified as such in Exhibit B , each of which shall be maintained at an Account Bank in the name of Seller. 
 Servicer is defined in Section 8.1(a) . 
 Servicer Termination Event means the occurrence of (i) a Material Adverse Change after the Effective Date with respect to Servicer, (ii) an Insolvency Event with respect to Servicer or (iii) an Event of Default. 
 Servicing Fee means the fee for each Settlement Period equal, for each day of such Settlement Period to, the Servicing Fee Rate multiplied by the aggregate Unpaid Balance of all Pool Assets as of the Cut-Off Date of such Settlement Period, multiplied by 1 360, payable in arrears. 
 Appendix 46 
 770272219 16509877 

Servicing Fee Rate means 0.25 per annum. 
 Settlement Date means, with respect to any Settlement Period, the third (3 rd Business Day following the Reporting Date for such Settlement Period provided that the last Settlement Date shall be the last day of the last Settlement Period. 
 Settlement Period means 
 (a) the period from the Closing Date to the end of the next calendar month thereafter and 
 (b) thereafter, each subsequent calendar month 
 provided that the last Settlement Period shall end on the Final Payout Date provided further that when used with respect to any period prior to the Closing Date, Settlement Period shall mean each calendar month. 
 SOFR means the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person and as of any particular date, (i) the present fair market value (or present fair saleable value) of the assets of such Person is not less than the total amount required to pay the probable liabilities of such Person on its total existing debts and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as they become absolute and matured, (ii) such Person is able to pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature and become due in the normal course of business, (iii) such Person s debts or liabilities are not beyond its ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged in any business or transaction, and is not about to engage in any business or transaction, for which its property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 
 Specified Regulation means (A) the final rule titled Risk-Based Capital Guidelines Capital Adequacy Guidelines Capital Maintenance Regulatory Capital Impact of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs and Other Related Issues , adopted by the United States bank regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009 (the FAS 166 167 Capital Guidelines ), (B) the Securitisation Regulation, (C) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (the Dodd-Frank Act ), (D) all requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any 
 Appendix 47 
 770272219 16509877 

successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities relating to (i) the July 1988 paper or the June 2006 paper prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Basel Committee as set out in the publication entitled International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards a Revised Framework , as updated from time to time, or any rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives promulgated or issued in connection therewith by any bank regulatory agency (whether or not having the force of law) Basel II or (ii) the paper prepared by the Basel Committee as set out in the publication entitled Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , as updated from time to time, or any rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives promulgated or issued in connection therewith by any bank regulatory agency (whether or not having the force of law) Basel III and together with Basel II, the Basel Accord and (E) any existing or future rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives from any Governmental Authority relating to Accounting Standards Codification 860-10-40-5(a), the FAS 166 167 Capital Guidelines, the Dodd-Frank Act or the BASEL Accord (whether or not having the force of law) or any rules or regulations promulgated in connection therewith by any United States bank regulatory agency. 
 Stressed Realizable Value means, with respect to any Loan, the value of all Related Security with respect thereto as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy using the Obligor s most recent monthly financial statements received by the Servicer. 
 Subject Investment is defined in Section 3.5(d) . 
 Subordinated Note has the meaning set forth in the Sale Agreement. 
 Subordinated Note Financiers means each of MUFG Bank, Ltd., as buyer and buyer agent, each other financial institution from time to time party to any Subordinated Note Financing Document, as buyer, and any of their respective Affiliates that is a party to any Subordinated Note Financing Document. 
 Subordinated Note Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by one or more Originators and the Subordinated Note Financiers pursuant to which one or more Originators may (a) sell, transfer, assign or convey one or more Subordinated Notes to the Subordinated Note Financiers and or (b) grant a security interest in one or more Subordinated Notes to the Subordinated Note Financiers. 
 Subordinated Note Financing Document means each purchase agreement, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan agreement, repurchase agreement, security agreement and or other financing agreement entered into from time to time between the Subordinated Note Financiers and one or more Originators in connection with a Subordinated Note Financing, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, more than 50 of the total voting power of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any 
 Appendix 48 
 770272219 16509877 

contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled by that Person either directly or through one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or business entity other than a corporation, more than 50 of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled by that Person either directly or through one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. 
 Substandard means, with respect to any Loan, one which has a Risk Rating of adverse and is classified as Doubtful or Loss in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 Successor Notice is defined in Section 8.1(b) . 
 Supplemental Purchase Acceptance is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii)(B) . 
 Supplemental Purchase Request is defined in Section 1.2(a)(ii)(A) . 
 Syndicated CHS Loan means any advance by an Originator to an Obligor under a syndicated loan facility in which such Originator participates as a member of the lender group but is not the originating lender or facility or administrative agent. 
 Taxes means all income, gross receipts, rental, franchise, excise, stamp, occupational, capital, value added, sales, use, ad valorem (real and personal), property (real and personal) and taxes, fees, levies, imposts, charges or withholdings of any nature whatsoever, together with any assessments, penalties, fines, additions to tax and interest thereon, howsoever imposed, by any Governmental Authority or other taxing authority in the United States or by any foreign government, foreign governmental subdivision or other foreign or international taxing authority. 
 Term Loan means any Loan which is not an Operating Loan used for the purpose of purchasing fixed assets, expansion, remodeling, or building working capital. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to any Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), the sum of the Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one (1) month on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Yield Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was 
 Appendix 49 
 770272219 16509877 

published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to any Rate Tranche for which the Yield Rate is calculated pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate , the sum of the Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day 
 provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment means 0.10 . 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Total Committed Investment means, at any time with respect to the Asset Interest, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate of the amounts theretofore paid to Seller as the Purchase Price for each Committed Purchase pursuant to Section 1.1(a) less (b) the aggregate amount of Collections theretofore received and actually distributed to the Purchasers, and not reinvested as a Reinvestment, on account of each Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Committed Investment pursuant to Section 1.3 (and not rescinded or otherwise returned or reinvested pursuant to Section 1.3 ). 
 Total Investment means, at any time with respect to the Asset Interest, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate of the amounts theretofore paid to Seller as the Purchase Price pursuant to Section 1.1 less (b) the aggregate amount of Collections theretofore received and actually distributed to the Purchasers, and not reinvested as a Reinvestment, on account of each Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Investment pursuant to Section 1.3 (and not rescinded or otherwise returned or reinvested pursuant to Section 1.3 ). 
 Appendix 50 
 770272219 16509877 

Total Uncommitted Investment means, at any time with respect to the Asset Interest, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate of the amounts theretofore paid to Seller as the Purchase Price for each Uncommitted Purchase pursuant to Section 1.1(b) less (b) the aggregate amount of Collections theretofore received and actually distributed to the Purchasers, and not reinvested as a Reinvestment, on account of each Purchaser Group s aggregate Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment pursuant to Section 1.3 (and not rescinded or otherwise returned or reinvested pursuant to Section 1.3 ). 
 Tranche Investment means in relation to any Rate Tranche and any Purchaser Group the amount of such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Investment allocated by the related Purchaser Agent to such Rate Tranche pursuant to Section 2.1 provided that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches of all Purchaser Groups shall equal the Total Investment provided , further , that at all times the aggregate amounts allocated to all Rate Tranches of any Purchaser Group shall equal the aggregate Purchaser Group Investment of such Purchaser Group. 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the No Petition Agreement, the Fee Letter, the Custodian Agreement, the Account Agreements, the Effective Date Amendments, each Notice of Purchase, Seller s limited liability company agreement, the Payoff Letter, and all other documents, agreements and certificates to be executed and delivered in connection herewith or in connection with any of the foregoing as to which Seller, Servicer, CHS, the Performance Guarantor, any Originator or any of their Affiliates is a party. For the avoidance of doubt, no Subordinated Note Financing Document (other than the No Petition Agreement) shall constitute a Transaction Document hereunder. 
 Transaction Information shall mean any information provided to any Rating Agency, in each case, to the extent related to such Rating Agency providing or proposing to provide a rating of any Commercial Paper Notes or monitoring such rating including, without limitation, information in connection with the Seller, any Originator, the Servicer or the Pool Assets. 
 UCC means, in respect of each state in the United States of America, the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in such state. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Appendix 51 
 770272219 16509877 

Uncommitted Amount means, at any time and with respect to any Purchaser Group, the maximum amount which the Purchasers in such Purchaser Group may, in their sole and absolute discretion, pay hereunder on account of any Purchase above such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment as set forth on Exhibit C . 
 Uncommitted Purchase is defined in Section 1.1(b) . 
 Uncommitted Ratable Share means, at any time, for any Purchaser Group, a percentage equal to the quotient of (a) the Uncommitted Amount for such Purchaser Group at such time, divided by (b) the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount at such time. 
 Unmatured Event of Default means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Unmatured Servicer Termination Event means any event which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would, unless cured or waived, become a Servicer Termination Event. 
 Unpaid Balance of (i) any Receivable means, at any time, the sum of (a) the unpaid amount thereof, plus (b) the unpaid amount of all finance charges, interest payments and other amounts actually accrued thereon at such time, but excluding, in the case of clause (b) above, all late payment charges, delinquency charges, and extension or collection fees and (ii) any Loan means, at any time, the outstanding principal balance thereof, excluding any accrued and outstanding finance charges and interest payments related thereto provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Unpaid Balance of each Participation Loan shall only include the outstanding principal balance owed to the applicable Originator under such Participation Loan and not the outstanding principal balance owed to any other lender under such Participation Loan. 
 Unpaid Balance to Stressed Realizable Value means, with respect to any Obligor, the ratio of (i) the Obligor s combined Unpaid Balances to (ii) the related Stressed Realizable Value. 
 Unused Fee is defined in the Fee Letter. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person is defined in Section 3.3(e)(vi) . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate is defined in Section 3.3(e)(vii)(3) . 
 USD means United States Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 Victory means Victory Receivables Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 Appendix 52 
 770272219 16509877 

Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Voting Interest shall mean membership or other ownership interests in CHS whose holders are entitled under ordinary circumstances to vote for the election of the directors of CHS or persons performing similar functions (irrespective of whether at the time membership or other ownership interests of any other class or classes shall have or might have voting power by reasoning of the happening of any contingency). 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate means, for each Settlement Period (determined as of the last day of each calendar month), the sum, for all Loans, of the amount determined in respect of each Loan by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Unpaid Balance of such Loan and the denominator of which is the Unpaid Balance of all Loans, multiplied by (ii) the applicable interest rate for such Loan provided that each Retailer Adjusted Loan shall have an interest rate of zero for purposes of this definition. 
 Weighted Average Life means, for each Settlement Period (determined as of the last day of each calendar month), the sum, for the Pool Receivables or Pool Loans (calculated separately), of the amount determined in respect of each Receivable or Loan by multiplying (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Unpaid Balance of such Receivable or Loan and the denominator of which is the Unpaid Balance of all Receivables or Loans (as applicable), multiplied by (ii) the remaining term to maturity of such Receivable or Loan, expressed in years. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Yield means, for any day with respect to any Rate Tranche 
 (PTI x YR) 360 + LF where 
 YR the Yield Rate for such Rate Tranche PTI Purchaser s Tranche Investment in such Rate Tranche on such day and LF the Liquidation Fee, if any, for such day. 
 
 Appendix 53 
 770272219 16509877 

Yield and Servicing Fee Reserve Percentage (Receivables) means, on any day, a percentage determined as follows 
 ((YRxSF)+SFR + PR) x (DSO) 360 
 where 
 YR the weighted average Yield Rate for the prior Settlement Period 
 SFR the Servicing Fee Rate 
 PR the Program Fee Rate 
 SF 1.5 and 
 DSO the Days Sales Outstanding on such day. 
 Yield Period means (x) with respect to any Rate Tranche that is funded or maintained other than through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes 
 (a) the period commencing on the date of the initial Purchase of the Asset Interest, the making of such Liquidity Advance or funding under such Enhancement Agreement or the creation of such Rate Tranche pursuant to Section 2.1 (whichever is latest) and ending such number of days thereafter as the applicable Purchaser Agent shall select in its sole discretion and 
 (b) each period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Yield Period for the related Rate Tranche and ending such number of days thereafter as the applicable Purchaser Agent shall select in its sole discretion 
 provided , that 
 (i) any such Yield Period (other than a Yield Period consisting of one day) which would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day 
 (ii) in the case of Yield Periods of one day for any Rate Tranche, (A) the initial Yield Period shall be the date such Yield Period commences as described in clause (a) above and (B) any subsequently occurring Yield Period which is one day shall, if the immediately preceding Yield Period is more than one day, be the last day of such immediately preceding Yield Period, and if the immediately preceding Yield Period is one day, shall be the next day following such immediately preceding Yield Period and 
 (iii) in the case of any Yield Period for any Rate Tranche which commences before the Purchase Termination Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring after the Purchase Termination Date, such Yield Period shall end on the Purchase Termination Date and the duration of each such Yield Period which commences on or after the Purchase Termination Date for such Rate Tranche shall be of such duration as shall be selected by the applicable Purchaser Agent and 
 Appendix 54 
 770272219 16509877 

(y) with respect to any Rate Tranche that is funded or maintained through the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes, each Settlement Period. 
 Yield Rate means for any Rate Tranche on any day 
 (a) in the case of a Rate Tranche funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the applicable CP Rate and 
 (b) in the case of a Rate Tranche not funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the applicable Bank Rate for such Rate Tranche 
 provided , that 
 (i) on any day as to any Rate Tranche which is not funded by Commercial Paper Notes, the Yield Rate shall equal the applicable Base Rate if (A) Administrative Agent does not receive notice or determine, by 12 00 noon (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of the related Yield Period, that such Rate Tranche shall not be funded by Commercial Paper Notes or (B) Administrative Agent or Purchaser Agent determines that (I) funding that Rate Tranche on a basis consistent with pricing based on the applicable Bank Rate would violate any Applicable Law or (II) that deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match fund such Rate Tranche based on the applicable Bank Rate are not available and 
 (ii) on any day when any Event of Default shall have occurred that has not been waived in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Yield Rate for each Rate Tranche means a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) the applicable Bank Rate, plus 2.5 per annum and (B) the applicable Prime Rate for such date. 
 B. Other Interpretive Matters. 
 All accounting terms defined directly or by incorporation in this Agreement or the Sale Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the Sale Agreement and all such certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires (a) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such Article (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day (d) the words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement (or such certificate or document) (e) references to any Section, Schedule or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition (f) the term including means including without limitation (g) references to any Applicable Law refer to that Applicable 
 Appendix 55 
 770272219 16509877 

Law as amended from time to time and include any successor Applicable Law (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as from time to time amended, restated, extended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement are waived or modified in accordance with its terms (i) references to any Person include that Person s permitted successors and assigns (j) headings are for purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof (k) unless otherwise provided, in the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the term from means from and including , and the terms to and until each means to but excluding (l) if any calculation to be made hereunder refers to a Settlement Period (or any portion thereof) that would have occurred prior to the Closing Date, such reference shall be deemed to be a reference to a calendar month and (m) terms in one gender include the parallel terms in the neuter and opposite gender. 
 Appendix 56 
 770272219 16509877 

SCHEDULE I PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS 
 With respect to MUFG 
 Bank ABA # Account # Account Name 
 Customer Name 
 
 With respect to Rabobank 
 Bank Swift Address ABA # Account # FAO Reference 
 With respect to Nieuw Amsterdam 
 Bank ABA # 
 Account # 
 Account Name Reference 
 
 With respect to PNC 
 
 Bank 
 ABA # 
 Account Name 
 Account # 
 Reference 
 
 With respect to Santander 
 
 Bank 
 ABA # 
 Account Name 
 Account # 
 Reference 
 
 Schedule I 
 770272219 16509877 

SCHEDULE II EXCLUDED FOREIGN ACCOUNT DEBTOR JURISDICTIONS 
 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. 
 Schedule II-1 
 770272219 16509877 

SCHEDULE 13.2 ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
 If to Seller 
 Cofina Funding, LLC 
 5500 Cenex Drive Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota 55077 Attention Tel 
 Fax 
 Email 
 If to Servicer 
 CHS Inc. 
 5500 Cenex Drive Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota 55077 Attention Tel 
 Fax 
 Email 
 If to MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020 Attn Tel Fax Email 
 If to Victory Receivables Corporation 
 Victory Receivables Corporation c o Global Securitization Services, LLC 68 South Service Road, Suite 120 Melville, NY 11747 Attn Tel 
 Fax Email 
 
 Schedule 13.2-1 
 770272219 16509877 

If to Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V. 
 
 Basisweg 10 
 1043 AP Amsterdam 
 The Netherlands 
 Attention 
 Email 
 Facsimile No. 
 
 Schedule 13.2-2 
 770272219 16509877 

With a Copy to 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. (New York Branch) 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 Attn Tel Fax Email 
 If to Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
 Coreselaan 18 
 3521 CB Utrecht 
 The Netherlands 
 With a Copy to 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 Attn Tel Fax Email 
 If to Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 Attn Tel Fax Email 
 If to PNC Bank, National Association 
 
 PNC Bank, National Association 
 The Tower at PNC Plaza 
 300 Fifth Avenue, 11 th Floor 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 Attention 
 Telephone 
 Facsimile 
 Schedule 13.2-3 
 770272219 16509877 

Email 
 
 If to Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch 
 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch 
 437 Madison Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Telephone 
 Facsimile 
 Attention 
 Email 

Schedule 13.2-4 
 770272219 16509877 

EXHIBIT A 
 CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 
 Credit Terms Energy 
 Pay terms include 
 
 Propane 
 
 Rack Net 10 or Net 15 depending on region from invoice date 
 Rail - Net 30 from invoice date 
 Bulk Trades Net 5 business days from invoice date 
 Butane 5 days following month end from invoice date 
 
 Lubricants 
 
 Branded Cooperative - Net 20 from invoice date 
 Unbranded Non Cooperative - Net 30 from invoice date 
 CLT - Net 60 from invoice date 
 
 Refined Fuels 
 
 Rack - 10 Days from invoice date 
 Spot - 2 Business Days, paid by wire from invoice date 
 RINS - 5 Business Days, paid by wire from invoice date 
 Refined Fuel Differential Exchange - current month activity billed the following month due on the first business day of the next month. For example March activity billed in April and due May 1 st 
 
 Any new exceptions for non-standard terms require prior approval by Enterprise Credit COE. 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Business Overview - Energy 
 Business Overview Propane 
 Propane is a liquid gas that is a by-product of the petroleum refining process. A small portion of the propane CHS distributes is produced at one of its two refineries. The majority of propane sold by CHS is purchased from other producers. 
 
 From a supply and pricing perspective, CHS propane business has two main market hubs Conway, KS and Mont Belvieu, TX. The Conway market covers the West and Midwest area of the US while the Mont Belvieu market encompasses the Southern and Eastern portion of the US. US exports generally come out of the Mont Belvieu market given its access to the Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 Major uses of propane are for residential heating, crop drying (corn and tobacco), irrigation, and poultry farms (chicken and turkey barns). A majority of propane sales are in rural areas where natural gas pipelines have not been constructed. Besides natural gas, another major energy alternative to propane is electric heat. 
 
 By its very nature, propane is an odorless gas but its stench with a sour odor for safety reasons. Approximately 60 of the propane sold by CHS is done so on future contracts. These contracts may be fixed priced and thus present potential mark-to-market risk for CHS or they may be an indexed contract in which the price fluctuates with the market. Indexed contracts are generally for just a one-month period while fixed priced contracts are typically for a 12-month period. With its fixed priced contracts, CHS allows the customer the option to extend the contract for another 12- month period if they have not lifted the required gallons. The customer has to pay an extension fee for this option. 
 
 In addition to propane, CHS also sells a small amount of other NGLs such as butane and propylene. 
 
 Margins 
 Propane, may experience higher volumes and profitability during the winter heating and fall crop drying seasons. 
 
 Types of Customers 
 CHS Member Cooperatives 
 Independents 
 Regional National Global 
 Traders 
 Collateral is generally used as a credit enhancement. Most common types of collateral are 
 Standby Letter of Credit 
 Corporate and Personal Guarantee 
 Cash Collateral 
 Credit Insurance 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Off-Premise Inventory Storage 
 PROPANE No prepayment activity. CHS leases approximately 10 sites to store propane. Title to the product remains with CHS. The propane accounting team receives monthly inventory balance reports from the storage facilities and the Energy Accounting staff reconciles these reports to our records. The value of the off-premise inventory varies with the peak usage seasons like fall and winter. 
 
 Business Overview - Lubricants 
 The US lubricant market is dominated by a few major producers. They include BP Castrol, Shell, Exxon Mobil, and Chevron. As such, CHS is a market follower in respect to price increases or decreases. CHS produces its lubricant products at one of three manufacturing sites located in the US Inver Grove Heights, MN Kenton, OH and Amarillo, TX. CHS markets its branded products under two different brand names Cenex and Farm Oyl. Branded products are primarily sold for agricultural purposes to maintain farm implement equipment. CHS also produces unbranded product primarily used to maintain fleet vehicles and to be used for various industrial purposes. The final segment of lubricant sales made by CHS are private label products produced exclusively for various clients according to their own unique specifications. 
 
 A vast majority of CHS lubricant sales are made through a CLT (Cenex Lubricant Terminal) network. There are approximately 20 CLT dealers throughout the country that purchase lubricant product in bulk from CHS. They warehouse the product in their market territory and then redistribute the product to other CHS customers, primarily member farm coops, in the area. In these cases, CHS credits the CLT distributor and rebills directly the member farm coop customer. 
 
 Margins 
 Since the production of lubricant product is more of a traditional manufacturing process compared to either the distribution of refined fuels or propane, it enjoys much higher margins, especially for branded product. Unbranded margins are slightly lower than that for branded product while margins for private label products are generally the lowest given the competitive bidding nature. 
 
 Types of Customers 
 CHS Member Cooperatives 
 Independents 
 Regional National 
 Collateral is generally used as a credit enhancement. Most common types of collateral are 
 Corporate and Personal Guarantee 
 Cash Collateral 
 Off Premise Inventory Storage 
 CHS has three plants that store the majority of the inventory until it is sold. Use of third party off premise inventory storage is uncommon. 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 2 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Regional National Energy Corporations 
 
 There are three types of energy companies 
 
 Downstream companies generally involved in refining and the marketing and distribution of refined fuels 
 Mid-Stream generally those companies involved with the gathering and storing petroleum products 
 Fully Integrated are companies that encompass Upstream Mid-Stream and Downstream activities 
 Traders companies involved with the physical and paper bulk refined fuel transactions. 
 Business Overview - Refined Fuels 
 The refined fuels business segment within CHS focuses on the distribution of our refined fuel offtake from CHS owned refineries. Generally, our supply of gas is larger than demand while our supply of distillate is smaller than our demand. Refined fuel products are distributed to our core customer via refined fuel rack terminals. Over Under supply of refined fuel products are generally resolved through trades exchanges of product with national global companies via pipeline transactions. 
 
 Margins 
 Refined Fuels Products generally experiences higher volumes and profitability, in the summer and early fall when gasoline and diesel fuel usage is highest and is subject to global supply and demand forces 
 
 Types of customers 
 Customers are classified as 
 
 Branded Customers that have signed a Branded Petroleum Marketing Agreement (BPMA), and or a Branded Petroleum Distribution Agreement (BPDA) with CHS. 
 Unbranded - Customers that purchase unbranded fuels from CHS. The types of Refined Fuels customers include 
 CHS Member Cooperatives 
 Independents 
 Independents are split into three categories. 
 
 Retailer dealer or non-dealer c-store, card troll, bulk distribution locations What is the risk profile and key consideration for the typical retailer that is different from other customer types (i.e. Their ability to collection on their receivables Their inventory turnover What makes one jobber higher risk than others What do you look for in subjective factors, etc. 
 Jobber distributor of refined fuels products to retail and bulk locations only. What is the risk profile and key consideration for the typical jobber that is different from other customer types (i.e. Their ability to collection on their receivables Their inventory 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 3 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

turnover What makes one jobber higher risk than others Do jobbers typically have fixed assets What do you look for in subjective factors, etc. 
 Combo Have retail and jobber functions 
 Collateral is generally used as a credit enhancement. Most common types of collateral are 
 Standby Letter of Credit 
 Corporate and Personal Guarantee 
 Cash Collateral 
 Credit Insurance 
 Unbilled Inventory Risk 
 Off-Premise Inventory Storage 
 REFINED FUELS No prepayment activity. CHS leases 7 or 8 larger storage facilities and a higher number of smaller facilities for offsite inventory storage. Title to the product remains with CHS. At the end of each month, CHS receives reports from each facility listing the inventory balance and the Energy Accounting staff reconciles the inventory balances to our records. 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 4 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Credit Application Requirements Energy 
 Credit Submission Requirements 
 
 Credit Amount Information Requirements Underwriting Method 0 - 100,000 Credit Application 
 Credit Scoring 100,001 Credit Application 
 Annual Financial Statement (Balance sheet and income statement or full accountant prepared financial statement) 
 Scoring model and narrative (details analysis depends on the strength of the credit) 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

CHS Delegated Authorities- Wholesale Credit Approval Level Position 1 Associate Credit Analyst 2 Credit Analyst 3 Sr. Credit Analyst 4 Credit Manager 5 Director of Credit 6 VP Enterprise Credit 7 CHS Credit Loan Committee & CFO - CHS Inc. Required A R Credit Limit Approval Authority Credit Limit 100k 
 Up to 150k Up to 250k Up to 500k Up to 5M Up to 10M 10M Approval Level Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Level 5 Level 6 Level 7 Credit Limit authority additional guidelines Approval Levels 1-6 are individual authority levels 

Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Credit Terms - Crop Nutrients 
 Credit terms are 
 Co perative Dealer 15 days from date of invoice 
 Industrial 30 days from date of invoice 
 Forestry 45 days from date of invoice 
 Contract terms will vary by specific contract 
 
 Any new exceptions for non-standard terms require prior approval by Enterprise Credit COE. 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Business Overview Crop Nutrients 
 Business Overview 
 CHS is a marketer in the fertilizer industry. It competes with other marketers, traders, brokers, manufactures and dealers. It is a highly competitive industry which may cause customers buying habits to be inconsistent from year to year. In addition, the competitive nature of the industry requires credit to be more flexible. For example personal and corporate guarantees are the prevalent source of credit enhancement payment is generally by check rather than ACH or wire transfer. 
 
 Types of Customers 
 CHS Member Cooperatives 
 Dealers 
 Manufactures 
 Marketers 
 Traders 
 Collateral 
 Corporate and Personal Guarantees 
 Cash Collateral 
 Standby Letter of Credit 
 Use of credit insurance 
 UCC s 
 Off-Premise Inventory Storage 
 Crop Nutrients utilizes third party warehouse locations to store crop nutrient products. In these situations, the value of the product should be considered credit risk and included in the exposure calculation. CHS utilizes a Warehousing Storage and Handling Agreement to document the ownership of the product. A UCC is typically filed at the state level to notify other lenders of CHS interest in the product. The Crop Nutrient group maintains a monthly accounting of the receipt and disbursement of the product at the location. Consideration should be given to completing periodic physical inventory checks for higher risk credits. The Crop Nutrients group maintains of list of all OPI locations. 
 
 Last modified on 3, October 2018 Data Classification For Internal-Use only 1 
 732718355 16509877 
 770272219 16509877 

Credit Application Requirements Crop Nutrients 
 Credit Submission Requirements 
 
 Credit Amount Information Requirements Underwriting Method 0 - 100,000 Credit Application 
 Credit Scoring 100,001 Credit Application 
 Annual Financial Statement (Balance sheet and income statement or full accountant prepared financial statement) 
 Scoring model and narrative (details analysis depends on the strength of the credit) 

Exhibit A-1 
 
 770272219 16509877 

Credit Terms Wholesale Crop Protection 
 
 Payment terms within Wholesale Crop Protection vary greatly according to the type of product and are generally driven by manufacturer s suggested terms. These manufacturer s terms are generally allowed and passed thru to customers if the customer is deemed credit worthy. 
 
 Common manufacturer terms include 
 Net due June 
 Net 30, 60 and 90 
 Net due July-October terms offered for specialty, in-season (shipments after June due date) and late season products 
 Net due March 
 Proprietary products (CHS owned) terms include 
 Net due June 
 Net due March 31 
 Net 30 

The net (month) terms generally offer a 6 APR monthly discount schedule back to December 
 Exceptions are made to standard terms in the form of approved extended terms. See extended terms policy. 

Exhibit A-2 
 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit B 
 Collection Accounts Lockboxes Originator Specified Accounts Concentration Account 
 1. CHS Inc. Owned Accounts 
 Collection Account for Energy & CN A R 
 
 Bank Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 Address 420 Montgomery, San Francisco, CA 94104 
 Routing number 
 Account name 
 Account number 
 
 Lockboxes for Energy & CN A R 
 
 Lockbox Number 
 Lockbox Site Code 
 Address CHS, NW5912, PO Box 1450, Minneapolis, MN 55485-5912 
 
 Lockbox Number 
 Lockbox Site Code 
 Address CHS, NW9087, PO Box 1450, Minneapolis, MN 55485-9087 
 
 Collection Account for Crop Protection A R 
 
 Bank BMO Harris Bank N.A. 
 Address 111 West Monroe Street, 9C, Chicago, IL 60603 
 Routing number 
 Account Name 
 Account number 
 
 Collection Account for Crop Protection A R 
 
 Bank Bremer Bank, National Association 
 Address 500 Willmar Avenue SE, Willmar, MN 56201 
 Routing number 
 Account name 
 Account number 

Exhibit B-1 
 770272219 16509877 

2. CHS Capital, LLC Owned Accounts 
 Collection Account for CHS Capital, LLC Loans 
 
 Bank Merchants Bank 
 Address 102 E 3 rd St, Winona, MN 55987 
 Routing number 
 Account number 
 
 3. Cofina Funding, LLC Owned Accounts 
 Collection Account for Cofina Funding, LLC 
 
 Bank BMO Harris Bank 
 Address 320 E Lake St. Minneapolis, MN 55408 
 Routing number 
 Account number 
 
 Concentration Account 
 
 Bank BMO Harris Bank, N.A. 
 Address 320 E Lake St. Minneapolis, MN 55408 
 Routing number 
 Account number 

Exhibit B-2 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit C 
 Purchaser Groups 
 Purchaser Group 
 MUFG Purchaser Group 
 Conduit Purchaser 
 Victory Receivables Corporation 
 Committed Purchaser 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Purchaser Agent 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Purchaser Group Commitment 
 
 Purchaser Group Uncommitted Amount 
 
 Purchaser Group 
 Rabobank Purchaser Group 
 Conduit Purchaser 
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation B.V. 
 Committed Purchaser 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A. 
 Purchaser Agent 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 
 Purchaser Group Commitment 
 
 Purchaser Group Uncommitted Amount 

Exhibit C-1 
 770272219 16509877 

Purchaser Group 
 PNC Purchaser Group 
 Committed Purchaser 
 PNC Bank, National Association 
 Purchaser Agent 
 PNC Bank, National Association 
 Purchaser Group Commitment 
 
 Purchaser Group Uncommitted Amount 
 
 Purchaser Group 
 Santander Purchaser Group 
 Committed Purchaser 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch 
 Purchaser Agent 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch 
 Purchaser Group Commitment 
 
 Purchaser Group Uncommitted Amount 
 
 Purchasers Total Commitment 
 
 Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount 

Exhibit C-2 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit D 
 Form of Loan Documents 
 On file with the Administrative Agent 
 Exhibit D-1 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit E 
 Form of Notice of Purchase 
 
 Date of Notice of Purchase 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent for the MUFG Purchaser Group 
 1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Rabobank Purchaser Group 
 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 
 PNC Bank, National Association, as Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group 
 The Tower at PNC Plaza 
 300 Fifth Avenue, 11 th Floor 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Santander Purchaser Group 
 437 Madison Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2017 (and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement between, amongst others, Cofina Funding, LLC (the Seller ), CHS Inc., as servicer (the Servicer ), each Person from time to time party thereto as a Purchaser and or a Purchaser Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f k a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. 
 Pursuant to Section 1.2(a)(i) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) hereby requests that the Purchasers make a ratable Committed Purchase as follows 
 
 1. The date of the Committed Purchase is __________________ (the Purchase Date ). 1 

1 This date must be a Business Day, and the related Notice of Purchase must be delivered no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second (2 nd Business Day preceding this date. 
 Exhibit E-1 
 770272219 16509877 

2. The requested Purchase Price for the Committed Purchase is __________________. 
 
 3. The amount of the Committed Purchase is to be allocated to each Purchaser Group in accordance with each Purchaser Group s Ratable Share of the Committed Purchase. 
 
 The Seller hereby certifies, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent that on and as of the Purchase Date 
 
 (a) Attached as Exhibit A hereto is a pro forma Information Package after giving effect to the Committed Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date 
 
 (b) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, in the Sale Agreement and in each other Transaction Document that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such day as though made on and as of the Purchase Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period) 
 
 (c) no event has occurred and is continuing or would result from the Committed Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date, that constitutes an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event 
 
 (d) after giving effect to the Committed Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date, (i) with respect to any Purchaser Group, (x) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and (y) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, (ii) the Total Committed Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (iii) the Total Uncommitted Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, and (iv) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base and 
 
 (e) the Purchase Termination Date has not occurred. 

Exhibit E-2 
 770272219 16509877 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller has caused this Notice of Purchase to be executed and delivered as of this ____ day of _______________, _____. 

COFINA FUNDING, LLC , as Seller By Name Title 
 Exhibit E-3 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit F 
 Form of Notice of Payment 
 
 Date of Notice of Payment 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent for the MUFG Purchaser Group 
 1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Rabobank Purchaser Group 
 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 
 PNC Bank, National Association, as Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group 
 The Tower at PNC Plaza 
 300 Fifth Avenue, 11 th Floor 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Santander Purchaser Group 
 437 Madison Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2017 (and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement between, amongst others, Cofina Funding, LLC (the Seller ), CHS Inc., as servicer (the Servicer ), each Person from time to time party thereto as a Purchaser and or a Purchaser Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f k a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. 
 Pursuant to Section 3.1(d)(vi) Section 3.2(c) Section 3.2(e) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) hereby notifies the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent that it will make payments to the reduction of the Obligations in the aggregate principal amount of ________________ on date . 

Exhibit F-1 
 770272219 16509877 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller has caused this Notice of Payment to be executed and delivered as of this ____ day of _______________, _____. 

COFINA FUNDING, LLC , as Seller By Name Title 

Exhibit F-2 
 770272219 16509877 

Exhibit G 
 Form of Purchase Request 
 
 Date of Purchase Request 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent and Purchaser Agent for the MUFG Purchaser Group 
 1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Rabobank Purchaser Group 
 245 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10167 
 PNC Bank, National Association, as Purchaser Agent for the PNC Purchaser Group 
 The Tower at PNC Plaza 
 300 Fifth Avenue, 11 th Floor 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
 
 Banco Santander S.A., New York Branch, as Purchaser Agent for the Santander Purchaser Group 
 437 Madison Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2017 (and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement between, amongst others, Cofina Funding, LLC (the Seller ), CHS Inc., as servicer (the Servicer ), each Person from time to time party thereto as a Purchaser and or a Purchaser Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f k a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. 
 Pursuant to Section 1.2(a)(ii) of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) hereby requests that the Purchasers make a ratable Uncommitted Purchase as follows 
 
 1. The date of the Uncommitted Purchase is __________________ (the Purchase Date ). 2 

2 This date must be a Business Day, and the related Purchase Request must be delivered no later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the fifteenth (15 th Business Day preceding this date. 
 Exhibit G-1 
 770272219 16509877 

2. The requested Purchase Price for the Uncommitted Purchase is __________________. 
 
 3. The amount of the Uncommitted Purchase is to be allocated to each Purchaser Group as follows 
 
 MUFG Purchaser Group ____________. 
 
 Rabobank Purchaser Group ____________. 
 
 PNC Purchaser Group ____________. 
 
 Santander Purchaser Group ____________. 
 
 The Seller hereby certifies, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser Agent that on and as of the Purchase Date 
 
 (1) Attached as Exhibit A hereto is a pro forma Information Package after giving effect to the Uncommitted Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date 
 
 (2) each of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, in the Sale Agreement and in each other Transaction Document that are qualified as to materiality are true and correct, and each not so qualified are true and correct in all material respects, in each case, on and as of such day as though made on and as of the Purchase Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties explicitly refer solely to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date or period) 
 
 (3) no event has occurred and is continuing or would result from the Uncommitted Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date, that constitutes an Event of Default, an Unmatured Event of Default, a Servicer Termination Event or an Unmatured Servicer Termination Event 
 
 (4) after giving effect to the Uncommitted Purchase and any other Purchase proposed to be made on the Purchase Date, (i) with respect to any Purchaser Group, (x) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and (y) such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Uncommitted Investment will not exceed such Purchaser Group s Uncommitted Amount, (ii) the Total Committed Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Commitment, (iii) the Total Uncommitted Investment will not exceed the Purchasers Total Uncommitted Amount, and (iv) the Total Investment will not exceed the sum of the Receivables Investment Base and the Loan Investment Base 
 
 Exhibit G-2 
 770272219 16509877 

(5) after giving effect to any Committed Purchase on such date, each Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Committed Investment is greater than or equal to each such Purchaser Group s Purchaser Group Commitment and 
 
 (6) the Purchase Termination Date has not occurred. 
 
 Exhibit G-3 
 770272219 16509877 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller has caused this Purchase Request to be executed and delivered as of this ____ day of _______________, _____. 

COFINA FUNDING, LLC , as Seller By Name Title 

Exhibit G-4 
 770272219 16509877 

EXHIBIT 3.1(a) 
 FORM OF INFORMATION PACKAGE 
 See Attached 
 
 Exhibit 3.1(a) 
 770272219 16509877 

</EX-10.26F>

<EX-10.29B>
 6
 ex1029bomnibusamendmentno2.htm
 EX-10.29B

Document 
 EX10.29B 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 2 
 This OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment ), is made and entered into as of August 28, 2024, by and among 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, a Dutch co peratieve acting through its New York Branch Rabobank ), as buyer Buyer 
 CHS Inc., a Minnesota corporation CHS ), CHS Capital, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company CHS Capital ), as sellers (each, a Seller and, collectively, the Sellers 
 CHS, as agent for the Sellers (in such capacity, Seller Agent and 
 solely for purposes of Section 7.3 hereof, CHS, as guarantor Guarantor 
 and is (i) the second amendment to the Framework Agreement (as defined below), (ii) the first amendment to the CHS MRA (as defined below) and (iii) the first amendment to the CHS Capital MRA (as defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Buyer, Sellers and Seller Agent have entered into that certain Master Framework Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Framework Agreement 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 10.5 of the Framework Agreement, the Buyer, Sellers and Seller Agent desire to amend the Framework Agreement as provided herein 
 WHEREAS, Rabobank, as buyer, and CHS, as seller, have entered into that certain 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the CHS MRA 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 17 of the CHS MRA, Rabobank and CHS desire to amend the CHS MRA as provided herein 
 WHEREAS, Rabobank, as buyer, and CHS Capital, as seller, have entered into that certain 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the CHS Capital MRA 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with Section 17 of the CHS Capital MRA, Rabobank and CHS Capital desire to amend the CHS Capital MRA as provided herein and 
 WHEREAS, Guarantor entered into the Guaranty in favor of the Buyer pursuant to which Guarantor guaranteed the payment and performance of all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness owed by each Seller under the Transaction Agreements. 

770946930 23734568 

AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties and, solely for purposes of Section 7.3 hereof, Guarantor agree as follows 
 1. Interpretation . 
 1.1. Definitions . All capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth in the Framework Agreement (including Schedule 1 thereto). 
 1.2. Construction . The rules of construction set forth in Section 1.2 of the Framework Agreement shall apply to this Amendment. 
 2. Amendment to the Framework Agreement . The Buyer, Sellers and Seller Agent hereby agree that the definition of Scheduled Facility Expiration Date in Schedule I to the Framework Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 Scheduled Facility Expiration Date means August 27, 2025. . 
 3. Amendment to the CHS MRA . Rabobank and CHS hereby agree that Section 2(b)(iii) of Annex I to the CHS MRA is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (iii) Pricing Rate means, the per annum percentage rate for determination of the Price Differential, determined for each Transaction (unless otherwise specified in the Confirmation) as being equal to the sum of (A) Term SOFR as of the applicable Purchase Date plus (B) (x) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is greater than or equal to 75 of the Funding Limit, 0.75 , (y) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is less than 75 but greater than or equal to 50 of the Funding Limit, 0.80 , and (z) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is less than 50 of the Funding Limit, 0.85 , plus (C) solely after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 2.00 
 4. Amendment to the CHS Capital MRA . Rabobank and CHS Capital hereby agree that Section 2(b)(iii) of Annex I to the CHS Capital MRA is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (iii) Pricing Rate means, the per annum percentage rate for determination of the Price Differential, determined for each Transaction (unless otherwise specified in the Confirmation) as being equal to the sum of (A) Term SOFR as of the applicable Purchase Date plus (B) (x) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is greater than or equal to 75 of the Funding Limit, 0.75 , (y) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is less than 75 but greater than or equal to 50 of the Funding Limit, 0.80 , and (z) if the average Buyer Balance for the three (3) most recent Transaction Periods (including the current Transaction Period) is less than 50 of the Funding 
 2 
 770946930 23734568 

Limit, 0.85 , plus (C) solely after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 2.00 
 5. Conditions to Effectiveness . 
 This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date upon receipt by the Buyer of 
 (a) executed counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by each party hereto 
 (b) a copy of the resolutions or unanimous written consent, as applicable, of the board of directors or board of managers, as the case may be, of each Seller, the Seller Agent and the Guarantor required to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by its secretary or any other authorized person 
 (c) a certificate issued by the Secretary of State of the applicable state or organization as to the legal existence and good standing of each Seller, the Seller Agent and the Guarantor 
 (d) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of each Seller, the Seller Agent and the Guarantor certifying attached copies of the organizational documents of such Person and all documents evidencing necessary limited liability company or corporate action (as the case may be) to be taken by and governmental approvals, if any, to be obtained by such Person with respect to this Amendment and the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to sign this Amendment or any of the other Transaction Agreements, as applicable, and any other documents to be delivered by it hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith 
 (e) favorable opinions of legal counsel to the Sellers, the Seller Agent and the Guarantor, including legal opinions as to general organizational matters, enforceability and no conflicts with laws 
 (f) the Buyer (after giving effect to this Amendment) shall have received all fees payable as of the Effective Date, as applicable, pursuant to the Framework Agreement and other Transaction Agreements and 
 (g) evidence that the fees and expenses of Mayer Brown LLP, counsel to the Buyer, have been paid in full in cash. 
 6. Representations, Warranties and Undertakings . 
 6.1. Sellers . Each Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the date hereof (or, to the extent expressly relating to a specific prior date, as of such prior date) and after giving effect to this Amendment, each of the representations and warranties of such Seller set forth in the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA, CHS Capital MRA and each other Transaction Agreement to which such Seller is a party are true and correct in all material respects, and such representations and warranties shall be deemed to include this Amendment. Each Seller further represents that it has complied with all covenants and agreements applicable to it under the 
 3 
 770946930 23734568 

Framework Agreement, CHS MRA, CHS Capital MRA and each of the other Transaction Agreements to which it is a party. Each Seller further represents and warrants that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such Seller s entry into this Amendment. 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 7.1. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, by facsimile or email, and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signatures are physically attached to the same document. A facsimile or portable document format .pdf signature page will constitute an original for the purposes of this Section 7.1. 
 7.2. Ratification . Each of the other Transaction Agreements remains in full force and effect. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that, effective from and after the Effective Date, all references to the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA in any other Transaction Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA, in each case, as amended hereby, and any amendment in this Amendment of a defined term in the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA shall apply to terms in any other Transaction Agreement which are defined by reference to the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA, as applicable. 
 7.3. Guarantor Acknowledgment and Consent . Guarantor hereby acknowledges the parties entry into this Amendment and consents to the terms and conditions hereof, it being understood that such terms and conditions may affect the extent of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty) for which Guarantor may be liable under the Guaranty. Guarantor further confirms and agrees that the Guaranty remains in full force and effect after giving effect to this Amendment and, for the avoidance of doubt, acknowledges that any amendment herein to a defined term in the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA shall apply to terms in the Guaranty which are defined by reference to the Framework Agreement, CHS MRA or CHS Capital MRA, as applicable. 
 7.4. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
 7.5. Expenses . All reasonable legal fees and expenses of the Buyer incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and each related document entered into in connection herewith shall be paid by the Sellers promptly on demand. 
 7.6. Transaction Agreement . This Amendment shall constitute a Transaction Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 4 
 770946930 23734568 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 Buyer 
 Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch 
 By Name Title 
 
 By Name Title 

SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 

Signature Page to Omnibus Amendment No. 2 
 770946930 23734568 

Seller and Seller Agent 
 CHS Inc. 
 
 By Name Title Seller 
 CHS Capital, LLC 
 
 By Name Title 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 

Signature Page to Omnibus Amendment No. 2 
 770946930 23734568 

Solely for purposes of Section 7.3 hereof 
 
 Guarantor 
 
 CHS Inc. 

By 
 
 Name Title 

Signature Page to Omnibus Amendment No. 2 
 770946930 23734568 

</EX-10.29B>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex-21183124.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 ORGANIZATION 
 Agri Point Ltd. Republic of Cyprus CENEX Ag, Inc. Delaware CENEX Pipeline, LLC Minnesota CHS de Argentina, S.A. Argentina CHS AGRONEGOCIO - Industria e Comercio Ltda. Brazil CHS Credit Management Services, LLC Minnesota CHS Capital, LLC Minnesota CHS (Taiwan) Commodity Trading Co. Ltd Taiwan CHS Trading Company Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia CHS Energy Canada Inc. Alberta CHS Hallock Canada, Inc Manitoba CHS Hallock, LLC Minnesota CHS Hedging, LLC Delaware CHS Holdings, LLC Minnesota CHS Inc. de Mexico Mexico CHS Europe S.a.r.l Switzerland CHS INC Iberica SL Spain CHS Latin America Holdings LLC Minnesota CHS Luxembourg 1 S.a.r.l Luxembourg CHS Milling LP Delaware CHS Tarim ve Gida Sanayii Limited Sirketi Turkey CHS Ukraine, LLC Ukraine CHS Bulgaria Ltd. Bulgaria CHS Agritrade Hungary Ltd. Hungary CHS Bermuda GP Bermuda CHS Bermuda 1 GP Bermuda CHS Bermuda 2 GP Bermuda CHS Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong CHS (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd. China CHS Italy S.r.l. Italy CHS Korea, LLC South Korea 

SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 ORGANIZATION 
 CHS Market Advisors LLC Delaware CHS McPherson Refinery, Inc. Kansas CHS Oilseed Processing LLC Delaware CHS Pacific Private Limited Republic of Singapore CHS Serbia D.O.O. Novi Sad Serbia CHS Singapore Trading Company PTE. LTD. Republic of Singapore CHS Uruguay SRL Uruguay CHS de Peru SRL Peru CHS-Farmco LLC Kansas CHS-GC, Inc. Colorado CHS-Holdrege, Inc. Nebraska CHS-M&M, Inc. Colorado CHS-Shipman, Inc. Illinois CHS-Sub Tillman, Inc. Oklahoma CHS-Wallace County, Inc. Kansas Circle Land Management, Inc. Minnesota Cofina Funding, LLC Delaware CoGrain Washington CHS Capital ProFund LLC Minnesota CZL Ltd. Japan Fin-Ag, Inc. South Dakota Front Range Pipeline, LLC Minnesota GTL Resources Limited England GTL Resources Overseas Investments Limited England GTL Resources USA, Inc. Delaware IGH Insurance Company, IC Washington DC Illinois River Energy, LLC Delaware Jayhawk Pipeline, LLC Kansas Kaw Pipe Line Company Delaware Lewis-Clark Terminal, Inc. Idaho Market Street Terminal, LLC Illinois M Tarhaz Raktarozasi es Szolgaltato Korlatolt Felelossegu Tarsasag Hungary 

SUBSIDIARY JURISDICTION OF 
 INCORPORATION 
 ORGANIZATION 
 Patriot Fuels Biodiesel, LLC Illinois Patriot Holdings, LLC Illinois Patriot Land Holdings, LLC Illinois Patriot Renewable Fuels, LLC Illinois Patriot Sequestration LLC Illinois Rockville Propane Terminal LLC Minnesota CHS Agritrade Romania SRL Romania S.C. Silotrans S.R.L. Romania S.C. Transporter S.R.L Romania S.P.E CHS Plant Extracts Ltd. Israel Sinav Limited England CHS de Paraguay SRL Paraguay Southwest Crop Nutrients, LLC Kansas St. Hilaire Ag Insurance, Inc. Minnesota St. Paul Maritime Corporation Minnesota Terminal Marialva Ltda. Brazil TILCO Module Movers, L.L.C. Oklahoma Watertown Crop Nutrients, LLC South Dakota West Central Distribution, LLC Minnesota 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex-23183124.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264154 and 333-278482) of CHS Inc. of our report dated November 6, 2024, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 November 6, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 9
 ex-24183124.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jay D. Debertin and Olivia Nelligan, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign a Form 10-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of CHS Inc. and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or the substitutes for such attorneys-in-fact and agents, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Name Title Date s Jay D. Debertin 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 10 28 2024 Jay D. Debertin 
 (principal executive officer) 
 s Olivia Nelligan 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 
 10 28 2024 Olivia Nelligan 
 (principal financial officer) 
 s Daniel Lehmann 
 Senior Vice President Finance, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 10 28 2024 Daniel Lehmann 
 (principal accounting officer) 
 s Daniel Schurr 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 9 5 2024 Daniel Schurr s David Beckman 
 Director 9 5 2024 David Beckman 
 s Clinton J. Blew 
 Director 9 5 2024 Clinton J. Blew 
 s Hal Clemensen 
 Director 9 5 2024 Hal Clemensen 
 s Scott A. Cordes 
 Director 9 5 2024 Scott A. Cordes 
 s Jon Erickson 
 Director 9 5 2024 Jon Erickson 
 s Mark Farrell 
 Director 9 5 2024 Mark Farrell 
 s Steven Fritel 
 Director 9 5 2024 Steve Fritel 

Name Title Date s Alan Holm 
 Director 9 5 2024 Alan Holm 
 s David Johnsrud 
 Director 9 5 2024 David Johnsrud 
 s Tracy G. Jones 
 Director 9 5 2024 Tracy G. Jones 
 s David R. Kayser 
 Director 9 5 2024 David R. Kayser 
 s Russell A. Kehl 
 Director 9 5 2024 Russell A. Kehl 
 s Anthony Rossman 
 Director 9 5 2024 Anthony Rossman s Jerrad Stroh 
 Director 9 5 2024 Jerrad Stroh 
 s Kevin Throener 
 Director 9 5 2024 Kevin Throener 
 s Cortney Wagner 
 Director 9 5 2024 Cortney Wagner 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex-31183124.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jay D. Debertin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, of CHS Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Jay D. Debertin Jay D. Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex-31283124.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Olivia Nelligan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, of CHS Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Olivia Nelligan Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex-32183124.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CHS Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay D. Debertin, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Jay D. Debertin Jay D. Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex-32283124.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CHS Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Olivia Nelligan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Olivia Nelligan Olivia Nelligan Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 14
 ex971chsincincentivecompen.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 EX97.1 

 CHS INC. INCENTIVE COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 1. Introduction . 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of CHS Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the Company, its members and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company s compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy, which provides for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive compensation in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), related rules and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and any other securities exchange on which the Company s shares are listed in the future. 
 2. Administration . 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Executive Committee or Governance Committee of the Board (the Committee ), in which case, all references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 3. Covered Executive and Directors . 
 Unless and until the Board determines otherwise, for purposes of this Policy, the term Covered Executive means a current or former employee who is or was identified by the Company as the Company s chief executive officer, president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), any other officer who performs a policy making function or any other person who performs similar policy making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s subsidiaries are deemed Covered Executives if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. Policy making function is not intended to include policy making functions that are not significant. Covered Executives include, at a minimum, the executive officers identified by the Company pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S K of the Exchange Act. Director means a member of the Board. 
 This Policy covers Incentive Compensation received by a person after beginning service as a Covered Executive or Director and who served as a Covered Executive or Director at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Compensation. 
 
 Adopted by CHS Board of Directors September 6, 2023 

4. Recovery Accounting Restatement . 
 In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws (including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period) (an Accounting Restatement ), the Company will recover reasonably promptly any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive or Director during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, including transition periods resulting from a change in the Company s fiscal year as provided in Rule 10D of the Exchange Act. Incentive Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. The determination of the time when the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement shall be made in accordance with applicable SEC and national securities exchange rules and regulations. 
 (a) Definition of Incentive Compensation . 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure (as defined in paragraph (b) below), including, for example, bonuses or awards under the Company s short and long term incentive plans, grants and awards under the Company s equity incentive plans and contributions of such bonuses or awards to the Company s deferred compensation plans or other employee benefit plans that are not tax qualified plans. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive Compensation that is deferred (either mandatorily or voluntarily) under the Company s non qualified deferred compensation plans, as well as any matching amounts and earnings thereon, are subject to this Policy. Incentive Compensation does not include awards that are granted, earned and vested without regard to attainment of financial reporting measures, such as time vesting awards, discretionary awards and awards based wholly on subjective standards, strategic measures or operational measures. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent compensation under any of the following Company plans is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure, it shall constitute Incentive Compensation subject to recovery under this Policy 
 (1) Annual cash incentive awards granted pursuant to either (a) the CHS Annual Variable Pay Plan, as amended, or any successor plans, or (b) any individual cash incentive plans payable to Covered Executives or Directors, 
 Adopted by CHS Board of Directors September 6, 2023 

(2) Annual cash awards earned under the CHS Profit Sharing Plan, and or 
 (3) Cash based performance awards granted pursuant to the CHS Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended, the CHS Executive Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended, or any successor plans, as amended. 
 (b) Financial Reporting Measures . 
 Financial reporting measures are those that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements (including non GAAP financial measures) and any measures derived wholly or in part from such financial measures. For the avoidance of doubt, financial reporting measures include stock price and total shareholder return. A measure need not be presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC to constitute a financial reporting measure for purposes of this Policy. 
 (c) Excess Incentive Compensation Amount Subject to Recovery . 
 The amount(s) to be recovered from the Covered Executive or Director will be the amount(s) by which the Covered Executive s or Director s Incentive Compensation for the relevant period(s) exceeded the amount(s) that the Covered Executive or Director otherwise would have received had such Incentive Compensation been determined based on the restated amounts contained in the Accounting Restatement. All amounts shall be computed without regard to taxes paid. 
 For avoidance of doubt, excess Incentive Compensation includes (i) any excess cash compensation earned by a Covered Executive or Director and (ii) any excess vested or unvested amounts that are deferred (either mandatorily or voluntarily) under the CHS Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan DCP ). 
 For Incentive Compensation based on financial reporting measures such as stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of excess compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the Board will calculate the amount to be reimbursed based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on such financial reporting measure upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. The Company will maintain documentation of that reasonable estimate and will provide such documentation to the applicable national securities exchange. 
 Adopted by CHS Board of Directors September 6, 2023 

(d) Method of Recovery . 
 The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method(s) for recovering reasonably promptly excess Incentive Compensation hereunder. Such methods may include, without limitation 
 (i) requiring reimbursement of Incentive Compensation previously paid 
 (ii) forfeiting any incentive compensation earned but unpaid 
 (iii) forfeiting any Incentive Compensation contribution made under the Company s deferred compensation plans (including the DCP) 
 (iv) offsetting the recovered amount from any compensation or Incentive Compensation that the Covered Executive or Director may earn or be awarded in the future (including, for the avoidance of doubt, recovering amounts earned or awarded in the future to such individual equal to compensation paid or deferred into tax qualified plans or plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (collectively, Exempt Plans provided that, no such recovery will be made from amounts held in any Exempt Plan of the Company) 
 (v) some combination of the foregoing or 
 (vi) taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 
 5. No Indemnification or Advance . 
 Subject to applicable law, the Company shall not indemnify, including by paying or reimbursing for premiums for any insurance policy covering any potential losses, any Covered Executive or Directors against the loss of any erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation, nor shall the Company advance any costs or expenses to any Covered Executive or Directors in connection with any action to recover excess Incentive Compensation. 
 6. Interpretation . 
 The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC or any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 Adopted by CHS Board of Directors September 6, 2023 

7. Effective Date . 
 The effective date of this Policy is December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). This Policy applies to Incentive Compensation received by Covered Executive or Directors on or after the Effective Date that results from attainment of a financial reporting measure based on or derived from financial information for any fiscal period ending on or after the Effective Date. Incentive Compensation received by Covered Executive or Directors prior to the Effective Date remains subject to the Company s Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, dated July 19, 2019, and the Company s Director Performance Based Deferred Compensation Recovery Policy, dated September 6, 2019. In addition, this Policy is intended to be and will be incorporated as an essential term and condition of any Incentive Compensation agreement, plan or program that the Company establishes or maintains on or after the Effective Date. 
 8. Amendment and Termination . 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect changes in regulations adopted by the SEC under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by Nasdaq or any other securities exchange on which the Company s shares are listed in the future. 
 9. Other Recovery Rights . 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement or similar agreement relating to Incentive Compensation entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive or Director to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any (i) other remedies or rights of compensation recovery that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, or similar agreement relating to Incentive Compensation, unless any such agreement expressly prohibits such right of recovery, and (ii) any other legal remedies available to the Company. The provisions of this Policy are in addition to (and not in lieu of) any rights to repayment the Company may have under Section 304 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and other applicable laws. 
 10. Impracticability . 
 The Company shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy, except to the extent that certain conditions are met and the Board has determined that such recovery would be impracticable, all in accordance with Rule 10D of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq or any other securities exchange on which the Company s shares are listed in the future. 
 11. Successors . 
 This Policy shall be binding upon and enforceable against all Covered Executive or Directors and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 Adopted by CHS Board of Directors September 6, 2023 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 chscp-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 chscp-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 chscp-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 chscp-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 chscp-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

