<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241227_10-K_edgar_data_2016167_0001753926-24-002159.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3565575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253225</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>812656</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1058878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>585623</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>762167</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-24-002159.hdr.sgml : 20241227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241227131522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-24-002159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transit Pro Tech Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002016167
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				931692034
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56650
		FILM NUMBER:		241584443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 N BARRANCA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 460
		CITY:			WEST COVINA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6263325398

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 N BARRANCA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 460
		CITY:			WEST COVINA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91706

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-24-002159.txt : 20241227

10-K
 1
 g084614_10-k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or Other Jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 
 Incorporation or
 Organization) 
 
 Identification Number) 

, 

 ,
 California 

 Tel: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes 

There
were shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of December 24, 2024. 

The
aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on March 31, 2024 was - -. There was no trading
market for the Common Stock as of March 31, 2024. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 38 
 
 ITEM 1C 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 38 
 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 39 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 39 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 39 
 
 ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 40 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 44 
 
 ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 44 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 44 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 44 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 45 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 46 
 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 47 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 47 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 49 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 50 
 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and
involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections,
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments
which the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures
(including the amount and nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such
matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in
light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well
as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual results or developments will conform
with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including general economic,
market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and pursued by the Company;
changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company. Investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties,
and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there
can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially
realized, that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company
assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Organizational
History 

Transit
Pro Tech Inc. Transit Pro Delaware or the Company was formed by Weihong Du in June 2023 to engage
in the business of developing, marketing and distributing leading edge software for the detection of faults and other defects
in railroad tracks; the inspection of tunnel walls for stability and providing ancillary monitoring systems related to the safe
operation of railroads and vehicles generally. 

1 

Our
Corporate Structure 

We Transit Pro Delaware are a Delaware corporation formed in June 2023. We have a wholly-owned subsidiary Transit
Pro Tech Ltd. TP Hong Kong ), a limited liability company formed in Hong Kong. TP Hong Kong, in turn, owns Shenzhen
Guantu Technology Co. Limited SGTCL ), which it formed in Shenzhen. References herein to Transit Pro, 
the Company, we, us and words of similar import, unless otherwise indicated, refer collectively
to Transit Pro Delaware, TP Hong Kong and SGCTL. 

The
founding shareholders of Transit Pro Delaware (collectively, the Shareholders ), own all of the outstanding shares of
Shenzhen Beyebe Internet Technology Co. Limited Beyebe in the same proportions as their interests in Transit Pro
Delaware and Mr. Weihong Du, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is Beyebe s executive director and general manager. Beyebe is engaged in developing and marketing computer compliance software
and hardware in the PRC. Beyebe is the owner of all of the outstanding equity of Beyebe AI Technology Inc. Beyebe AI ),
a corporation formed under the laws of the state of California headquartered in Los Angeles. 

As
more fully discussed below, we have entered into a Loan Agreement wherein Beyebe AI has agreed to lend us up to 1,000,000 to
defray our expenses and a License Agreement with Beyebe wherein we have granted Beyebe the right to use and distribute within
China hardware and software incorporating our intellectual property. 

The
following charts show our corporate structure, including the relationships resulting from the Loan Agreement with Beyebe AI and
the License Agreement with Beyebe: 

The
Industry 

According
to the Federal Railroad Administration, the United States has the largest rail network in the world. It is estimated that as of
the end of 2022, the United States had more than 140,000 miles (225,308 kilometers) of rail lines and that its operators had more
than 28,000 locomotives and 1.6 million rail cars. In comparison, according to the Transportation Overview Report of the
Ministry of Transport of China, as of the end of 2022, China had 155,000 kilometers of railways in operation, including 42,000
kilometers of high-speed railways; 22,100 railway locomotives, 77,000 railway passenger cars and 997,000 railway freight cars. 

2 

Sustained
railroad infrastructure investment, adoption of new inspection technologies, the development of better track components, and advances
in inspection and maintenance practices have decreased two of the leading causes of accidents: track and equipment failures. Proactive
maintenance helps keep rail networks safe, improving service and reliability. Class I railroads mainline train accident
rate in the United States decreased 48 from 2000 to 2022. Additionally, the equipment-caused accident rate is down 21 since
2000 and 2022 marked the lowest-ever rate of track-related accidents. 

According
to the Association of American Railroads, from 1980 to 2022, America s privately owned freight railroads spent about 780
billion averaging well over 23 billion per year over the past five years to maintain and improve their networks.
That investment amounts to more than 260,000 spent on average annually per mile of freight rail network. Inspections and maintenance
of tracks and railbeds account for a significant portion of the amounts expended. 

According
to the Yanguan Tianxia Data Center, from 2015 to 2021, the Chinese railway repair and maintenance industry increased from USD8.19
billion to USD15.90 billion. In 2022, the Chinese railway repair and maintenance industry was estimated at approximately USD17.40
billion. 

Track
Inspection 

There
are a variety of methods used to detect flaws in rails ranging from visual inspections to highly sophisticated methods which rely
upon ultrasound, magnetic induction and radiography. The different methods of inspection can be used in a variety of ways, such
as a walking stick or hand pushed trolley, which might be used when a small section of track is to be inspected, for example,
to follow up on an indication uncovered by a rail car or truck. Specially equipped rail inspection cars and trucks referred to
as HiRail trucks are the principal tools used to inspect large volumes of track. Almost all of these trucks exclusively rely upon
ultrasonic testing, though some are capable of performing multiple tests. In addition to testing equipment, these trucks are equipped
with high-speed computers with advanced specialized software used to analyze the results and detect defects. 

There are a number of manufacturers of
road/rail inspection trucks and the Company does not intend to directly compete with these firms with respect to the manufacture,
production and distribution of inspection vehicles. We do not intend to compete in the market for the manufacture or operation
of HiRail trucks. We intend to develop more advanced sophisticated software to analyze the results obtained through the various
methods of track inspection to improve fault detection. Further, as the industry moves to newer or complimentary methods of detecting
faults, the Company intends to seek to develop specialized software to analyze the results of such methods. 

Driver
Management Systems 

In addition to its focus on track maintenance,
the railway industry is seeking to develop other modern technological solutions to improve safety in the operation of trains and
around railroad tracks and rights of way. Further, there are efforts to develop systems to monitor engineers when driving a train
to ensure they remain focused. In addition to developing rail flaw detection software, the Company intends to participate in the
development of software related to ancillary methods of improving rail performance and decreasing accidents. In particular, the
Company intends to develop intelligent video analysis tools to assess a driver s ability to focus in real time and alert
someone at control center if a driver is sleepy, inattentive or otherwise distracted. Such products may also be used in automobiles,
trucks and other vehicles, including airplanes. 

3 

Business
Objectives 

Our
primary goal is to develop a reputation within the United States and in other countries outside of China as a developer of leading-edge
software for the detection of railroad track faults. This will require that we build upon the knowledge base developed by Mr.
Du to develop and then constantly upgrade our software to ensure that it is compatible with the measurements obtained by current
and newly developed hardware. In addition, we must seek to uncover new ways to analyze the information obtained through various
methods of inspection to provide customers with more sophisticated information to enable them to more effectively monitor their
rail lines. 

We believe the knowledge base of Mr. Du
and other members of our management provides us with a sound basis upon which to develop new software for the detection of rail
faults and initially we will rely upon experienced software engineers to develop our systems. By maintaining our headquarters in
the United States, we will have personnel readily available to meet with prospective customers to discuss their needs and coordinate
our efforts to provide the information they are seeking. We believe that by combining the efforts of experienced software engineers
in China and the efforts of our US personnel, we will be able to promptly respond to changes in the industry. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
approach to sales and marketing can be best understood through the concept of customer alignment. The railroad industries in most
countries are dominated by a small number of large governmental and private operators. Further, the markets for rail monitoring
equipment are generally dominated by a few large manufacturers. Initially, we will target our marketing efforts by approaching
both rail operators, including subways, and equipment manufacturers to determine what they believe are the current opportunities
in their countries to improve the information obtained through leading fault detection equipment and design analytical software
to provide such data. Successful positioning requires that we earn a reputation within the United States as a preferred software
supplier by delivering sophisticated analyses with results rail operators can rely upon to reduce accidents from track failures. 

Our
marketing strategy involves developing long-term working relationships with customers. These relationships enable us to develop
barriers to entry to competitors by establishing and maintaining advanced quality approvals, certifications and tooling investments
that are difficult and expensive to duplicate. 

Many
owners and operators of railroads, and the manufacturers and users of fault detection equipment, are large well-financed enterprises
that seek out new products and services beyond their own country. Consequently, many trade shows attract participants from various
countries. Although our initial marketing efforts primarily will be directed at potential customers in the United States and Canada,
we will also explore opportunities to market our products and services to potential customers outside of the United States. 

We
do not intend for the foreseeable future to actively market our products and services to railway operators in the PRC and no monies
invested in Transit Pro Delaware will be devoted to marketing activities in the PRC. Our management believes that because of the
economic tensions between the United States and the PRC, Chinese officials responsible for railway construction and maintenance
will be reluctant to rely upon technologies owned by a US entity. For that reason, much of our intellectual property, including
patents filed in the United States, will be owned by TP Hong Kong. Because Hong Kong is now subject to the domination and control
of the government of the PRC, to the extent our intellectual property is owned by a Hong Kong entity, it will be subject to many
of the legal and operational risks associated with doing business within the PRC. For a more complete discussion of these issues,
see the Risk Factors under the subheading Risks Associated with Business Operations in China in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Because
we do not intend to devote resources invested in Transit Pro Delaware to sales and marketing in the Chinese market, we have entered
into a license agreement with Beyebe granting it the right for agreed upon fees to use and distribute within China hardware and
software incorporating our intellectual property. To sell products and services into the Chinese railway industry, a vendor must
be an entity organized and operating in the PRC, with previous experience in the industry. In addition, the vendor must have various
ISO certifications, including ISO9001:2015 quality management certification, ISO14001:2015 environmental standard certification
and ISO45001:2018 health standard certification and five-star after-sales certification. We believe that Beyebe has the qualifications
required to market our driver management and rail flaw detection systems in China. Because Beyebe is owned by the initial shareholders
of Transit Pro Delaware, conflicts of interest are inherent in any transaction between Transit Pro Delaware and Beyebe and its
subsidiary, Beyebe AI. 

4 

Intellectual
Property 

Although certain of the software applications
and pioneering methods we develop in the future will be eligible for patent and trademark protection, the costs of maintaining
and enforcing such intellectual property rights may not afford us a competitive advantage. Nevertheless, we will seek to obtain
patents on certain of our software applications and to also rely on maintaining the secrecy of our proprietary information to obtain
a competitive advantage. To date, we have filed in the USPTO various patent applications and provisional applications with respect
to inventions regarding the detection of rail faults and driver behavior analysis. 

Competition 

The
markets for sophisticated software for the detection of rail faults and the development of driver, passenger and other ancillary
safety systems are highly competitive and characterized by rapid change. In the United States we will be competing against large
well capitalized companies with extensive experience and relationships within the railroad industry, including well known software
companies. In addition, there are few barriers to entry with respect to the development of analytical software systems, including
those which rely upon AI, and given the enormity of the railroad industries, these markets continually attract new competitors.
The success of our software will be contingent upon our ability to provide superior solutions and a strong value proposition for
all potential customers. 

Many
existing competitors are well-established, enjoy greater resources or other strategic advantages and are more familiar with the
rail fault detection industry in the US than are we. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect
the competitive environment to be and remain intense. Many of our current competitors enjoy greater resources, recognition, deeper
customer relationships, larger existing customer bases, and more mature intellectual property portfolios than we do currently. 

In the field of track inspection, our competitors
include the American company Sperry Rail Service which produces and sells rail flaw detection vehicles and provides inspection
services. More than 70 of railways in North America and Mexico are served by Sperry. Moreover, Sperry owns the data generated
by the inspections performed for certain of its clients, which may make such clients reluctant to engage us. Additional US competitors
include RailPros, Railworks American, Track and Applied Technical Services In addition to our US based competitors, we will face
competition from such international companies as Hexagon AB, based in the UK, Avigilon, a Canadian subsidiary of Motorola Solutions,
and Streamax Technology Co., Ltd. and Zhengzhou Thinkfreely Hi-Tech Co., Ltd., Chinese public companies that focus on driver monitoring, 

Government
Regulations 

The
operation and maintenance of railroads are subject to extensive regulation in every country. In the United States, the leading
regulator is the Federal Railroad Administration, a division of the US Department of Transportation. With respect to track maintenance
and fault detection, there are regulations that govern how often tracks must be inspected and the methods (for example, direct
viewing, ultrasound, radiography and magnetic induction) which may be used. Although our operations may not be directly subject
to such regulations, we will have to design our software and other products to ensure that when a customer uses one of our solutions,
they will be in compliance with all applicable regulations. 

In
addition to regulations pertaining to participants in the railway industry, we will be subject to regulations pertaining to the
use of any software we develop. Governments have adopted various regulations regarding the security of information technology,
in particular as it pertains to the privacy of personal data. Nevertheless, railroads are a part of the critical infrastructure
in many countries and the governments in such countries have or should be expected to adopt regulations with respect to the need
to maintain the security of information which could be used to sabotage railroads. Further, the condition of railways, the likelihood
of an accident and an owner s response to potential flaws, are highly confidential proprietary information. Our customers
will need to know that any information developed with respect to their systems will not be accessible or given to third parties. 

5 

We
also will be subject to numerous regulations applicable to businesses generally, including regulations relating to working conditions,
employee compensation and the maintenance of welfare plans. 

Properties 

We
currently maintain an office at 100N Barranca Street, Suite 460, West Covina, CA 91791 at a cost of 3,985 per month pursuant
to a lease which terminates on June 30, 2025. Many of our employees operate remotely and we do not envision having to devote a
significant amount of resources to providing offices to our personnel. 

Employees 

As of December 26, 2024, we had 8 employees
devoting full-time services to the Company. Of these, three are engaged in research and development, three are in management, and
two are in finance. We believe that our relationships with our employees and consultants are good. 

Mr.
Weihong Du, our chief executive officer, Coco Li, our Chief Accountant, Dr. Fan Jiang, a Vice President, and Mr. Hong Hu, a director,
all reside in the United States. Six of our employees, including those engaged in research and development, primarily software
development to support our operations in the US, are engaged by our Chinese subsidiary and are based in Shenzhen. None of our
employees engage in sales and marketing activities in China on our behalf though certain members of our management are involved
in the operations of Beyebe and Beyebe AI. 

Operations
in China 

General 

Our primary focus is to develop our business
in the United States and Canada, and thereafter, in other parts of the world outside of the PRC. This focus is, in part, a consequence
of decisions made by Mr. Weihong Du and other members of our management to reside in the United States and their belief that markets
outside of China are more rewarding to successful entrepreneurs. Nevertheless, because our management is only now developing meaningful
business contacts and relationships in the US, they have chosen to form a subsidiary in the PRC to engage software engineers and
developers to initiate development of our technologies and software. It is our expectation that over time, more of this work will
be performed by individuals in the US. 

Because
portions of our operations are currently conducted in China, we are subject to legal and operational risks of doing business in
China including risks related to the legal, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relationship between
China and the United States, and applicable regulations in China and the United States, which could result in a material change
in our business. These risks include the possibility that Chinese authorities will deem Transit Pro Delaware to be a resident
enterprise subject to income and other taxes in China and required to comply with regulations implemented by the CSRC on
the sale of our securities to investors outside of China. Certain of these considerations are discussed below and in Risk
Factors contained elsewhere herein. 

6 

PRC
Government Regulations 

Foreign
Investment in Businesses Providing Services to the Railway Industry 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress adopted the Foreign Investment Law, or new FIL which became effective on
January 1, 2020, and replaced the previous foreign investment laws. On December 26, 2019, the State Counsel of PRC issued Regulation
on the Implementation of the Foreign Investment Law of PRC, or Implementation of new FIL, effective on January 1, 2020. The new
FIL sets forth definitions and guiding principles vis- -vis foreign investment. It defines foreign investors 
as any natural person, enterprise, or other organization of a foreign country and foreign-invested enterprises 
as any enterprise established under Chinese law that is wholly or partially invested by foreign investors. The new FIL further
defines foreign investment as any foreign investor s direct or indirect investment in mainland China, including
(a) establishing FIEs either individually or jointly with other investors; (b) acquiring shares, equity, property shares, other
similar rights and interests in Chinese domestic enterprises; (c) investing in new projects either individually or jointly with
other investors; and (d) making investments through other means provided by laws, administrative regulations, or the State Council.
In addition, pursuant to the FIL, existing foreign invested enterprises established prior to the effective date of the FIL Law
must, within five years of the effective date of the FIL, change their organizations forms, organizational structures,
and their activities to comply with the PRC Company Law, the Partnership Enterprise Law and other laws In addition, the government
divided industries within China into those accorded pre-establishment national treatment and those placed on a negative 
list. National treatment of an industry means foreign investment will be treated no less favorably than domestic investment during
the investment access stage unless the company or industry is on the negative list. If an industry is on the negative list, companies
seeking to raise capital to participate in such industry must comply with special administrative measures for foreign investment
access. The negative list is determined by and published by the State Council, which may add or delete industries from the list
at any time. The new FIL also sets out a list of policy measures for promoting foreign investment, such as equal treatment of
foreign and domestic investors with respect to the application of business development policies, formulation of standards and
application of compulsory standards, and government procurement. Furthermore, the new FIL lists protective measures and regulating
provisions for foreign investment. For example, in general foreign investors investments are not subject to government
expropriation; forced technology transfer by administrative measures will be prohibited; the laws including the Company Law and
the Partnership Enterprise will govern FIEs organizational forms, institutional frameworks and standard of conduct. The
new FIL sets forth certain legal responsibilities of foreign investors. For example, if a foreign investor invests in a prohibited
industry, it will be ordered to cease investment activities, restore the conditions that existed prior to its investment and business
activities by, for instance, disposing of its shares or assets, and forfeiting any illegal proceeds or profits. 

On
June 23, 2020, the NDRC and the MOFCOM jointly issued the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment
(2020 Edition) (the Negative List ), which came into force on July 23, 2020. In December 2021, the MOFCOM and
the NDRC promulgated the Special Administrative Measures for Foreign Investment Access (2021 Version) , which became effective
on January 1, 2022. The 2021 version of the Negative List replaced the 2020 version of the Negative list. Foreign investors are
not allowed to invest in certain industries specified in the negative list. As to those industries on the Negative List in which
foreign investors can invest, the investors must comply with special equity management requirements, senior management requirements
and other restrictive access measures. The Negative List provides that sectors that are not specified in the Negative List shall
be subject to administration under the principle of treating domestic investments and foreign investments equally. The NDRC and
the MOFCOM jointly also issued the Industrial Catalogue to Encourage Foreign Investment, or the Encourage Catalogue, which sets
forth the industries and economic activities in China that foreign investors are encouraged to engage in. According to the Encouraged
Catalogue amended on June 30, 2019 and subsequently amended on October 26, 2022, which became effective on January 1, 2023, the
provision of business services to the railway industry is on the Negative List. 

Taxation 

PRC
Enterprise Income Tax 

The
PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on the taxable income determined under PRC laws and accounting standards. The PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law imposes a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25 on all domestic enterprises, including foreign-invested
enterprises unless they qualify for certain exceptions, and terminates most of the tax exemptions, reductions and preferential
treatments available under previous tax laws and regulations. 

Moreover,
under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, enterprises organized under the laws of jurisdictions outside China with their de
facto management bodies located within China may be considered PRC resident enterprises and therefore subject to PRC enterprise
income tax at the rate of 25 on their worldwide income. The Implementation Rules define the term de facto management body 
as the management body that exercises full and substantial control and overall management over the business, productions, personnel,
accounts and properties of an enterprise. In addition, the Circular Related to Relevant Issues on the Identification of a Chinese
holding Company Incorporated Overseas as a Residential Enterprise under the Criterion of De Facto Management Bodies Recognizing
issued by the State Administration of Taxation (Circular 82) on April 22, 2009 provides that a foreign enterprise controlled by
a PRC company or a PRC company group will be classified as a resident enterprise with its de facto management
bodies located within China if the following requirements are satisfied: (i) the senior management and core management
departments in charge of its daily operations function mainly in China; (ii) its financial and human resources decisions are subject
to determination or approval by persons or bodies in China; (iii) its major assets, accounting books, company seals and minutes
and files of its board and shareholders meetings are located or kept in China; and (iv) at least half of the enterprise s
directors or senior management with voting rights reside in China. Although the circular only applies to offshore enterprises
controlled by PRC enterprises and not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determining criteria set forth in
the circular may reflect the State Administration of Taxation s general position on how the de facto management body 
test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled
by PRC enterprises, individuals or foreigners. 

7 

PRC
VAT and Business Tax 

Pursuant
to the Interim Regulation of the People s Republic of China on Value-Added Tax (the VAT Regulation and its
implementation rules, any entity or individual engaged in the sales of goods, provision of specified services and importation
of goods into China is generally required to pay a VAT, at the rate of 17 of the gross sales proceeds received, less any deductible
VAT already paid or borne by such entity. 

Previously,
pursuant to the PRC Provisional Regulations on Business Tax, which was eliminated on November 9, 2017, taxpayers falling under
the category of service industry in China were required to pay a business tax at a normal tax rate of 5 of their revenues. In
November 2011, the MOF and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated the Pilot Plan for Imposition of Value-Added Tax to
Replace Business Tax. Pursuant to this plan and relevant notices, from January 1, 2012, the value-added tax has replaced the business
tax in the transport and shipping industry and some modern service industries in certain pilot regions. A VAT rate of 6 applies
to revenue derived from the provision of some services. 

On
December 12, 2013, the MOF and SAT issued the Notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on Including
the Railway Transportation and Postal Industries in the Pilot Program of Replacing Business Tax with Value-Added Tax (2013 Amendment),
which was most recently amended in May 2016, along with Pilot Implemental Rules of Replacing Business Tax with VAT, which was
effective on January 1, 2014 and was most recently revised on March 23, 2016 Pilot Rules ). Pursuant to the Pilot
Rules, entities and individuals who provide service in transportation, postal and other modern service industries, shall be obligated
to pay VAT. Taxpayers who provide taxable service shall pay VAT instead of the Business Tax. The tax rate for provision of modern
service industry (exclusive of leasing of tangible chattel) is 6 . 

In
March 2016, the MOF and the SAT jointly issued the Circular on the Pilot Program for Overall Implementation of the Collection
of Value Added Tax Instead of Business Tax, or Circular 36, which took effect in May 2016. Pursuant to Circular 36, companies
operating in construction, real estate, finance, modern service or other sectors which were required to pay business tax are required
to pay VAT, in lieu of business tax. In November 2017, PRC State Counsel issued the amendment to Interim Regulations of PRC Value
Added Taxes, or the VAT Regulation, pursuant to which entities and individuals that sell goods or labor services of processing,
repair or replacement, sell services, intangible assets, or immovables, or import goods within the territory of the PRC are taxpayers
of VAT, and shall pay VAT. The tax rate for VAT shall be, among others, (1) 17 for taxpayers engaged in the sale of goods, services,
lease of tangible movables or importation of goods, unless otherwise stipulated in VAT Regulations; (2) 11 for taxpayers engaged
in sale of transportation, postal, basic telecommunications, construction, lease of immovables, sale of immovables, transfer of
land use rights, sale or importation of certain types of goods; (3) 6 for taxpayers engaged in sale of services and intangible
assets, unless otherwise stipulated in VAT Regulation. Pursuant to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration
of Taxation on Adjusting Value-added Tax Rates promulgated on April 4, 2018 and effective on May 1, 2018, by the Ministry of Finance
and State Administration of Taxation, where a taxpayer engages in a taxable sales activity for the value-added tax purpose or
imports goods, the previous applicable 17 and 11 tax rates are adjusted to 16 and 10 , respectively. Pursuant to Announcement
on Policies for Deepening the VAT Reform issued by the PRC Ministry of Finance, PRC State Taxation Administration and the General
Administration of Customs on May 20, 2019 and effective on April 1, 2019, the previous rate of 16 or 10 are adjusted to be 13 
or 9 , respectively, for taxpayer s general sale activities or imports. 

8 

Dividend
Distribution 

The
principal regulations governing dividend distributions of wholly foreign-owned enterprises include the Company Law (2023 Revision)
which will take effect on July 1, 2024; the Foreign Investment Law: and the Regulations on the Implementation of Foreign Investment
Law. 

Under
these regulations, wholly foreign-owned enterprises in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits as determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our wholly foreign-owned enterprises is required
to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until
the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. 

Dividend
Withholding Tax 

Pursuant
to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and the Implementation Rules, dividends generated after January 1, 2008 and payable by a
foreign-invested enterprise in China to its foreign investors are subject to a 10 withholding tax, unless any such foreign investor s
jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. There is no such
arrangement between the United States and China. 

Regulations
on Overseas Listing 

On
December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing
by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Administration Provisions ), and the Provisions of the State Council
on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Measures ). 

The
Administration Provisions and Measures for overseas listings lay out requirements for filing documents and include unified regulation
management, strengthening regulatory coordination, and cross-border regulatory cooperation for those entities deemed to be subject
to the regulations. Domestic companies seeking to list abroad must carry out relevant security screening procedures if their businesses
are subject to such supervision. Companies critical to national security are among those off-limits for overseas listings. 

In
August 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies jointly adopted the Provisions on the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises
by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rule. As amended in 2009, this rule requires that if an overseas company established or controlled
by PRC domestic companies or citizens intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC domestic company affiliated
with the PRC domestic companies or citizens, such acquisition must be submitted to the Ministry of Commerce, rather than local
regulators, for approval. In addition, this regulation requires that an overseas company controlled directly or indirectly by
PRC companies or citizens and holding equity interests of PRC domestic companies needs to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior
to listing its securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

While
the application of the M A Rule remains unclear, based on our understanding of current PRC laws, regulations, and the Provisions
on Indirect Issuance of Securities Overseas by a Domestic Enterprise or Overseas Listing of Its Securities for Trading announced
by the CSRC on September 21, 2006 (effective the same day), we believe it is not applicable to us since we are not an overseas
company controlled by PRC domestic companies or natural persons as the majority of our shares are held by individuals located
outside of the PRC and a majority of our management is comprised of individuals who reside outside of China, even though they
remain citizens of the PRC. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines. The new regulations require PRC companies
that are listed or in the process of being listed on foreign exchanges PRC Companies to make certain filings with
the CSRC. The new regulations authorize the CSRC to review such fillings, penalize relevant PRC Companies or people in charge,
or report to overseas securities regulatory institutions in case of violation of the Trial Measures, in order to ensure PRC Companies
are in compliance with PRC regulations and policies. The new regulations became effective on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures
clarify the criteria for determining whether a listing by a company incorporated outside of China constitutes an indirect overseas
listing in an overseas market. An offering and listing by an overseas company will be deemed
an indirect offering by a China-based company: if (i) more than 50 of the overseas company s consolidated revenues, profit,
total assets or net assets as indicated by its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recently completed fiscal
year are attributable to PRC domestic companies, and (ii) one of (a) key components of its operations are carried out in Mainland
China; (b) its principal places of business are located in Mainland China; or (c) the majority of the senior management members
in charge of operations are Mainland China citizens or residents, is true. The determination is made on the basis of a substance
over form review. 

9 

On
May 7, 2024, the CSRC issued the Regulatory Rules Application Guidelines, Category 7 for Overseas Issuance and Listing:
Regulatory Requirements for Domestic Enterprises Transferring from Overseas OTC Markets to Overseas Stock Exchanges for Overseas
Issuance and Listing. The Regulatory Rules were intended to clarify certain issues related to a PRC domestic company s
obligation to file with the CSRC in connection with its listing on an overseas OTC market or an overseas stock exchange. In particular,
the CSRC stated that the phrase overseas issuance and listing refers to activities related to issuing and listing
on an overseas stock exchange and the listing of a PRC domestic company on an overseas OTC market does not fall within the scope
of activities requiring a filing with the CSRC. Further, the CSRC stated that a PRC domestic company transferring to an overseas
stock exchange for listing from an overseas OTC market should file with the CSRC within three working days after submitting the
application documents for listing on the overseas exchange in accordance with the relevant requirements for an initial public
offering and listing on an overseas stock exchange and, according to the Notice on Filing Management Arrangements for Domestic
Enterprises Overseas Issuance and Listing, As a result of the May 7 th issuance of the Regulatory Rules,
we have determined until such time as we seek to be listed on a stock exchange outside of China, we are not required to submit
filings to the CSRC in connection with an offering of shares of our securities. 

Failure
to file as required could subject us or our controlling stockholders to fines and penalties, which may be significant. Based on
the fact that our management is located in the United States and a majority of our shares are held by individuals who reside in
the United States, we believe that we are not an issuer that is required to make a filing with the CSRC, and do not intend to
do so if we conduct an offering of our securities. If it is determined that CSRC approval was required for an offering of our
securities, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies for failure to seek CSRC approval for such offering.
These sanctions may include fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC, delays or restrictions on the repatriation into
the PRC of the proceeds from an offering, restrictions on or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by our PRC
subsidiaries, or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
reputation and prospects, as well as the trading price of our securities. If we determine to raise funds in a public offering
and cause our securities to be listed on a stock exchange, we will need to determine whether a filing with the CSRC is required
in order for us to complete the offering based on the facts and circumstances at that time. 

Labor
Laws and Social Insurance 

Pursuant
to the PRC Labor Law, which first took effect on January 1, 1995 and was amended on December 29, 2019, a written labor contract
is required when an employment relationship is established between an employer and an employee. On June 29, 2007, the Standing
Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, promulgated the Labor Contract Law, as amended effective as of
July 1, 2013, which formalizes employees rights concerning employment contracts, overtime hours, layoffs and the role of
trade unions and provides for specific standards and procedures for the termination of an employment contract. In addition, the
Labor Contract Law requires the payment of a statutory severance payment upon the termination of an employment contract in most
cases, including in cases of the expiration of a fixed-term employment contract. In addition, under the Regulations on Paid Annual
Leave for Employees and its implementation rules, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and on September 18, 2008 respectively,
employees are entitled to a paid vacation ranging from 5 to 15 days, depending on their length of service and to enjoy compensation
of three times their regular salaries for each such vacation day in case such vacation days are deprived by employers, unless
the employees waive such vacation days in writing. Although we are currently in compliance with the relevant legal requirements
for terminating employment contracts with employees in our business operation, in the event that we decide to lay off a large
number of employees or otherwise change its employment or labor practices, provisions of the Labor Contract Law may limit its
ability to effect these changes in a manner that we believe to be cost-effective or desirable, which could adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

10 

Enterprises
in China are required by PRC laws and regulations to participate in certain employee benefit plans, including social insurance
funds, namely a pension plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan,
a maternity insurance plan and a housing provident fund, and contribute to the plans or funds in amounts equal to certain percentages
of salaries, including bonuses and allowances, of the employees as specified by the local government from time to time at locations
where they operate their businesses or where they are located. According to the Social Insurance Law, absent extraordinary causes,
employers must not suspend or reduce their payment of social insurance for employees. Failure to timely pay required contributions
will subject the employer to a late fee of 0.05 per day of the amount overdue from the original due date as determined by the
relevant authority. If the employer fails to rectify the failure to make social insurance contributions within an agreed upon
deadline, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three times the amount overdue. According to Regulations on Management
of Housing Fund, employers must not suspend or reduce the payment of house provident funds for their employees. Under the circumstances
where financial difficulties do exist due to which an employer is unable to pay or pay up house provident funds, permission of
labor union of the employer and approval of the local house provident funds commission must first be obtained before the employer
can suspend or reduce their payment of house provident funds. An enterprise that fails to make housing fund contributions may
be ordered to rectify the noncompliance and pay the required contributions within a stipulated deadline; otherwise, a fine of
over RMB 10,000 and up to RMB 50,000 may be imposed on the employer, and an application may be made to a local court for compulsory
enforcement. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange 

Foreign
currency exchange regulation in the PRC is primarily governed by the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign Exchange, revised
by the State Council on August 5, 2008, Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Policies of Foreign Exchange Administration
Regarding Direct Investment issued by SAFE on February 13, 2015, and the Provisions on the Administration of Settlement, Sale
and Payment of Foreign Exchange promulgated by People s Bank of China on June 20, 1996. Currently, RMB is convertible for
current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange
transactions. Conversion of RMB for most capital account items, such as direct investment, security investment and repatriation
of investment, however, is still subject to registration with SAFE. Foreign-invested enterprises may buy, sell and remit foreign
currencies at financial institutions engaged in foreign currency settlement and sale after providing valid commercial documents
and, in the case of most capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from SAFE. Capital investments by foreign enterprises
are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the NDRC, the Ministry of Construction, and registration with SAFE. 

In
August 2008, SAFE issued the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of Payment
and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular No. 142, regulating the conversion
by a foreign invested enterprise of foreign currency-registered capital into RMB by restricting how the converted RMB may be used.
Pursuant to SAFE Circular No. 142, RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise
may only be used for purposes within the business scope approved by the applicable government authority and may not be used for
equity investments within the PRC. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of RMB capital converted from
foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises. The use of such RMB capital may not be changed without SAFE s
approval, and such RMB capital may not in any case be used to repay RMB-denominated loans if the proceeds of such loans have not
been used. Furthermore, on March 30, 2015, SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming the Administration Approach Regarding the Foreign
Exchange Capital Settlement of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular No. 19, which became effective on June 1, 2015,
and replaced Circular 142. SAFE Circular No. 19 provides that, the conversion from foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested
enterprises into Renminbi capital may be at foreign-invested enterprises discretion, which means that the foreign currency
registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises for which the rights and interests of monetary contribution has been confirmed
by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry of monetary contribution has been registered) can be settled at the banks
based on the actual operational needs of the enterprises. However, SAFE Circular No. 19 does not materially change the restrictions
on the use of foreign currency registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises. For instance, it still prohibits foreign-invested
enterprises from, among other things, spending RMB capital converted from foreign currency registered capital on expenditures
beyond their business scope. 

11 

The
Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment issued by SAFE
on November 19, 2012, and amended May 4, 2015, substantially amends and simplifies the foreign exchange procedure. Pursuant to
this circular, the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts (e.g. pre-establishment expense accounts, foreign
exchange capital accounts, guarantee accounts), the reinvestment of lawful incomes derived by foreign investors in the PRC (e.g.
profits, proceeds of equity transfer, capital reduction, liquidation and early repatriation of investment), and purchase and remittance
of foreign exchange as a result of capital reduction, liquidation, early repatriation or share transfer in a foreign-invested
enterprise no longer require SAFE s approval, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity now may be opened in different
provinces. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration
over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents in May 2013, which specifies that the administration
by SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC must be conducted by way of registration
and banks shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the registration information
provided by SAFE and its branches. 

On
February 13, 2015, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Simplification and Improvement of Foreign Currency Administration
Policies on Direct Investment, which became effective on June 1, 2015. This circular aims to further remove or simplify the approval
requirements of SAFE upon the direct investment by foreign investors. 

The
regulation of foreign currency exchange in the PRC is intended, among other things, to reduce the outflow of capital from the
PRC. If we seek to transfer dividends from our entities within the PRC to TP Hong Kong and then from TP Hong Kong to Transit Pro
Delaware, such transfers will be subject to regulations imposed by the PRC and Hong Kong. For further discussion of the regulations
and risks associated with the transfer of funds from our subsidiaries located in the PRC and Hong Kong see the risk factor The
transfer of funds between Transit Pro Delaware and our subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong is subject to restriction. The transfer
of funds by Beyebe to Beyebe AI for purposes of making a loan to us is subject to restriction 

Regulations
Relating to Internet Information Security and Privacy Protection 

Information
available on the internet in China is regulated from a national security standpoint. The National People s Congress, or
the NPC, enacted the Decisions on Preserving Internet Security in December 2000, amended in August 2009, which subject violators
to potential criminal punishment for any attempt to: (i) gain improper entry into a computer or system of strategic importance;
(ii) disseminate politically disruptive information; (iii) leak state secrets; (iv) spread false commercial information; or (v)
infringe intellectual property rights. The Ministry of Public Security of the PRC, or the MPS, has promulgated measures that prohibit
use of the internet in ways which, among other things, result in a leak of state secrets or spread of socially destabilizing content.
If an internet information service provider violates these measures, the MPS and its local branches may revoke its operating license
and shut its websites. 

The
Standing Committee of the NPC, Congress passed the Cybersecurity Law (the CSL in November 2016, which took effect
in June 2017. The CSL is the first Chinese law that systematically lays out regulatory requirements for cybersecurity and data
protection, and any individual or organization using the network must comply with the PRC constitution, applicable laws, follow
the public order and respect social moralities, and must not endanger cyber security, or use the network to engage in activities
that endanger the national security, honor and interests, or infringe on the fame, privacy, intellectual property and other legitimate
rights and interests of others. Network is broadly defined and includes, but is not limited to, the Internet. The legal consequences
of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related businesses, winding
up for rectification, shutting down the websites, and revocation of business licenses or relevant permits. 

On
July 10, 2021, CAC and other ministries and commissions jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into
effect on February 15, 2022, to restate and expand the scope of the cybersecurity review. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review
Measures, Critical Information Infrastructure Operators CIIO that intend to purchase internet products and services
and online platform operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security must be subject
to cybersecurity review. Cybersecurity Review Measures further stipulate that if a network platform operator possesses the personal
information of more than one million users and intends to list in a foreign country, it shall apply to CAC for cybersecurity review.
Because our PRC subsidiaries do not deal with the public and do not possess personal data of at least 1,000,000 users, we do not
believe that we are required to apply for review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. In the event that, in the future, we possess
such data or if the requirements for review are changed, we may be required to obtain such approval, the failure of which could
affect our ability to conduct a public offering of our securities or have our shares listed on an electronic trading system or
stock exchange. 

12 

PRC
Civil Code passed by China s National People s Congress on May 22, 2020, effective on January 1, 2021, also stipulates
that personal information of a natural person shall be protected by law. The Data Security Law of the PRC was published on June
10, 2021, by the National People s Congress and came into effect on September 1, 2021. However, the relationship between
the Data Security Law of the PRC and the implemented National Security Law of the PRC, the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, PRC
Civil Code, the Confidentiality Law of the PRC and the ongoing Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC needs to be clarified. 

Regulations
on Stock Incentive Plans 

On
December 25, 2006, the People s Bank of China promulgated the Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals,
setting forth requirements for foreign exchange transactions by individuals (both PRC or non-PRC citizens) under either the current
account or the capital account. Additionally, individuals shall not evade foreign exchange supervision by partitioning the intended
amount of foreign exchange into separate transactions. 

On
February 15, 2012, SAFE issued the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed Company, or the Stock Incentive Plan Rules. The purpose of the Stock Incentive
Plan Rules is to regulate foreign exchange administration of PRC domestic individuals who participate in employee stock holding
plans and stock option plans of overseas listed companies. Under the Stock Option Notice, domestic individuals who participate
in equity incentive plans of an overseas listed company are required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiary of such listed company,
to register with SAFE and complete certain other bank and reporting procedures. The Stock Option Notice simplifies the requirements
and procedures for the registration of stock incentive plan participants, especially in respect of the required application documents
and the absence of strict requirements on offshore and onshore custodian banks. According to the Stock Incentive Plan Rules, if
PRC domestic individuals (both PRC residents and non-PRC residents who reside in China for a continuous period of
not less than one year, excluding the foreign diplomatic personnel and representatives of international organizations)participate
in any stock incentive plan of an overseas listed company, a PRC domestic qualified agent, which could be the PRC subsidiary of
such overseas listed company, shall, among others things, file, on behalf of such individual, an application with SAFE to conduct
the SAFE registration with respect to such stock incentive plan, and obtain approval for an annual allowance with respect to the
purchase of foreign exchange in connection with stock holding or stock option exercises. In addition, the Circular on Relevant
Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment
Through Special Purpose Vehicles promulgated by SAFE in July 2014 (SAFE Circular No. 37) also provides certain requirements and
procedures for foreign exchange registration in relation to an equity incentive plan of a special purpose vehicle before listing.
In this regard, if a non-listed special purpose vehicle grants equity incentives to its directors, supervisors, senior officers
and employees in its domestic subsidiaries, the relevant domestic individual residents may register with SAFE before exercising
their rights. 

The
Stock Incentive Plan Rules and SAFE Circular 37 were promulgated only recently and many issues require further interpretation.
Although we do not believe that we are subject to these rules, we cannot assure you that SAFE will not come to a different conclusion.
If we are subject to these rules and we or our PRC employees fail to comply with the Stock Incentive Plan Rules, we and our PRC
employees may be subject to fines and other legal sanctions. In addition, the General Administration of Taxation has issued several
circulars concerning employee stock options, and, under these circulars, our employees working in China who exercise stock options
would be subject to PRC individual income tax. Our PRC subsidiary would have obligations to file documents related to employee
stock options with relevant tax authorities and withhold individual income taxes of those employees who exercise their stock options.
If our employees fail to pay and we fail to withhold their income taxes, we may face sanctions imposed by tax authorities or other
PRC government authorities. 

13 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Report. These
risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing our business. Some of these risks and uncertainties relate principally to
our business, the industry in which we operate or to the securities markets generally and ownership of our securities specifically.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our
business. If any of the conditions described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results
of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock, if and when a market for our common stock
develops, could decline, and an investor in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Investing
in or maintaining an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described
below as well as other information in this registration statement before deciding to invest in our securities. Our business faces
significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us
or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
You should consider our business and prospects in light of the challenges we face, including the ones discussed in this section. 

Risks
Related to Our Operations 

We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our performance and assess our prospects for future success. 

We
were formed on June 1 st , 2023, and have a limited operating history on which to evaluate our prospects. We have not
generated any revenues and anticipate that we will not generate significant revenues in the immediate future. The amounts of future
losses we will incur and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations are uncertain. 

Our
registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit
report. 

Because
we have yet to generate any revenues, have incurred operating losses to date, have limited resources and expect to continue to
incur losses for the immediate future, our registered public accounting firm in its audit report expressed substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued operation is dependent on our ability to raise sufficient funds to finance
our activities. until such time, if ever, we begin to generate positive cash flow. Our financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue its business. 

We
expect losses in the future because we have no revenue. 

We
are expecting losses over the next 12 months because we do not yet have any revenues to offset the expenses associated with our
operations. We recognize that if we are unable to generate revenues, we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations.
There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors
with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. 

14 

We
will need to secure financing in the future and our ability to secure future financing is uncertain. 

We
lack the capital necessary to conduct our operations and will need to secure financing to achieve our business plan. We may seek
funding through public or private financings, collaborative arrangements, debt or other arrangements with third parties. If adequate
funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more segments of our business operations
or curtail our business operations in their entirety. The issuance of equity may result in dilution to the holders of our outstanding
shares of capital stock. Debt financing may include conditions that would restrict our freedom to operate our business, such as
conditions that: 

limit our ability
 to pay dividends or require us to seek consent for the payment of dividends; 

increase our vulnerability
 to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require us to dedicate
 a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to
 fund capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit our flexibility
 in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

We
are highly leveraged and we may need additional financing. 

We have funded
our operations to date through loans from a related party, Beyebe AI Technology Inc. a California corporation Beyebe AI which is a subsidiary of Beyebe and thus, controlled by Mr. Du. Consequently, as September 30, 2024, we had a shareholders 
deficit in excess of 1.1 million and the amount of our deficit has increased from such date. Although Beyebe AI has indicated
that it will provide loans of up to 1,000,000, there is no guarantee that it will do so or that it or any other related party
will provide funds in excess of such amount if needed to continue operations. 

If
we are not able to pay or refinance the outstanding principal and accrued interest on our loans when due, our operations may be
materially and adversely affected. We may need to offer the holders of our debt increases in the rates of interest they receive
or otherwise compensate them through payments of cash or issuances of our equity securities or securities convertible into our
equity or modification of our loan agreements to provide additional compensation. Future financings or re-financings may involve
the issuance of additional debt, equity and securities convertible into or exercisable for our equity securities. If we are unable
to consummate such financings or re-financings, our operations may be adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock
could be adversely affected and the terms of such financings may adversely affect the interests of our existing stockholders.
Any failure to obtain additional working capital when required would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial
condition and may result in a decline in the price of our common stock. If we are not able to fund ongoing losses through funds
provided by third parties or our stockholders, we may become insolvent and cease operations. 

We
are subject to the risks frequently experienced by early-stage companies . 

The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the risks frequently encountered by early-stage companies, especially
those formed to develop and market new technologies. These risks include our potential inability to: 

establish and maintain
 markets for our services and products; 

identify, attract,
 retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

continue to develop
 and upgrade our technologies to keep pace with changes in technology and regulations in the track maintenance industry; 

develop strategic
 relationships and partnerships; 

develop a positive
 reputation, attract customers and build trust with customers; 

scale up to larger
 operations on a consistent basis; and 

15 

sufficiently fund
 the capital expenditures required to scale up from small initial operations to larger operations. 

We
have engaged in limited product development activities and our product development efforts may not result in commercial products. 

We
have only recently begun to develop the software comprising our products and have not yet completed the development of any product
or attracted any customers. Further, we have not determined how we will charge clients for our products and may charge clients
under various business models, for example, by charging a subscription for our software as a service, subscription and license
based revenue mode There is no assurance that any of the products we develop will gain market acceptance. We cannot guarantee
we will be able to produce commercially successful products or develop a pricing model which we be acceptable to our customers
and enable us to operate profitably. 

We
expect our business model to continue to evolve. 

Our
industry is characterized by experimentation and frequent introductions of new products and services. We expect the services and
products associated with our products to continue to rapidly evolve. Thus, in order to stay current with the industry, we will
need to modify our products to remain relevant. We cannot offer any assurance that modifications we make to our products or business
model will be successful or will not harm our business. If the changes we make are not successful, or if we fail to make appropriate
changes, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially on our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

We
face intense and increasing competition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
market in which we will compete is intensely competitive and characterized by rapid changes in technology, client expectations,
industry standards, and frequent and improvements to existing products. We expect competition to increase as other established
or emerging companies enter the markets for software for the detection of rail faults and the development of driver, passenger
and other ancillary safety systems. In the US, many of our competitors have a long history in fault detection and established
relationships with prospective clients and diverse product and service offerings. If we are unable to anticipate or effectively
react to these challenges, our competitive position could weaken, and we could fail to achieve sufficient revenue to achieve our
business goals which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are not able to effectively keep pace with technological developments that are attractive to our clients, our business, results
of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
will seek to design software that will analyze data obtained through various methods of inspecting railways. We will need to continually
modify and enhance our products to keep pace with technological advancements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
do so, which could cause our products to fail to achieve market acceptance. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may be unable to execute our business plan or adequately address competitive challenges
and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. 

Our
success depends on our ability to generate revenues achieve profitable operations and thereafter effectively manage the growth
of our business, which will require that we develop our administrative, operational, financial and management systems and controls.
Achieving profitability and managing our growth will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management
and employee resources. If we fail to manage our expected growth, the quality of our products, our relationships with our clients
and ability to compete could suffer. 

Dependence
on Key Existing and Future Personnel. 

Our
success depends, to a large degree, upon the efforts and abilities of Weihong Du our principal stockholder, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer. The loss of the services of Mr. Du or one or more of our key employees could have a material adverse effect
on our operations. In addition, to achieve our business goals, we will need to recruit and retain additional management, financial
personnel, key employees and consulting service providers in virtually all phases of our operations including members of our board
of directors. Key employees and consultants will require a strong background in our industry. We cannot assure that we will be
able to successfully attract and retain key personnel. 

16 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain key technical, management and sales personnel while supporting the onboarding
and career development of our team members. 

Our
ability to successfully execute on our business plan depends on the contribution of our senior management team as well as other
key talent including creative product and software design, engineering and development personnel, management and sales personnel.
The inability to retain personnel once hired we result in experience inefficiencies or a lack of business continuity due to employee
turnover and new team members lack of historical knowledge and lack of familiarity with the design and development of our
products. We may also experience additional costs as new employees learn their roles and gain necessary experience, in addition
to the cost of hiring new individuals. If we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team or other key talent,
our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, financial plans, product development, marketing and other objectives
could be significantly impaired. In addition, if we are unable to attract and retain qualified key talent, we may not be able
to effectively and efficiently manage our business and execute our business plan. 

Our
key executive does not devote his full business time to our operations. 

Our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Weihong Du, is also involved with Shenzhen Beyebe Internet Technology Co., Ltd., and
does not devote all of his working time to our business. If Mr. Du does not devote sufficient time to our business, our operations
could suffer, which would have an adverse material impact on our financial position and operational results. 

The
other businesses engaged in by Mr. Du could be deemed competitive with aspects of our business. Should such other businesses prove
more successful than ours, Mr. Du could choose to focus his attention on such business which could cause him to fail to devote
sufficient attention to our business and our operations could suffer and our financial conditions and results of operations may
be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
principal stockholder is not familiar with American business practices. 

Mr.
Du, our principal stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is a citizen of the PRC and an active entrepreneur in China.
Mr. Du lacks experience with American business practices and is heavily influenced by his background in the PRC. Mr. Du s
motivation for forming our Company and causing it to become a U.S. publicly-traded company may differ from those of American entrepreneurs
and his values may cause him to operate the business differently than would an American entrepreneur which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Ownership
of our common stock is highly concentrated. Holders of our Class B Common Stock have preferential voting rights and the holders
of all of our Class B Common Stock have given Mr. Du the right to vote their shares. Your interests may conflict with the interests
of our Mr. Du and the holders of our Class B Common Stock. 

The holders of all of our shares of Class B Common Stock
have granted a proxy in favor of Mr. Du to vote their shares. Holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote
together with respect to most matters to be voted upon by holders of our Common Stock with the holders of Class B Common Stock
being entitled to twenty votes per share. Consequently, the holders of our Class B Common Stock and, in particular, Mr. Du as
a result of the proxies granted to him, have the ability to control the outcome of corporate actions, including those requiring
stockholder approval and the terms on which we complete transactions with their affiliates. The interests of Mr. Du and the other
Class B stockholders may be different from the interests of other stockholders on these and other matters. This concentration
of ownership and voting rights could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in our control or otherwise discouraging
a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock. 

17 

Conflict
of Interests 

We
do not intend to devote significant resources to distributing out products within China. We have entered into a License Agreement
with Beyebe allowing it to distribute the products we develop. All of the shares of Beyebe are owned by the initial holders of
our Class B Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the terms of such agreement are comparable to those we would obtain if we
were to enter into such an agreement with a third party. Further, there is no guarantee we will exercise our rights against Beyebe
as we would against a third party. The License Agreement with Beyebe s permits it to distribute our products only within
China and we anticipate that Beyebe will not operate outside of China and will not attempt to offer our products outside of China.
Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that Beyebe will not compete with us outside of China. If it were to do so, our operations
could suffer and our financial conditions and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected and the price of
our common stock could decline. 

We
have entered into a Loan Agreement with Beyebe AI pursuant to which we may borrow up to 1,000,000 to fund our operations. Beyebe
AI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beyebe. There is no guarantee that the terms of such loan are comparable to those we would
obtain if we were to seek equity or debt from a third party. 

If
we enter into additional agreement with Beyebe or Beyebe AI, there is no guarantee that the terms of such agreements will be as
favorable as those we would obtain from a third party. 

Our
success depends on the success of third-party providers of the hardware used to inspect railway tracks and failures of these systems
may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
software will be designed to analyze the results of inspections performed on railways by others using their hardware. The success
of our systems will be affected by a number of factors which are beyond our control, including the quality of the information
provided by these systems. Any failure by a third party to obtain sufficiently comprehensive information and to provide such information
to us in a format which can be properly analyzed could affect the quality of the information we provide to our clients. There
can be no assurance that these third-party providers of inspection services will perform in a manner acceptable to us or their
clients and our clients may attribute such failures to our software, leading to doubts about the efficiency or reliability of
our products, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and financial condition. 

Any
actual or perceived failure of our systems to block malware or prevent failures or security breaches or other cybersecurity incidents
could harm our reputation, cause our products to be perceived as insecure or unreliable, impeding our efforts to attract and retain
customers and otherwise negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
will likely communicate with our clients through the internet. Consequently, our systems and data on our systems may be vulnerable
to attacks from third parties or breaches due to human error, malfeasance, or other cybersecurity incidents that could result
in unauthorized access to our internal systems, networks and data. This may include computer malware, viruses, ransomware and
other malicious software, computer hacking, fraudulent use, social engineering (including phishing attacks), data privacy breaches
by employees, insiders or others with authorized access, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information systems
and data. Cybersecurity incidents have become more prevalent. Certain kinds of viruses or malware can corrupt basic functionalities
of device operating systems to allow hackers to access our clients information including the results of our analysis of
information regarding their railways. Additionally, we use certain third-party service providers to store and process data on
our behalf, and they face a variety of security risks. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could
fail or we could suffer data loss or unauthorized access to, the systems or networks used in our business. 

18 

Any
of the foregoing cybersecurity incidents or a perception on the part of prospective clients that our systems are unsecure or unreliable,
whether or not accurate, could result in a loss of existing or potential clients; harm to our financial condition and results
of operations; expenditure of significant financial resources in efforts to address and eliminate vulnerabilities and to address
any applicable legal or contractual obligations relating to any actual or perceived security breach or other cybersecurity incident;
negative publicity and damage to our reputation and brand; and legal claims and demands. We have incurred and expect to incur
significant expenses in an effort to prevent security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents The continuing threat of cyberattacks
has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention, and to the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may
be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. In addition, our liability insurance might not
be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to cybersecurity incidents or attacks. 

If
we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud, as a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reports, which
could harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting. Compliance with
Section 404 requires that we strengthen, assess and test our system of internal controls to provide the basis for our report.
The process of strengthening our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming and requires
significant management attention. We cannot be certain that the measures we undertake will ensure that we will maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Furthermore, if we are able to rapidly grow our business, the
internal controls that we will need will become more complex, and significantly more resources will be required to ensure our
internal controls remain effective. Failure to implement required controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we discover a material weakness in
our internal controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if the weakness is quickly remedied, could diminish investors 
confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. In addition, non-compliance with Section 404 could subject us
to a variety of administrative sanctions, including the suspension of trading, ineligibility for listing on the OTC Markets, and
the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which would further reduce our stock price. 

Our
lack of adequate accounting personnel is a material weakness in our financial reporting. 

A
company is deemed to have a material weakness in financial reporting when one or more of its internal controls over financial
reporting are ineffective. Because we lack sufficient accounting personnel with training and experience in U. S. GAAP, financial
reporting and the design and evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, we have a material weakness which could
result in a material misstatement in our financial statements. Any misstatement in our financial statements could cause us to
have to restate our financial statements, which would be expensive, time consuming and adversely impact our ability to realize
our business plan. 

Failure
to comply with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We
are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained
in 18 U.S. Code 201 and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in countries outside of the United States
where we may conduct business activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years
and are interpreted to prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries
from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or
private sector. 

We,
our agents, representatives, business partners, including Beyebe, and third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions
with officials and employees of government agencies, or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt
or other illegal activities of such parties even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. If Beyebe distributes a significant
volume of our products in China, our risks under these laws may increase. Any allegations of violation of the FCPA or other applicable
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement
actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions,
suspension or debarment from government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results
of operations and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion
of management s attention and resources, significant defense costs and other professional fees. 

19 

We
are subject to export control, import and sanctions laws and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international
markets or subject us to liability if we violate such laws and regulations. 

Under
U.S. export control and sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Department of Commerce s Export Administration
Regulations EAR and various economic and trade sanctions administered by the USDT Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), our business activities are subject to various restrictions related to the sale or supply of certain products
and services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities and require authorization for the export
of certain encryption items. Although we take precautions to prevent our software and services from being accessed or provided
in violation of such laws, we may have previously allowed our software to be downloaded by individuals or entities potentially
located in countries or territories subject to U.S. trade embargoes, potentially in violation of U.S. sanctions laws. In addition,
various countries regulate the import of certain software and technology and have enacted permitting and licensing requirements
that could limit our ability to distribute our software in those countries. If we were to fail to comply with the applicable import
or export control laws, economic sanctions or other applicable laws, we could be subject to penalties which could be material
to our business, operating results and prospects and could also harm our reputation. 

Our
business may be materially adversely affected by global geopolitical conditions resulting from the ongoing trade disputes between
the US and China. 

Trade
between the US and China recently experienced disruptions as a result of the impositions of tariffs and restrictions on the exporting
and importing of advanced technologies. If tensions between the US and China increase, there is no guarantee that we will be able
to offer any of our products for sale in China or allow Beyebe to do so. 

Our
business may be materially adversely affected by global geopolitical conditions resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict,
the Israel-Hamas conflict and terrorist acts such as those occurring in the Middle East. 

Global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption as a result of the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine
conflict, the Israel-Hamas conflict and terrorist acts in the Middle East. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the Israel-Hamas
conflict, attacks on vessels in the Middle east by terrorist organizations and the resulting measures that have been taken, and
could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and other countries have
created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact
of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in
commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any
of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions
resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas conflict, terrorist acts in the Middle East and subsequent sanctions
or related actions, could adversely affect our business. The extent and duration of the ongoing conflicts, resulting sanctions
and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions
continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale.
Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. If these disruptions
or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our business may be materially adversely affected. 

20 

Natural
disasters (whether or not caused by climate change), unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks and terrorist acts
and the response of the governments in the countries affected by such events, could interfere with our business operations and
those of our clients, which could result in lost sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods and earthquakes (whether or not caused by climate
change), unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks (including the recent outbreak of the coronavirus, or COVID-19)
or terrorist acts and the response of the governments in the countries affected by such events, could adversely affect our operations
and financial performance. Such events could also cause a disruption in travel making it difficult for us to meet with prospective
customers, such as has happened as a result of lock-downs in response to COVID-19. In addition, these events could adversely impact
the operations of our clients, causing them to delay purchasing our products and services. 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock
with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to adversely affect stockholder voting power
and perpetuate the board s control over our company. 

Our
Board of Directors by resolution may authorize the issuance of up to one million shares of preferred stock in one or more series
with such limitations and restrictions as it may determine, in its sole discretion, with no further authorization by security
holders required for the issuance of such shares. The Board may determine the specific terms of the preferred stock, including
designations; preferences; conversions rights; cumulative, relative; participating; and optional or other rights, including: voting
rights; qualifications; limitations; or restrictions of the preferred stock. 

The
issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock
may be issued quickly with terms calculated to discourage, make more difficult, delay or prevent a change in control of our company
or make removal of management more difficult. As a result, the Board of Directors ability to issue preferred stock may
discourage the potential hostile acquirer, possibly resulting in beneficial negotiations. Negotiating with an unfriendly acquirer
may result in terms more favorable to us and our stockholders. Conversely, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect
the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of the common stock. We presently have no plans to issue any
preferred stock. 

The
liability of our board of directors is limited. 

The
corporate law of the State of Delaware limits the liability of our directors and generally provides that directors shall have
no personal liability to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors,
subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Risks
Associated with Business Operations in China 

The
PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a company s business operations in the PRC and
Hong Kong and the ability to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
issuers, and may interfere with or influence our operations, limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
securities to investors, and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless, as the government
deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy
through regulation and state ownership. Further, it is increasing its influence and control over businesses located or doing business
in Hong Kong. For example, the PRC government has published policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the
education, railway, solar, utilities and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that the PRC government will
release regulations or policies regarding any industry that could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results
of operations of our company. The central Chinese government or local governments having jurisdiction within China and Hong Kong
may impose new, stricter regulations, or interpretations of existing regulations, that would require additional expenditures and
efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations or could prohibit us or Beyebe from offering
our products to the Chinses railroad industry. As such, our subsidiaries and Beyebe, our licensee, in the PRC may be subject to
governmental and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate. We could also be subject to regulation by various
political and regulatory entities, including local and municipal agencies and other governmental subdivisions. Our ability to
operate in China may be impaired by any such laws or regulations, or any changes in laws and regulations in the PRC. Furthermore,
the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital
markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such action, once taken by
the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. Further, intellectual property
rights in China and Hong Kong are not as fully developed or enforced as in other countries. To the extent engineers employed by
us in China develop concepts, ideas and software of value to us, or our intellectual property is owned by TP Hong Kong, there
is no guarantee that businesses in China might not seek to obtain such intellectual property and enter into competition with us
within or outside China or that the PRC government might not use our intellectual property on state own railways without compensating
us. The legal and judicial systems in the PRC are still rudimentary, and enforcement of existing laws is inconsistent. As a result,
it may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment
of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. 

21 

Changes
in the PRC Government s emphasis on development of China s railway industry as well as changes in the trade relationship
between the United States and China could affect our ability to generate business in China. 

Our
ability to develop business in China is dependent upon the continuation of government policies relating to the development of
its railway industry and the ability of Beyebe to participate in such industry. We believe that Beyebe may provide our products
and services to railroad operators and track maintenance companies. Any changes in the policies or practices that reduce China s
development of its railroads or that inhibit Beyebe s ability to participate in the maintenance of railways could have an
adverse impact on revenues Beyebe might generate from the sale of products pursuant to the License Agreement, which would reduce
royalties payable by us pursuant to the License. Any regulations or practices that give preference to a China business rather
than a licensee of a United States business would also make it more difficult or more expensive to operate our business. We cannot
assure you that changes in law or practices will not impair our ability to generate revenues from our License with Beyebe. 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly enacted PRC Foreign Investment Law and
how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance, business operations and financial results. 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect on January 1,
2020 and replaced the existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, together with their implementation rules and ancillary
regulations. The Foreign Investment Law embodies a PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime
in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both
foreign and domestic investments. However, since it is relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation
and implementation and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate governance and business operations in China and
our financial results. 

Although
we do not believe we are a China-based issuer, our business includes our subsidiaries in China, the License granted to Beyebe
and the loan received from Beyebe AI, which are subject to the rules and regulations in China as well as China governmental intervention
and influence. Further, all of our shareholders are shareholders of Beyebe. The rules and regulations in China can change quickly
with little advance notice, and Chinese government may intervene or influence our China operation at any time, may restrict Beyebe s
ability to remit funds to Beyebe AI to serve as a loan to us, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or
foreign investment in us, which could result in a material change in our operations in China and our operations in the U.S. and
could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless, and limit the legal protections available to
us. Further, although we believe that Beyebe is not a foreign owned enterprise, and that the presence of the License Agreement
between us and Beyebe and the overlap in our shareholdings will not prevent Beyebe from participating in the railway industry,
there is no assurance it will be able to do so. 

22 

We
believe that neither we nor our PRC subsidiaries are required to obtain permissions from Chinese authorities for a public offering
of our securities to investors outside of China (foreign investors). 

On
July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government authorities published the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities Activities
in Accordance with the Law. These opinions call for strengthened regulation over illegal securities activities and supervision
on overseas listings by China-based companies and propose to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant
regulatory systems to deal with the risks and incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. As of the date hereof
limited official guidance or related implementation rules have been issued in relation to these recently issued opinions and the
interpretation and implementation of these opinions remain unclear at this stage. On December 24, 2021, the CSRC, issued the Administration
Provisions and the Measures. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines. The new
regulations require PRC Companies to make certain filings with the CSRC. The new regulations authorize the CSRC to review such
fillings, penalize relevant PRC Companies or people in charge, or report to overseas securities regulatory institutions in case
of violation of the Trial Measures, in order to ensure PRC Companies are in compliance with PRC regulations and policies. The
new regulations became effective on March 31, 2023. On May 7, 2024, the CSRC issued the Regulatory Rules Application Guidelines,
Category 7 for Overseas Issuance and Listing: Regulatory Requirements for Domestic Enterprises Transferring from Overseas OTC
Markets to Overseas Stock Exchanges for Overseas Issuance and Listing. The Regulatory Rules were intended to clarify certain
issues related to a PRC domestic company s obligation to file with the CSRC in connection with its listing on an overseas
OTC market or an overseas stock exchange. In particular, the CSRC stated that the phrase overseas issuance and listing 
refers to activities related to issuing and listing on an overseas stock exchange and the listing of a PRC domestic company on
an overseas OTC market does not fall within the scope of activities requiring a filing with the CSRC. Further, the CSRC stated
that a PRC domestic company transferring to an overseas stock exchange for listing from an overseas OTC market should file with
the CSRC within three working days after submitting the application documents for listing on the overseas exchange in accordance
with the relevant requirements for an initial public offering and listing on an overseas stock exchange and, according to the
 Notice on Filing Management Arrangements for Domestic Enterprises Overseas Issuance and Listing, As a result
of the May 7 th issuance of the Regulatory Rules, we have determined until such time as we seek to be listed on a stock
exchange outside of China, we are not required to submit filings to the CSRC in connection with an offering of shares of our securities. 

Based
the fact that we are a Delaware corporation and our management is located in the United States, we believe that our ownership
of subsidiaries in the PRC and our License with Beyebe do not make us a PRC Company that is required to make a filing with the
CSRC, even though members of our management remain citizens of the PRC, and, should we choose to commence a public offering of
our securities, we may not make a filing with the CSRC. Failure to file as required could subject us or our controlling stockholders
to fines and penalties, which may be significant. If it is determined that CSRC approval was required for an offering of our securities,
we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies for failure to seek CSRC approval for such offering. These
sanctions may include fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC, delays or restrictions on the repatriation into the PRC
of the proceeds from an offering, restrictions on or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by our PRC subsidiaries,
or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation
and prospects, as well as the trading price of our securities. If we determine to raise funds in a public offering and cause our
securities to be listed on a stock exchange, we will need to determine whether a filing with the CSRC is required in order for
us to complete the offering based on the facts and circumstances at that time. 

The
CSRC or other Chinese government agencies may adopt new regulations to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are
conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers. If our interpretation of these laws and regulations are incorrect
and the CSRC or another PRC regulatory body determines that we are required to obtain any approval or permission in the future,
due to the change of applicable laws or regulations, we may incur additional costs to procure such approval or permission, and
there is no guarantee that we can successfully obtain such approval or permission. Any failure to obtain such approval or permission
could materially and adversely affect our business, our ability to maintain or list our securities on an electronic trading system
or exchange in the United States and the market for and the value of our common stock and we or our PRC subsidiaries may face
approval delays, adverse actions or sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies. In any such event, these regulatory
agencies may impose fines and penalties, limit our acquisitions and operations of our PRC subsidiaries in China, or take other
actions that could materially adversely affect us or our PRC subsidiaries business, financial condition, results of operations,
reputation and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. As a result, we face uncertainty about future actions
by the PRC government that could significantly affect our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors and
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

23 

Our
PRC subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the PRC are directly owned by us. Our direct ownership of our PRC subsidiaries is governed by
and in compliance with PRC regulations. However, if the PRC regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our
business and financial results may be adversely impacted and our securities may decline in value or become worthless if we are
unable to assert our control rights over the assets of our PRC subsidiaries. 

Our
PRC subsidiaries are wholly-owned directly by us. Our direct ownership in our PRC subsidiaries is governed by and in compliance
with PRC regulations. However, if the PRC regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our business and financial
results may be adversely affected our stock may decline in value or become worthless if we are unable to assert our control rights
over the assets of our PRC subsidiaries that conduct substantially of our operations in China. 

Any
change of regulations and rules by the Chinese government, such as those related to data security, anti-monopoly concerns or the
right of the railway industry in China to use for less than fair value intellectual property developed in China, may intervene
or influence our operations at any time or adversely impact our ability to derive revenues in China from products developed by
our Chinese subsidiaries which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities to decline
and possibly be worthless. 

Although
we are a Delaware corporation headquartered in the United States with its management team and operations in the United States,
through our subsidiaries, we conduct business in China, and our China business is subject to Chinese law. Our operations in China
may be impacted or influenced by the new regulations and policies of the Chinese government. For example, on July 6, 2021, the
General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
 The Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions. 
The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision over
overseas listings by Chinese companies. According to the Opinions, measures, including promoting the institution of relevant regulatory
systems, will be taken to control the risks and manage the incidents from overseas-listed Chinese companies. On July 10, 2021,
CAC published the Cybersecurity Review Measures (Revised Draft for Public Comments), or the Review Measures (Draft), 
and on December 28, 2021, the CAC and other ministries and commissions jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures,
which came into effect on February 15, 2022, intended to further restate and expand the applicable scope of the cybersecurity
review. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, CIIO that intend to purchase internet products and services and online
platform operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security are subject to cybersecurity
review. Cybersecurity Review Measures further stipulate that if a network platform operator possesses the personal information
of more than one million users and intends to list in a foreign country, it shall apply to the CAC for cybersecurity review. Although
we are unlikely to be a CIIO or online platform operator as defined in the Cybersecurity Review Measures, it is not certain whether
any future regulations will impose restrictions on the business that we conduct in China. Because our PRC subsidiaries do not
deal with the public and do not possess personal data of at least 1,000,000 users, we do not believe that we are required to apply
for review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. In the event that, in the future, we possess such data or if the requirements for
review are changed, we may be required to obtain such approval, the failure of which could affect our ability to have our common
stock traded on Nasdaq. Any additional restriction, scrutiny or negative publicity regarding US corporations which have operations
in China could cause US investors to become less interested in our securities, or hinder our ability to offer, or continue to
offer, our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Our
ability to collect any royalties due from Beyebe may be adversely impacted by its ability to collect its receivables and China s
monetary controls. 

Many
of the potential users of our products in China are government entities or state-owned enterprises. It is sometimes difficult
to collect amounts due from such entities in full, at all or in a timely manner. If Beyebe were unable to collect its receivables,
it could adversely impact our ability to collect royalties and other amounts due from Beyebe. Further, the PRC government imposes
controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies outside the PRC. Therefore, Beyebe
may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the
payment of amounts due us as royalties or for any other purpose. If we are unable to collect amounts due from Beyebe, our financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected and the price of our common stock could decline. 

24 

The
transfer of funds between Transit Pro Delaware and our subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong is subject to restriction. The transfer
of funds by Beyebe to Beyebe AI for purposes of making a loan to us is subject to restriction. 

Our
equity structure is a direct holding structure, that is, Transit Pro Tech Inc., a Delaware corporation, directly controls its
subsidiaries in China. To date, no dividends, distribution or other transfers of funds have occurred from our PRC subsidiaries
to us and we have not made any dividends, distributions or other transfer of funds to investors. Given the nature of our operations
in China, which are currently limited to research and development and the ownership of certain intellectual property, and our
emphasis on distributing our products outside of China, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends from our companies in China
to Transit Pro Delaware To the extent that we may in the future seek to fund the business of our Chinese subsidiaries through
distributions or transfer of funds from our Delaware corporation, any such transfer of funds with PRC subsidiaries is subject
to government regulations. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless reduced under treaties or arrangements between
the PRC central government and the governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are tax resident.
Pursuant to the tax agreement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the withholding tax rate
in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise may be reduced to 5 from a standard rate
of 10 . However, if the relevant tax authorities determine that our transactions or arrangements are for the primary purpose of
enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the relevant tax authorities may adjust the favorable withholding tax in the future. Accordingly,
there is no assurance that the reduced 5 withholding rate will apply to dividends received by our Hong Kong subsidiary from its
PRC subsidiaries. This withholding tax will reduce the amount of dividends we may receive from our PRC subsidiaries. 

Beginning
in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, began
to implement a series of capital control measures, including stricter vetting procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign
currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments and shareholder loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen
its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries dividends and other distributions may be subject to tightened scrutiny in
the future. Likewise, though Beyebe is not our subsidiary, capital control measures currently in place will limit its ability
to remit funds to Beyebe AI, its subsidiary for purposes of making a loan to us or acquiring our securities. 

Foreign
currency exchange regulation in the PRC is primarily governed by the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign Exchange, most
recently revised by the State Council on August 5, 2008, Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Policies of Foreign Exchange
Administration Regarding Direct Investment issued by SAFE on February 13, 2015, and the Provisions on the Administration of Settlement,
Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange promulgated by People s Bank of China on June 20, 1996. Currently, RMB is convertible
for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service related foreign exchange
transactions. Conversion of RMB for most capital account items, such as direct investment, security investment and repatriation
of investment, however, is still subject to registration with the SAFE. Foreign-invested enterprises may buy, sell and remit foreign
currencies at financial institutions engaged in foreign currency settlement and sale after providing valid commercial documents
and, in the case of most capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from the SAFE. Capital investments by foreign enterprises
are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the NDRC, the Ministry of Construction, and registration with the
SAFE. 

Therefore,
we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for
the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the
future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. 

25 

China
is a communist country. As such, the Chinese central government and local governments, including the government in Hong Kong,
may take actions believed to be beneficial to the common good at the expense of an individual business. 

China
is a communist country and although it has adopted many aspects of a competitive market economy, its central government and local
governments take actions which they believe to be beneficial to the general welfare at the expense of private entrepreneurs. As
the influence of the PRC government has grown it has caused the government of Hoing Kong to adopt similar policies in Hoing Kong.
For example, there are a number of state-owned enterprises which tend to interact with other state-owned enterprises rather than
competitive privately owned companies even though they may pay more for inputs and generate less revenue from the products and
services they offer. Given that we, a US corporation, own our subsidiaries in China and pursuant to our license Agreement with
Beyebe may benefit from revenues generated by it from the exploitation of our products and services, there is no assurance that
the operators of railways in China and companies that provide maintenance services to railways in China, which are often state-owned
enterprises, will choose to do business with Beyebe or fairly compensate it for products and services from which we would derive
a benefit. Moreover, the legal system in the PRC and Hong Kong are heavily influenced by local governments. If a competitor of
Beyebe were to infringe upon or simply use our intellectual property and trade secrets, there is no assurance that we or Beyebe
could enforce any rights we or it may have as a result of such infringement. Any reluctance to do business with Beyebe in China
or inability to protect our rights in our intellectual property could have a material adverse impact on our operations in China
and results of operations. 

At
various times during recent years, the United States and China have had significant disagreements over political and economic
issues. Controversies between the United States and China may affect the economic outlook both in the U.S. and in China. Our business
and the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

Because
we have a subsidiary in Hong Kong which in turn owns a subsidiary in China, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the
PRC, which can be complex and evolve rapidly. The PRC government has the power to exercise significant oversight and discretion
over the conduct of our business, and the regulations to which we are subject may change rapidly and with little notice to us
or our shareholders. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of new and existing laws and regulations in
the PRC are often uncertain. In addition, these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently by different
agencies or authorities, and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. New laws, regulations, and other government
directives in the PRC may also be costly to comply with, and such compliance or any associated inquiries or investigations or
any other government actions may: 

Delay or impede
 our development; 

Result in negative
 publicity or increase our operating costs; 

Require significant
 management time and attention, and 

Subject us to remedies, administrative penalties and even criminal liabilities that may harm our business, including fines assessed
for our current or historical operations, or demands or orders that we modify or even cease our business practices. 

The
promulgation of new laws or regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws and regulations, in each case that restrict
or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we conduct our business and could require us to change certain
aspects of our business to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for our products, reduce revenues, increase costs, require
us to obtain more licenses, permits, approvals or certificates, or subject us to additional liabilities. To the extent any new
or more stringent measures are required to be implemented, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected as well as materially decrease the value of our ordinary shares. 

26 

A
joint statement by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, the
newly enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon
assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments
could add uncertainties to the market for our common stock. 

On
April 21, 2020, the SEC and the PCAOB released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies
based in or having substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated
with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

The
HFCAA requires certain issuers of securities to establish that they are not owned or controlled by a foreign government. Specifically,
an issuer must make this certification if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the issuer has retained a foreign
public accounting firm not subject to inspection by the PCAOB. Furthermore, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect the issuer s
public accounting firm for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are banned from trading on a national exchange
or through other methods. On December 29, 2022, the AHFCAA was enacted, which amended the HFCAA by decreasing the number of non-inspection
years from three years to two, thus reducing the time period before our common stock may be prohibited from trading or delisted
if the PCAOB were to determine that it could not inspect our auditor. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB was then unable to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China, because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency
of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated
under the HFCAA. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have
used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. 

On
August 26, 2022, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, and the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol, or the Protocol,
governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to the Protocol, the PCAOB shall
have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer
information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect
and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous
determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access
in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the PCAOB is not
able to inspect and investigate completely our auditor s work papers in China, you may be deprived of the benefits of such
inspection which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities
may be prohibited under the HFCAA . 

27 

Our
auditor, YU Certified Public Accountants, an independent public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, and an auditor of publicly
traded companies in the U.S., is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess
its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is based in the United States and has been inspected by
the PCAOB on a regular basis. Our auditor is not headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong and was not identified as a firm
subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Nevertheless, should the PCAOB be unable to fully conduct
inspection of our auditor s work papers in China, it will make it difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor s
audit procedures or equity control procedures. Investors may consequently lose confidence in our reported financial information
and procedures or quality of the financial statements, which would adversely affect us and our securities. Moreover, if trading
in our securities is prohibited under the HFCAA in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate
our auditor at such future time, if our securities were then traded on an exchange, that exchange may determine to delist our
securities. 

The
PCAOB has not requested our auditor to provide the PCAOB with copies of our audit workpapers and consequently our auditors have
not sought permission from PRC authorities to provide copies of these materials to the PCAOB. If our auditors are not permitted
to provide requested audit workpapers located in China to the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s
oversight of such auditors through such inspections. 

Changes
in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact on the profitability of our
business. 

The
PRC s economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market-oriented economy subject to five-year or ten-year plans
and annual plans adopted by the government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have
significant effects on the economic conditions within the PRC. Although the PRC government has stated that that economic development
will follow the model of a market economy, the concept of a market economy in the PRC is different from the way a market economy
is understood in the United States. A change in policies by the PRC government could adversely affect our interests by, among
other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the interpretation thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion,
imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises. Further, the availability of credit
in the PRC can have a major impact on the ability of companies to purchase or otherwise acquire capital assets. While the Chinese
economy has grown significantly in the past 30 years, the growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors
of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources.
Some of these measures benefit the overall Chinese economy but may also have a negative effect on an individual or group of businesses.
We cannot assure you that the PRC government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly
altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the
PRC s political, economic and social environment. The interpretation of some of these measures, including tax measures,
is both complex and evolving and it may be difficult to ascertain, with any degree of certainty, whether we are in compliance.
our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the effects of government control over capital
investments or changes in and interpretations of tax, currency and other regulations that are applicable to it. 

28 

Future
inflation in China may inhibit the profitability of our business in China. 

In
recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. Rapid economic growth
can lead to inflation. Any adverse change in the terms on which we construct solar energy projects or sells electricity generated
by our China operations may impair our ability to operate profitably in China. Factors such as rapid expansion and inflation have
led to the adoption by the PRC government, from time to time, of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability
of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the PRC government to impose controls
on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China, and thereby harm the market
for our products and services. 

The
fluctuation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on an investment in our securities. 

The
change in value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by various factors, including changes in China s
political and economic conditions. Any significant appreciation or revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on
the value of, and any dividends payable on, our securities in foreign currency terms. More specifically, if we decide to convert
our RMB into U.S. dollars, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount
available to us. To the extent that we need to convert the U.S. dollars we receive from any equity or debt financing into RMB
for our operations in China, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we
would receive from the conversion. In addition, appreciation or depreciation in the exchange rate of the RMB to the U.S. dollar
could materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock in U.S. dollars without giving effect to any underlying change
in our business or results of operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange
rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. 

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive and use our revenue effectively. 

Revenue
from our China operations is denominated in RMB. Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to use any earnings generated
in China to fund our business activities in the United States and to make dividend payments to our shareholders in U.S. dollars.
Under current PRC laws and regulations, RMB is freely convertible for current account items, such as trade and service-related
foreign exchange transactions and dividend distributions. However, RMB is not freely convertible for direct investment or loans
or investments in securities outside China, unless such use is approved by the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ).
For example, foreign exchange transactions under our subsidiaries capital accounts, including principal payments in respect
of foreign currency-denominated obligations, remain subject to significant foreign exchange controls and the approval requirement
of SAFE. These limitations could affect our ability to obtain foreign exchange for capital expenditures. 

Because
we must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, we may face a competitive disadvantage in competing with Chinese companies
that are not bound by those prohibitions. 

We
are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies and their foreign
subsidiaries and controlled entities from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions.
Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time to time in China. If our competitors
engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of other companies or government agencies, giving
competitors an advantage in securing permits or business or from government officials. Although we inform our personnel that such
practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might
be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The
PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions in a civil
law system may be cited as reference but have limited precedential value. Since 1979, newly introduced PRC laws and regulations
have significantly enhanced the protection of interest relating to foreign investments in China. However, since these laws and
regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system is continuing to evolve, the interpretations of such laws and regulations
may not always be consistent, and enforcement of these laws and regulations involves significant uncertainties, any of which could
limit available legal protections. 

29 

In
addition, the PRC administrative and judicial authorities have significant discretion in interpreting, implementing or enforcing
statutory rules and contractual terms, and it may be more difficult to predict the outcome of administrative and judicial proceedings
and the level of legal protection we may enjoy in the PRC than under some more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may
affect our decisions on the policies and actions to be taken to comply with PRC laws and regulations and may affect our ability
to enforce our intellectual property, contractual or tort rights. In addition, the regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through
unmerited legal actions or threats in an attempt to extract payments or benefits from us. Such uncertainties may therefore increase
our operating expenses and costs, and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
PRC s legal and judicial system may not adequately protect our business and operations and the rights of our investors. 

The
PRC legal and judicial system may negatively impact foreign investors. In 1982, the National People s Congress amended the
Constitution of China to authorize foreign investment and guarantee the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors
in the PRC. However, the PRC s system of laws is not yet comprehensive. The legal and judicial systems in the PRC are still
rudimentary, and enforcement of existing laws is inconsistent. As a result, it may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable
enforcement of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. The
PRC s legal system is based on the civil law regime, which means that it is based on written statutes. A decision by one
judge does not set a legal precedent that is required to be followed by judges in other cases. In addition, the interpretation
of Chinese laws may be varied to reflect domestic political changes. The promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and
the pre-emption of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. There can be no assurance that a
change in leadership, social or political disruption, or unforeseen circumstances affecting the PRC s political, economic
or social life, will not affect the PRC government s ability to continue to support and pursue these reforms. Such a shift
could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer resides outside of the United States and all of our officers and directors previously resided in China
and could choose to move back to China. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other
legal rights against those officers and directors. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer resides outside of the United States and all of our officers and directors previously resided in China
and could choose to move back to China. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the
United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon those officers and directors located outside the
United States, to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on them under
United States securities laws. In particular, the PRC does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of judgments of courts with the United States and many other countries and regions. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in
the PRC of judgments of United States courts in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult
or impossible. There is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would enforce judgments of United States courts obtained
against these persons predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the United States federal and state securities laws. In
addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors
and officers if they decide that the judgment violates the basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or public
interest. As a result, it is uncertain whether and on what basis a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the
United States. Under the PRC Civil Procedures Law, foreign shareholders may originate actions based on PRC law against a company
in China for disputes if they can establish sufficient nexus to the PRC for a PRC court to have jurisdiction, and meet other procedural
requirements, including, among others, the plaintiff must have a direct interest in the case, and there must be a concrete claim,
a factual basis and a cause for the suit. It will be, however, difficult for U.S. shareholders to originate actions in the PRC
against us or our directors who are located in the PRC in accordance with PRC laws because we are incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada and it will be difficult for U.S. shareholders, by virtue only of holding our common stock, to establish
a connection to the PRC for a PRC court to have jurisdiction as required under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. In addition, it also
takes the costs and time for U.S. shareholders to take such court procedures in order to enforce liabilities and judgments in
China. As a result of the foregoing, it would be very expensive and time-consuming for a stockholder to either seek to enforce
a U.S. judgment in China or to commence an action in a Chinese court, with a strong likelihood that the stockholder will not be
successful. 

30 

Shareholder
claims that are common in the United States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult
to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles
to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign
entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation
with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in the absence of mutual and practical
cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities
regulator is allowed to directly conduct an investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly,
without the consent of the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization or individual may provide
the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas parties outside of the PRC. 

You
may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgements in China against us or our management . 

China
does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States
and many other countries and regions. Even judgements from countries that have an enforcement treaty with China are often not
enforceable in China. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any non-PRC jurisdiction in relation
to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. It may also be difficult for you
to enforce within China U.S. courts judgments based on violations of the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws against us and our officers and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of China would recognize
or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. 

Non-compliance
with labor-related laws and regulations of the PRC may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation. 

We
are subject to strict regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor contracts with the employees of our Chinese subsidiaries
and paying various statutory employee benefits, including pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance,
unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated government agencies for the benefit of our Chinese employees. Pursuant
to the PRC Labor Contract Law, or the Labor Contract Law, that became effective in January 2008 and was amended effective July
1, 2013, and its implementing rules that became effective in September 2008, employers are subject to strict requirements in terms
of signing labor contracts, minimum wages, paying remuneration, determining the term of employees probation and unilaterally
terminating labor contracts. In the event that one of our Chinese subsidiaries decides to terminate some of its employees or otherwise
change its employment or labor practices, the Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules may limit our ability to effect
those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We
believe our current practice complies with the Labor Contract Law and its amendments. However, the relevant governmental authorities
may take a different view and impose fines on us. 

As
the interpretation and implementation of labor-related laws and regulations are still evolving, our employment practices could
violate labor-related laws and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If we
are deemed to have violated relevant labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation to our
employees and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

31 

A
failure by the beneficial owners of our common stock who are PRC residents to comply with certain PRC foreign exchange regulations
may restrict our ability to distribute profits, restrict our overseas and cross-border investment activities and subject us to
liability under PRC law. 

SAFE
has promulgated regulations, including the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Residents Investment and Financing
and Round-Trip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular No. 37, effective on July 4, 2014, and its appendices,
that require PRC residents, including PRC institutions and individuals, to register with local branches of SAFE in connection
with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment and financing,
with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests,
referred to in SAFE Circular No. 37 as a special purpose vehicle. SAFE Circular No. 37 further requires amendment
to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease
of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material event. In the event
that a PRC shareholder holding interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC
subsidiaries of that special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from
carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability
to contribute additional capital into its PRC subsidiary. Further, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for foreign exchange evasion. 

Although
we believe these regulations are not applicable to us since we are not a special purpose vehicle under Circular 37, we cannot
assure you that SAFE will not reach a different conclusion. If we are subject to these regulations, the regulations may apply
to our direct and indirect stockholders who are PRC residents and may apply to any offshore acquisitions or share transfers that
we make in the future if our shares are issued to PRC residents. However, in practice, different local SAFE branches may have
different views and procedures on the application and implementation of SAFE regulations. If filings are required, we cannot assure
you that these individuals or any other direct or indirect stockholders or beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents
will be able to successfully complete the registration or update the registration of their direct and indirect equity interest
as required in the future. If they fail to make or update the registration, our PRC subsidiaries could be subject to fines and
legal penalties, and SAFE could restrict our cross-border investment activities and our foreign exchange activities, including
restricting our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends to, or obtain loans denominated in foreign currencies.
As a result, our business operations and our ability to make distributions to you could be materially and adversely affected. 

Certain
PRC regulations, including the M A Rules and national security regulations, may require a complicated review and approval
process which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

On
August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Commerce, the State Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission, the State Administration for Taxation, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, CSRC and SAFE, jointly
issued the Regulation on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which became
effective on September 8, 2006 and were amended on June 22, 2009. The M A Rules established additional procedures and requirements
that could make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. For example,
the MOFCOM must be notified in the event a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, certain acquisitions
of domestic companies by offshore companies that are related to or affiliated with the same entities or individuals of the domestic
companies, are subject to approval by the MOFCOM. In addition, the Implementing Rules Concerning Security Review on Mergers and
Acquisitions by Foreign Investors of Domestic Enterprises, issued by the MOFCOM in August 2011, require that mergers and acquisitions
by foreign investors in any industry with national security concerns be subject to national security review by MOFCOM.
In addition, any activities attempting to circumvent such review process, including structuring the transaction through a proxy
or contractual control arrangement, are strictly prohibited. 

There
is significant uncertainty regarding the interpretation and implementation of these regulations relating to merger and acquisition
activities in China. In addition, complying with these requirements could be time-consuming, and the required notification, review
or approval process may materially delay or affect our ability to complete merger and acquisition transactions in China. As a
result, our ability to seek growth through acquisitions may be materially and adversely affected. 

32 

Although
we do not believe that our business in China is part of an industry with national security concerns, we cannot assure you that
MOFCOM will not reach a different conclusion. If MOFCOM determines that we should have obtained its approval, we may be required
to file for remedial approvals. There is no assurance that it would be able to obtain such approval from MOFCOM. We may also be
subject to administrative fines or penalties by MOFCOM that may require us to limit its business operations in the PRC, delay
or restrict the conversion and remittance of its funds in foreign currencies into the PRC or take other actions that could have
material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Under
the new Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification could
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders. 

The
new Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law and its implementing rules provide that enterprises established outside of China whose de
facto management bodies are located in China are considered resident enterprises under PRC tax laws. The
implementing rules promulgated under the new EIT Law define the term de facto management bodies as a management
body which substantially manages, or has control over the business, personnel, finance and assets of an enterprise. However, there
are no further detailed rules or precedents governing the procedures and specific criteria for determining de facto management
body. It is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that because we wholly-own Chinese subsidiaries and
all members of our management are citizens of China and formerly resided in China and, despite residing in the US, occasionally
visit China, we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise. 

If
we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income
at a uniform tax rate of 25 , although dividends distributed to us from our existing PRC subsidiaries and any other PRC subsidiaries
which we may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC dividend withholding tax due to a PRC resident recipient 
status. This could have a material and adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate, our income tax expenses and our net income.
Furthermore, dividends, if any, paid to our stockholders may be decreased as a result of the decrease in distributable profits.
In addition, if we were to be considered a PRC resident enterprise, dividends we pay with respect to shares of our
common stock and the gains realized from the transfer of shares of our common stock may be considered income derived from sources
within the PRC and be subject to PRC withholding tax. This could have a material and adverse effect on the value of your investment
in us and the price of shares of our common stock. 

We
face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed
to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or immovable properties located in China owned by a non-PRC company. We face uncertainties
on the reporting and consequences of private equity financing transactions, private share exchange transactions and private transfer
of shares, including private transfer of public shares, in our company by non-resident investors. 

On
February 3, 2015, the PRC s State Administration of Taxation SAT issued Announcement on Several Issues Concerning
the Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Property Transfers by Non-RPC Resident Enterprises, or SAT Notice No. 7, to supersede the
existing tax rules in relation to the tax treatment of the Indirect Transfer. SAT Notice No. 7 introduces a new tax regime and
extends the SAT s tax jurisdiction to capture transactions involving indirect transfer of (i) real properties in China and
(ii) assets of an establishment or place situated in China, by a non-PRC resident enterprise through a disposition
of equity interests in an overseas holding company. SAT Notice No. 7 also extends the Interpretation with respect to the disposition
of equity interests in an overseas holding company. In addition, SAT Notice No. 7 further clarifies how to assess reasonable commercial
purposes and introduces safe harbors applicable to internal group restructurings. However, it also brings challenges to both the
foreign transferors and transferees as they are required to make self-assessments of whether an Indirect Transfer or similar transaction
should be subject to PRC tax and whether they should file or withhold any tax payment accordingly. 

There
is a lack of clear statutory interpretation and uncertainties on the reporting and consequences on future private equity financing
transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC
resident enterprises, or the sale or purchase of shares in other non-PRC resident companies or other taxable assets by us. We
and other non-resident enterprises in our group may be subject to filing obligations or taxes if we and other non-resident enterprises
in our group are transferors in such transactions and may be subject to withholding obligations if we and other non-resident enterprises
in our group are transferees in such transactions. For the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident
enterprises, our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in filing under the rules and notices. We may be required to expend
costly resources to comply with SAT Notice No. 7, or to establish a case to be tax exempt under SAT Notice No. 7, which may cause
us to incur additional costs and may have a negative impact on the value of your investment in us. 

33 

The
PRC tax authorities have discretion under SAT Notice No. 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference
between the fair value of the transferred equity interests and the investment cost. We may pursue acquisitions in the future that
may involve complex corporate structures. If we are considered as a non-PRC resident enterprise under the EIT Law and if the PRC
tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under and SAT Notice No. 7, our income tax expenses
associated with such potential acquisitions will be increased, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Regulatory
bodies of the United States may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China.

From
time to time, we may receive requests from certain US agencies to investigate or inspect our operations, or to otherwise provide
information. While we will be compliant with these requests from these regulators, there is no guarantee that such requests will
be honored by those entities who provide services to us or with whom we associate, especially as those entities are located in
China. Furthermore, an on-site inspection of our facilities in China by any of these regulators may be limited or entirely prohibited.
Such inspections, though permitted by us and our affiliates, are subject to the unpredictability of the Chinese enforcers, and
may therefore be impossible to facilitate. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law which became effective in March
2020, the securities regulatory authority of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities
regulatory authorities of another country or region, to implement cross-border supervision and administration and no overseas
securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct an investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of
the PRC. Accordingly, without the consent of the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization
or individual may provide the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas parties. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Common Stock and Operation as a Public Company. 

Neither
our Class A Common Stock nor our Class B Common Stock is currently quoted or listed and may never be quoted or listed by the OTC
Markets or any other listing or quotation service or exchange and if listed, no market may ever develop for our Class A Common
Stock or our Class B Common Stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. Investors may have difficulty in reselling
their shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. Further, we do not plan to seek to list our Class B Common Stock
on the OTC Markets or any other listing or quotation service or exchange. 

Our
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are currently not quoted on any listing or quotation service or exchange and may
not be in the future. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained. The holders of our
shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be
aware that there might be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly,
even if we are successful in having the shares available for trading on the OTC Markets, investors should consider any secondary
market for our common shares to be a limited one. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company
in an accepted publication, which permits a manual exemption. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed
in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities
manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry
must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer s balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss
statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not
be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer exemption restricted
to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals
are those published in Standard and Poor s, Moody s Investor Service, Fitch s Investment Service, and Best s
Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they recognize
securities manuals but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore
do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee,
Vermont and Wisconsin. Accordingly, our common shares should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors ability
to resell their shares. 

34 

We
will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to compliance efforts. 

As
a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related SEC regulations have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs
and risks associated with accessing the public markets and public reporting. Our management and other personnel will need to devote
a substantial amount of time and financial resources to comply with these requirements, as well any new requirements implemented
by the SEC. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities
more time-consuming and costly and could lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities
to compliance activities. We are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These rules and regulations
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors and board
committees or as executive officers and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 

We
will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market
price of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate
that our common stock will be a penny stock , and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or
the Penny Stock Rule . This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such
securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to
sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common shares and may affect the ability of
purchasers to sell any of our common shares in the secondary market. 

For
any transaction (other than an exempt transaction) involving a penny stock, the rules require delivery, prior to such transaction,
of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made regarding
sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the securities.
Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

We
do not anticipate that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common
stock is exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC
the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction
would be in the public interest. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit your ability to buy and
sell our common stock, which could depress the price of our shares. 

FINRA
has adopted rules that require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer
before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax
status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high
probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability
to buy and sell our shares, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares, and thereby depress our share price. 

35 

We
may, in the future, issue additional securities, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share
value. 

Our Articles of
Incorporation authorize us to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock including 80,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and
20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of the date hereof, we had 19,400,000 shares
of Class B common stock outstanding and 600,000 shares of Class A common stock. No shares of preferred stock have been issued.
The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing
stockholders. We may value any common stock or preferred stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services
or acquisitions or other corporate actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders,
and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. Our board of directors may designate the rights, terms
and preferences of our authorized but unissued preferred shares at its discretion including conversion and voting preferences without
notice to our stockholders. 

Because
we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common
stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
finance our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any
future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors after considering whether we have generated sufficient
revenues, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and other factors. Accordingly, investors that
are seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

The
dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with certain stockholders, including our
executive officers and directors and their affiliates, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions,
including a change in control. 

Our authorized common stock is divided
into two series, denominated as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Each share of Class
A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to twenty votes per share. Holders
of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of
directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
The stockholders holding shares of Class B common stock collectively beneficially own shares representing in excess of 95 of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock. By virtue of proxies granted to him by the holders of our Class B common stock Weihong
Du controls all of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares of Class B common stock. Because of our dual class structure,
we anticipate that, for the foreseeable future, Mr. Du will continue to be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including the election and removal of directors. Mr. Du may vote in a way which may be adverse to your interests.
This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive
our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately
affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Each
share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. In
addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon any transfer,
whether or not for value. The conversion of shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock will have the effect,
over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long
term, which may primarily include our executive officers and directors. 

36 

Provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-Laws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could deter or prevent
a change in control. 

Certain
provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-Laws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another
person from acquiring control of our company, delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team, board of directors,
governance or policy and could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. These
provisions: include the absence of cumulative voting authorize our board of directors to designate and issue one or more
series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, the terms of which may be determined at the sole discretion of our Board
of Directors and reflect the dual class structure for our common stock. These provisions apply even if the offer may be
considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is
in our best interests and that of our stockholders. 

We
are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could negatively affect your investment. 

In
general, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation
from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved
in a prescribed manner. We elected in our certificate of incorporation to not be subject to the provisions of Section 203. This
may make us more vulnerable to takeovers that are completed without the approval of our board of directors and/or without giving
us the ability to prohibit or delay such takeovers as effectively. 

The
Company is currently a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the national securities exchanges and,
as a result, qualifies for and could rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Our
directors and officers, together with shareholders of Beyebe, currently have beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting
power of our outstanding securities. As a result, we would be considered a controlled company within the meaning
of the corporate governance standards of the national securities exchanges and may be exempt from certain stock exchange corporate
governance requirements, which include (i) the requirement that a majority of the board consists of independent directors, (ii)
the requirement that the Company s nominating and corporate governance committee consists entirely of independent directors
and (iii) the requirement that the Company s compensation committee consists entirely of independent directors. If we were
to elect to be exempt from some or all corporate governance requirements, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders
of companies that are subject to all corporate governance requirements of a national securities exchange. 

As
an issuer of penny stock the protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to forward looking statements
does not apply to us. 

Although
the federal securities law provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under
the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, if we are a penny stock
we will not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any claim that the material provided by us contained
a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include any statements necessary
to make the statements not misleading. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth
company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments, not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five (5)
years from the date we first consummate a public offering of our shares, although we could lose that status sooner if our revenues
exceed 1.235 billion, if we issue more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt in a three (3) year period, or if the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 100,000,000 as of any June 30, in which case we would no longer be an
emerging growth company as of the following June 30. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive
because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

37 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2)
of the JOBS Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Risk
Assessment and Strategy 

We
regularly evaluate cybersecurity risk from computer viruses and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks such as
ransomware, as well as cybersecurity failures resulting from human error and technological errors. Such risks are reviewed by
our management on a periodic basis as deemed appropriate. 

Our
overall strategy in combatting known cybersecurity risks includes a variety of individual tactics, including: 

the
 use of antivirus software, virtual private networks, email security, as well as other software to prevent and detect data
 intrusions. 

the
 deployment of updates and patches as they are available and maintaining the current versions of major software to reduce the
 exposure to vulnerabilities. 

the
 use of third-party service to conduct mandatory online training for all employees regarding identifying and avoiding cyber-security
 risks. 

the
 review of the security procedures used by third parties that may host or otherwise have access to Fuel Tech s data. 

the
 deployment of third-party cyber-security experts to perform penetration testing on our internal and external networks and
 systems in an effort to identify potential vulnerabilities. 

if
 necessary, the use of third-party security experts if and when an incident is detected 

We
are not aware of having experienced any material cybersecurity incidents. We are not aware of any existent cybersecurity threats
that would materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, results of operations or financial
conditions. For more information, please see Cybersecurity under Item 1A Risk Factors above. 

38 

Board
Oversight 

As
the Board of Directors has yet to establish any committees, Management regularly updates our Board regarding Management s
efforts to minimize cybersecurity risks. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain
an office at 100N Barranca Street Suite 460, West Covina CA 91791 at a cost of 3,985 per month pursuant to a lease which terminates
on June 30, 2025. Many of our employees operate remotely and we do not envision having to devote a significant amount of resources
to providing offices to our personnel. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently party to any material legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any claim which might lead to
a material legal or administrative proceeding being commenced against us in the foreseeable future. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Holders 

On December 26, 2024, there were approximately
20 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock and our Class B Common Stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial
owners of those holders of record which are entities which may have more than one record or beneficial owners. 

Dividend
Policy. 

We
have neither declared nor paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings
to finance the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock.
Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then
existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions,
business prospects, and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

All sales of unregistered securities made
by us during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 were previously reported. 

Purchases
of Our Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were
made by us during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

39 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Statements made in this Annual Report
that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements. These statements often can be identified
by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, 
 estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking
statements be subject to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Forward-looking statements contained herein represent management s commercially reasonable
judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors
beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events
and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events. 

Overview 

We were organized by Mr. Weihong Du in
June 2023 to engage in the business of developing, marketing and distributing leading edge software for the detection of faults
and other defects in railroad tracks; the inspection of tunnel walls for stability and providing ancillary monitoring systems related
to the safe operation of railroads and vehicles generally. Mr. Du, the principal stockholder, chairman and president of the Company,
has engaged in the development of software to assist in the detection of faults and other defects in railroad tracks in China for
more than 5 years. 

There are a number of well-established
companies throughout the world which manufacture and operate HiRail trucks, specially equipped rail inspection cars and trucks,
which use a variety of methods such as ultrasound and radiography, to inspect large volumes of rail track to capture data which
can be analyzed to detect faults which could result in an accident. We do not intend to compete in the market for the manufacture
or operation of HiRail trucks. We will focus our efforts on the development of leading-edge software containing advanced methods
of analyzing the data collected to detect railroad track faults. 

Although Mr. Du has had business success
in mainland China, he formed our Company for the purpose of marketing our products outside of mainland China. He believes that
that the opportunities afforded by competitive market economies outside of mainland China exceed the long-term opportunities of
doing business in communist China. Since formation, we have organized a subsidiary in Hong Kong, TP Hong Kong, which in turn organized
a wholly-owned subsidiary in the People s Republic of China SGTCL, hired employees and consultants, including individuals
based in China engaged in the development of our software, filed patent applications and provisional patent applications in the
United States, one related to railway fault detection analysis and the other relating to the monitoring of subway engineers to
increase driver safety, participated in academic conferences, marketing events and exhibitions in the United States and met with
various prospective users of our products. While it is Mr. Du s goal to grow primarily by hiring individuals in the United
States, he chose initially to engage software engineers in China with whom he was familiar to initiate development of our products.
We will continually assess the benefits and possible detriments of relying upon individuals outside of the United States, in particular
within China, in an effort to maximize our returns. 

We do not intend to devote significant
monetary resources or time of our personnel to marketing our products in China. Nevertheless, to enable us to benefit from the
market in China for our products, we entered into a License Agreement with Beyebe wherein we granted Beyebe the right to market
and distribute in mainland China products incorporating our technologies. 

40 

For the immediate future we intend to recruit
additional personnel experienced in the rail maintenance and safety industries, raise capital necessary to expand our operations
and continue to promote our rail transit safety solutions by participating in exhibitions and academic conferences in the United
States and other international markets, establishing business relationships, and conducting testing and trials in these markets. 

In addition to funds spent on our business
activities, during the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related to filing of Exchange Act reports and establishing
appropriate management systems for a public company, including financial systems. 

Results of Operations 

We were incorporated on June 1, 2023. For
the ease of the reader, the discussion set forth below is based upon our results of operations for the sixteen months commencing
June 1, 2023, and ended September 30, 2024, as set forth in our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended September
30, 3024, and the period from establishment date (June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023, contained in this Report. 

Revenue 

We have yet to generate any revenues from
operations. 

O perating Expenses 

During the sixteen months from inception
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2024, we incurred operating expenses of 1,128,889 of which 987,309 was incurred during the year
ended September 30, 2024. Our operating expenses over the sixteen month period consisted of research and development expenses of
 172,584, all of which was incurred during the September 2024 year and general and administrative expenses of 956,305. 

Loss from Operations; Net Loss 

Because we generated no revenue and had
operating expenses of 1,128,889 for the sixteen months from inception to September 30, 2024, we incurred an operating loss of
 1,128,889, which was slightly increase by interest expense, net of other income, resulting in a net loss for the period of 1,136,850,
of which 995,270 was attributed to the September 30, 2024 year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Upon our formation, we received subscriptions
for our shares in the aggregate amount of 10,000 to defray our initial expenses. Our operating expenses to date principally have
been paid with monies borrowed from Beyebe AI, a subsidiary of Beyebe controlled by Mr. Du. On December 31, 2023 (the Execution
Date ), we entered into a Loan Agreement with Beyebe AI wherein it agreed to lend us up to 1,000,000 during the period commencing
on the Execution Date of the Loan Agreement and ending on the third anniversary thereof. All amounts borrowed will bear interest
at the rate of 7.50 per annum and are payable in full on the third anniversary of the Execution Date. All amounts borrowed and
interest accrued thereon are to be repaid on each anniversary of the Execution Date of the Loan Agreement and may immediately be
reborrowed up to the 1,000,000 limit. Any amount not paid on its due date will bear additional interest at the rate of 0.1 per
day. The principal amount due Beyebe AI as of September 30, 2024, was 214,748, together with interest of 14,281. In addition,
during the sixteen months ended September 30, 2024, we accrued liabilities to third parties and to related parties other than Beyebe
and Beyebe AI in the aggregate amount of 301,596. 

41 

To meet our expenses over the next twelve
months we likely will require more than the amount available under our agreement with Beyebe AI. We intend to seek to acquire such
additional amounts, as necessary, through loans from or capital contributions by our stockholders, management or other investors.
We have no specific plans, understandings or agreements with respect to the raising of such funds, and we may seek to raise the
required capital by the issuance of equity or debt securities or by other means. Since we have no such arrangements or plans currently
in effect, our inability to raise funds for the consummation of an acquisition may have a severe negative impact on our ability
to become a viable company. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and
equivalents of 16,507, reflecting amounts previously borrowed from Beyebe AI and not yet applied to operating expenses, and deposits
and other receivables of 5,665 and amounts due from shareholders of 14,446. As of such date, our total liabilities were 1,163,468,
all of which were current liabilities and of which 456,752 was due to Beyebe AI and 405,110 was due to Beyebe. At September 30,
2024, we had a working capital deficit in excess of 1.1 million, reflecting the fact that during the sixteen months from June
1, 2023, to September 30, 2024, we had no revenue and expenses of 1,143,182. These conditions, among others, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to meet our financial requirements, raise additional capital, and the success of our future operations as described above. 

We anticipate incurring a minimum of 750,000
in expenses over the next twelve months and could incur more significant expenses if necessary. In all likelihood we will remain
dependent upon the efforts of Mr. Du and his willingness and that of our principal stockholders to provide the capital necessary
to continue our business and fund our cash needs until we generate meaningful revenues or raise capital from third parties. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the funds necessary to fund our operations until such time as we are generating
positive cash flow or can otherwise fund our operations. If we were to fail to raise the capital necessary to maintain our operations
our business would be adversely affected and our common stock would likely become worthless. 

Cash Flows 

The following is a summary of cash provided
by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the sixteen months ended September 30, 2024. 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(841,084) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

857,591 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash used in operating activities was 841,084
for the sixteen months ended September 30, 2024. The use of cash in our operating activities reflects the fact that we are incurring
expenses to develop our business operations and management organization and had no revenues during this period. It is likely that
our expenses will increase over the immediate future as we continue to expand our operations. 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Cash provided by financing activities was
 857,591 for the sixteen months ended September 30, 2024. The net cash provided by financing activities consisted of advances from
a related party for paying expenses of the Company. We will remain dependent upon advances from related parties to develop our
business until such time as we are generating positive cash flow or can raise debt or equity from third parties. 

Contractual Obligations 

At September 30, 2024, our significant contractual obligations included 456,762 due to Beyebe AI and
 405,110 due to Beyebe and accrued expenses of 301,596 due to third parties. 

42 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any financial
guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts
that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial
statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that
serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity
that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development
services with us. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which were prepared in
accordance with US GAAP. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating
this management discussion and analysis. 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements have been prepared
assuming that we will continue as a going concern. We have yet to generate revenues, incurred aggregate losses of 1,136,850 during
the sixteen months ended September 30, 2024, and as of September 30, 2024, had a working capital deficit in excess of 1.1 million.
These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our capital requirements will depend on
many factors in particular, the speed at which we seek to develop our business, the number of software products we seek to develop
and our ability to generate revenues. In all likelihood we will remain dependent upon the efforts of our principal stockholders
to provide the capital necessary to continue our business and fund our cash needs until we generate meaningful revenues. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the funds necessary to fund our operations until such time as we are generating
positive cash flow. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Basis of Presentations 

Our financial statements are prepared in
accordance with US GAAP and the requirements of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Use of Estimates 

In preparing financial statements in conformity
with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets,
allowance for doubtful accounts, and the reserve for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company follows
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09 (and related amendments subsequently issued in 2016), Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (ASC 606). The core principle underlying FASB ASC 606 is that the Company will recognize revenue to represent the
transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled
in such exchange. This will require the Company identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue should
be recognized at a point in time or over time, based on when control of goods and services transfers to a customer. The Company s
revenue streams are recognized when control of goods and services transfers to a customer. 

43 

FASB ASC Topic
606 requires use of a new five-step model to recognize revenue from customer contracts. The five-step model requires the Company
(i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction
price, including variable consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant future reversal will not occur, (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the respective performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as)
the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The Company derives
its revenues from product sales and professional service contracts with its customers, with revenues recognized upon delivery of
services and products. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is demonstrated via professional service contracts and invoices; and
the service price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the professional services contract. The Company recognizes revenue
when professional service is rendered to the customer and collectability of payment is reasonably assured. These revenues are recognized
at a point in time after all performance obligations are satisfied. Revenue is recognized net of returns and value-added tax charged
to customers. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, to require financial assets carried at amortized cost to be presented at
the net amount expected to be collected based on historical experience, current conditions and forecasts. Subsequently, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, to clarify that receivables arising from operating leases are within
the scope of lease accounting standards. Further, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04, ASU No. 2019-05, ASU 2019-10 and ASU 2019- 11
to provide additional guidance on the credit losses standard. On October 1, 2023, the Group adopted ASU 2016-13 and there was no
cumulative effect of adoption. The adoption did not impact the Group s previously reported consolidated financial statements
nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of October 1, 2023. 

On November 27, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting
(Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. ASU 2023-07 is designed to improve the reportable segment disclosure
requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the CODM.
 All public entities will be required to report segment information in accordance with the new guidance starting in annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Group is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
the standard and does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU
2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. ASU 2023-09 expands existing income tax disclosures
for rate reconciliations by requiring disclosure of certain specific categories and additional reconciling items that meet quantitative
thresholds and expands disclosures for income taxes paid by requiring disaggregation by certain jurisdictions. ASU 2023-09 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Group is currently evaluating
the impact of adopting the standard and does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the SEC
did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future CFS. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements which appears on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president and chief executive officer (who is acting
as our principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (who is acting as our principal financial officer and principle
accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

44 

Our
president and chief executive officer, who is also serving as our chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, our
president/chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2024,
for, among others, the reasons set forth below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting and for the assessment of
the effectiveness of those internal controls. As defined by the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by our principal executive officer/principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment and those criteria, we have concluded that our
internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of Septmber 30, 2024, due to the lack of personnel familiar with
U. S. generally accepted accounting principles, the lack of an oversight committee and the lack of a sufficient number of personnel
to allow for the required segregation of duties. Management will consider the need to add personnel and implement improved review
procedures as we begin to generate positive cash flow. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only
Management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors identified in connection with the evaluation
required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect
all error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within
the Company have been detected. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

45 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
name, age, position and a description of the business experience of each of our executive officers and directors is provided below.
There is no family relationship between or among the executive officers and directors. Our directors are appointed to hold office
until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such
director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by the board, subject to any respective employment agreements. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Weihong Du 
 
 50 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Hong Hu 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Li ou Xie 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Fan Jiang 
 
 55 
 
 Vice President 

Weihong Du 
 Director and Chief Executive
 Officer 

As
the founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Transit Pro Delaware since our inception, Mr. Du has been instrumental in
shaping the strategic vision of the company. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Du served as the Technical Director at the Roche Group in
Hong Kong, a pharmaceutical company, where he led the technology division. From 2004 to 2006 he served as the Vice President of
Technology at Noah s Ark Education Group, an educational service provider. From 2006 to 2008, he served in a similar role
at Lystar Ticketing Group. In January 2009 Mr. Du founded Beyebe, which he continues to lead as Executive Director and General
Manager. Mr. Du holds a master s degree in business administration (MBA) from the University of Wales. Mr. Du s experience
in the development of successful technologies and the leadership roles he has held at various businesses qualify him to serve
as a director of our Company. 

Hong Hu 
 Director 

Mr.
Hu was appointed as a director of Transit Pro in June 2023. Before that, from April 2019 until October 2022, he served as the
Chief Executive Officer of Shenzhen Guangming Group a dairy and biopharmaceuticals company located in Shenzhen. From May 2017
to April 2019, he was the Vice General Manager of OCT North Group, a publicly listed Chinese company primarily engaged in the
tourism, entertainment, and real estate industries (Trading code: SZ00069). From 2002 to May 2017, he progressed through roles
such as General Manager and Regional Manager, culminating as the CEO of the Northwestern Region of Gemdale Group, a real estate
developer based in China (Trading code: SH600383). He holds an MBA from the University of Wales. Mr. Hu s experience in
leadership roles in various industries, including at a publicly listed company qualify him to serve as a director of our Company. 

46 

Li ou Xie 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Xie serves has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2024 and is responsible for all financial functions within
our Company. His extensive background encompasses corporate financial management, tax management, and strategic planning. From
1999 to 2002, he led the finance department at Huizhou Macat Maqi Motorcycle Group. From 2002 to 2006, he served as the finance
manager at Shenzhen Shengmingxing Investment Industry Co., Ltd. From 2007 to 2008, he served as the Chief Financial Officer
at Lystar Ticketing Group. Since 2009, he has been the Chief Financial Officer at Shenzhen Beyebe Internet Technology Co., Limited.
Mr. Xie graduated from Sun Yat-sen University majoring in Finance. 

Fan Jiang 
 Vice President 

Dr.
Jiang joined Transit Pro in June 2023. He serves as a Vice President of our company and is responsible for business development
in the US market. He has been a professor at Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania since 2013. Dr. Jiang has been recognized for
his extensive research on battlefield communication systems and software-defined radio, with his work presented at Princeton University.
He earned his Bachelor s degree in Automatic Control Systems from Central South University in 1989, followed by a Master s
degree in Electrical Engineering in 2001 and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics in 2006, both from the University
of Nebraska - Lincoln. 

All
of our officers and directors reside in California other than Li ou Xie, who resides in Shenzhen. Please refer to the risk
factors included herein for discussion of the difficulties a shareholder would face in seeking to commence and prosecute an action
against Mr. Xie, or in enforcing any judgement that might be rendered against him. 

Board
Composition; Committees 

We
currently have two directors on our Board of Directors and are in the process of recruiting additional individuals to become members
of our Board of Directors. Once we add a sufficient number of additional directors, the Board will establish various committees,
adopt appropriate charters governing the responsibilities of each committee and appoint directors to the committees. Until such
time, the functions to be delegated to committees will be carried out by the Board of Directors. 

Both
of our current directors are significant stockholders of our Company and as a result of proxies granted to him by all of the holders
of our Class B common stock, Mr. Du currently has the right to determine all issues put before our stockholders. Inasmuch as both
of our directors exercise executive level policy making functions for our Company, neither is considered to be an independent
director. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

We have entered into service agreements with Mr. Weihong Du and Mr. Li ou Xie. 

The employment contract with Mr. Du was
effective July 1, 2023, and provides for annual salary of US 60,000. 

SGTCL entered into an engagement agreement
with Mr. Xie effective January 1, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Mr. Xie serves as the financial manager for a term
of three years, concluding December 31, 2026, at a monthly salary and bonus of RMB52,200 (approximately US 7,357). 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information
known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock and our Class B Common Stock as of December 26, 2024 by
(i) each of our directors and executive officers, (ii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group and (iii) each person
known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding Class A common stock or Class B common stock. Except as otherwise
indicated, we believe, based on information provided by each of the individuals named in the table below, that such individuals
have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws, where applicable, and subject
to the proxy granted in favor of Weihong Du, as discussed below. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each of the officers and directors is c/o Transit Pro Tech, Inc., 100 N. Barranca Street,
Suite 460, Covina, California 91791. 

47 

Shares Beneficially Owned 

Class B 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Class
A 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Class
B 
 Common 
Stock 
 Class
A 
 Common 
Stock 
 Aggregate Voting Power 
 Aggregate
Voting Power 
Due to Proxy 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares 
 Shares (1) 
 Percentage of Each Class 
 Number of 
Votes (2) 
 Percentage 
of Votes(2) 
 Number of 
Votes (3) 
 Percentage of 
Votes (3) 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Weihong Du (4), Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 5,086,660 
 157,320 
 26.22 
 26.22 
 101,890,520 
 99.89 
 388,157,380 
 99.8 
 
 Hong Hu, Director (5) 
 3,114,380 
 96,320 
 16.05 
 16.05 
 62,383,920 
 16.05 
 96,320 

Liu Mei Li (4), Secretary and Treasurer 

Li ou Xie (6), Chief Financial Officer 
 1,778,680 
 55,020 
 9.17 
 9.17 
 55,020 
 
 55,020 

Fan Jiang, Vice President 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) 
 9,979,720 
 308,660 
 51.44 
 51.44 
 199,903,060 
 51.44 
 388,600,000 
 99.9 

More than 5 Stockholders 

Hairong Wang(5) 
 3,114,380 
 96,320 
 16.05 
 
 62,383,920 
 16.05 
 96,320 

Feipeng Liang(7) 
 3,757,720 
 116,220 
 19.37 
 
 75,154,400 
 19.37 
 116,220 

Cheng Xu(7) 
 3,757,720 
 116,220 
 19.37 
 
 75,154,400 
 19. 37 
 116,220 

JianHang Xu(7) 
 3,757,720 
 116,220 
 19.37 
 
 75,154,400 
 19. 37 
 116,220 

Jian Lian(7) 
 3,757,720 
 116,220 
 19.37 
 
 75,154,400 
 19. 37 
 116,220 

Xiguang Ye (8) 
 2,117,020 
 65,480 
 10.91 
 
 42,405,880 
 10.91 
 65,480 

Xingyao Cai (9) 
 1,025,280 
 31,700 
 5.28 
 
 20,537,300 
 5.28 
 31,700 

Xiaobo Lu (9) 
 1,025,280 
 31,700 
 5.28 
 
 20,537,300 
 5.28 
 31,700 

Yanqun Cai (9) 
 1,025,280 
 31,700 
 5.28 
 
 20,537,300 
 5.28 
 31,700 

(1)
Each Share of Class B common stock is convertible into one share of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock attributed
to each shareholder do not include shares issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. 

(2)
Attributes to each stockholder the voting power of the Class B common stock owned by the stockholder despite the proxy granted
to Mr. Du. and assumes no Class B common stock attributable to stockholders are converted into shares of Class A common stock. 

(3)
Except in the case of Mr. Du, does not reflect voting power attributed to Class B common stock owned by the stockholder. By virtue
of a proxy granted to Mr. Du, he has 100 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. Each holder of
Class B common stock has given to Mr. Du a proxy to vote or otherwise act with respect to his shares until January 10, 2027, subject
to earlier termination upon the occurrence of certain events or the sale or transfer by a holder of his Class B common stock.
Until such time as a sufficient number of proxies granted to Mr. Du terminate, he will control all actions which may be brought
to stockholders for a vote and can elect all of our directors. 

(4)
Shares attributed to Mr. Du, our Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our Board, are held of record by Kevin Truman La
Co. Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company owned and controlled by Mr. Du. Minjian Chu owns 5 of the outstanding equity of Kevin
Truman La Co. Ltd. and is not an officer or director of Kevin Truman La Co. Ltd. Ms. Li is the spouse of Mr. Du. 

48 

(5)
Shares attributed to Mr. Hu reflect shares beneficially owned by Hairong Wang, the wife of Mr. Hu, as to which he disclaims beneficial
ownership. The record owner of the shares beneficially owned by Ms. Wang are held of record by LJX Co., Ltd. a British Virgin
Islands company owned and controlled by Ms. Wang. 

(6)
Shares attributed to Mr. Xie are held of record by Treasure Tree Co., Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company owned and controlled
by Mr. Xie. 

(7)
Shares attributed to each of Feipeng Lang, Cheng Xu, JianHang Xu and Jian Lian are held of record by WeLink Co. Ltd. All of the
shares held of record by WeLink are attributed to each individual. 

(8)
Shares attributed to Mr. Ye are held of record by Shaning Co., Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company owned and controlled by Mr.
Ye. 

(9)
Shares attributed to each of Xingyao Cai, Xiabo Lu and Yanqun Cai are held of record by Luluxing Invest Co. Ltd. All of the shares
held of record by Luluxing are attributed to each individual. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION 

Related
Party Transactions 

Since the organization of the Company in
June 2023, the Company has not entered into any transaction with any related party where the amount involved was in excess of 120,000
or one percent of the Company s total assets at September 30, 2024, except for the Loan Agreement with Beyebe AI and the
License Agreement between the Company and Beyebe. All of the outstanding equity of Beyebe is owned by the current Shareholders
of Transit Pro Delaware and Beyebe AI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beyebe. 

Pursuant
to the Loan Agreement, entered into in December 2023, Beyebe AI has agreed to lend us up to 1,000,000 during the period commencing
on the Execution Date of the Loan Agreement and ending on the third anniversary thereof. All amounts borrowed will bear interest
at the rate of 7.50 per annum and are payable in full on the third anniversary of the Execution Date. All amounts borrowed and
interest accrued thereon are to be repaid on each anniversary of the Execution Date of the Loan Agreement and may immediately
be reborrowed up to the 1,000,000 limit. Any amount not paid on its due date will bear additional interest at the rate of 0.1 
per day. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, entered into in January 2024, the Company has granted to Beyebe the right to use and grant others a
sublicense to use Company s Licensed Intellectual Property, as such term is defined in the License Agreement, and to use
and sell the Company s Licensed Products, as defined in the License Agreement, within mainland China. In consideration of
the rights granted in the License Agreement, Beyebe is to pay (i) no later than January 15 of each calendar year commencing 2025,
a fixed license fee. The amount of the fixed fee is US 300,000 for the year ending December 31, 2024, and for each year thereafter
will be such amount as is agreed upon by the parties. And (ii) a royalty equal to 15 of the revenue generated by Beyebe from
the distribution of the Licensed Products and Licensed Intellectual Property. The License Agreement has a term which expires on
December 31, 2040. 

In
addition to the above, all of the shareholders of Beyebe have subscribed for Class B common stock of the Company, with each individual
acquiring a percentage of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock equal to the percentage of his holdings in the outstanding
equity of Beyebe. Mr. Du, Ms. Hairong Wang, the spouse of Mr. Hu, and Mr. Xie, respectively, acquired 262,199; 160,535 and 91,685
shares of our Class B common stock, in each case, at a price of USD 0.01 per share. 

In
support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that
the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing.
There is no formal written commitment for continued support by officers, directors, or shareholders. Amounts represent advances
or amounts paid in satisfaction of liabilities. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized by
a promissory note. 

49 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our current independent registered public
accounting firm is Yu Certified Public Accountant, P. C. We engaged Yu Certified Public Accountant, P. C on October, 2023. The
following table shows its fees for audit and other services in relation to our September 30, 2024 and 2023 fiscal years: 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit service: 
 40,128 
 25,000 
 
 Audited related services: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax service: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 40,128 
 25,000 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (Incorporated by reference to Form 10 filed July 1, 2024, as amended). 

10.1 
 
 Loan Agreement made in December 2023, between the Registrant and Beyebe AI Technology Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

10.2 
 
 License Agreement made in January 2024, between the Registrant and Shenzhen Beyebe Internet Technology Co. Limited (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

10.3 
 
 Employment Contract dated July 1, 2023, between the Registrant and Weihing Du (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

10.4 
 
 Temporary Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2023, between the Registrant and Jiang Fan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

10.5 
 
 Agreement dated January 1, 2024, between Shenzhen Guantu Technology Co., Limited and Li ou Xie (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 10 filed July 1, 2024). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of the Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished Herewith 

50 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

T ransit
 Pro Tech Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Weihong Du 

Weihong Du 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Weihong Du 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Weihong Du 

/s/
 Hong Hu 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Hong Hu 

/s/
 Li ou Xie 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 27, 2024 

51 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report
 Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1
 - F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from
 establishment date (June 1, 2023) to 2023 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-21 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Transit
Pro Tech Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Transit Pro Tech Inc. (a Delaware corporation), and its subsidiary
(collectively referred as the Group as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statement of operations,
consolidated statement of shareholders' deficit, and consolidated statement of cash flows, for the year ended September 30, 2024,
and the period from establishment date (June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Group as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows, for the year ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from establishment date (June 1, 2023) to September
30, 2023, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Group will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has continued to incur losses, and it has yet to generate favorable
working capital. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Group's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Group s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

F- 1 

Basis
for Opinion (continued) 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. The Group is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

(PCAOB
ID: 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

December
27, 2024 

F- 2 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 

US 
 US 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deposit and other receivables, net 

Amount due from
 shareholders, net 

Total current assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Amount due to related
 parties 

Total current liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Shareholders 
 deficit 

Common stock- par value, 
 authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders 
 deficit 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders deficit 

F- 3 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

For
 the year ended 
 September
 30, 2024 
 For
 the period from 
 Establishment
 Date (June 1, 
 2023)
 to September 30, 2023 

US 
 US 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross losses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development
 expenses 

Operating losses 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes expense 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 losses 

Loss per share 

Basic
 and diluted 

Weighted average number of ordinary
 shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted 

F- 4 

TRANSIT
 PRO TECH INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

Common
 stock 
 Paid
 in capital 
 Subscription 
 Receivables 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 Total 

US 
 US 
 US 
 US 
 US 
 
 As of establishment date (June 1, 2023) 

Issuance
 of common stock 

Net losses for the period 

As of September 30, 2023 

Proceeds from shareholders 

Net losses for
 the year 

As of September
 30, 2024 

F- 5 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

For
 the year ended September 30, 2024 
 For
 the period from 
 Establishment
 Date (June 1, 
 2023)
 to September 30, 2023 

US 
 US 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

Loss before income
 taxes 

Interest expense 

Allowance for credit losses 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Increase in deposit and other receivables 

Amount due from shareholders 

Increase in accrued
 expenses and other payables 

Net
 cash used from operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from shareholders 

Amount due to related
 parties 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash
 and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures
 of cash flow information: 

Tax paid 

Interest paid 

F- 6 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

 , which was not adequate for operations in the 2024 fiscal year and financing was needed. 

These
factors raise substantial doubt about the Group s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from
the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

Management s
plan to alleviate the substantial doubt about the Group s ability to continue as a going concern includes attempting to
improve its business profitability and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow from its operations to meet its operating
needs on a timely basis. The management plan does not alleviate the substantial doubt about the Group s ability to continue
as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in achieving its strategic plans or that the Group s
future capital raises will be sufficient to support its ongoing operations. If the Group is unable to raise sufficient financing
or events or circumstances occur such that the Group does not meet its strategic plans, the Group s related party would
need to provide financial support to the Group to fund operations and meet its obligations as they come due within one year from
the date these consolidated financial statements are issued. 

If
the Group does not achieve revenue anticipated in its current operating plan, management has the ability to and has indicated
it will reduce operating expenses or raise more capital or debt as necessary. The Group s long-term success is dependent
upon its ability to successfully raise additional capital, market its existing services, increase revenues, and, ultimately, to
achieve profitable operations. 

The
Group s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

Shenzhen
 Guantu Technology Co., Limited (the SGTCL 
 of China 

and amount due from shareholders of were within one year
and were classified as balances with low risk. 

Balance
 at end of the year 

Balance
 at end of the year 

The
carrying amounts of deposit and other receivables and amount due from shareholders are reduced by an allowance to reflect the
expected credit losses. 

Others 

Less:
 allowance for credit losses 

Total
 deposit and other receivables, net 

F- 15 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

Accrued
 salary expenses 

Other
 payables and accrued expenses 

Total
 accrued expenses and other payables 

Operating
lease costs for the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment Date (June 1, 2023) to September 30,2023,
were nil , which excluded cost of short-term contracts. Rental expenses related to a short-term lease contract for the year ended
September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment Date (June 1, 2023) to September 30,2023, were and , respectively. 

shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 
per share, authorized and available to issue for purposes of capital financing, consisting of (a) shares of class A
common stock, (b) shares of class B common stock, (c) shares of preferred stock. 

On
June 6, 2023, a shareholder had subscribed shares of the Class B common stock of the Company, at a price of US per share,
an aggregate of US . As of September 30, 2023, the amount was recorded as a subscription receivable, which was received subsequent
during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

On
September 29, 2023, shareholders had subscribed for a total of an additional shares of the Class B common stock of the
Company, at a price of US per share, an aggregate of US . As of September 30, 2023, the amount was recorded as a subscription
receivable, which was received subsequent during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had issued and outstanding shares of common stock with total value of US which
was presented in the Group s consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment
Date (June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023, no preferred stock was issued and n o common stock and preferred stock were converted. 

F- 17 

TRANSIT
PRO TECH INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the year ended September 30, 2024 and the period from Establishment 

 Date
(June 1, 2023) to September 30, 2023 

 at an interest rate of per annum. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance under this loan agreement was US , with interest payable to BEYEBE of US . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Group had entered into a License and Supply Agreement License Agreement with Shenzhen Beyebe Internet Technology Co. Limited SZ BEYEBE ), a related party under same shareholder, Weihong
Du s control of the Group. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, the Group granted to SZ BEYEBE the right to use
and grant others a sublicense to use the Group s Licensed Intellectual Property, as such term is defined in the License
Agreement, and to use and sell the Group s Licensed Products, as defined in the License Agreement, within mainland China,
at a consideration of (i) a fixed license fee of US for the first year and (ii) a royalty equal to 15 of the revenue
generated by SZ BEYEBE from the distribution of the Licensed Products and Licensed Intellectual Property. The fixed license fee
for each year thereafter will be such amount as is agreed upon by the parties. The License Agreement has a term which expires
on . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the rights to the Group s intellectual properties had not yet been transferred to SZ
BEYEBE, and thus there was no fixed fee license revenue and royalty revenue arising from the License Agreement. 

Weihong
Du, one of the shareholders of the Group, entered into an employment contract with the Company. Pursuant to the employment contract
date July 1, 2023, Mr. Du is entitled to an annual salary of US for being the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

-
 Interest expense 
 
 - 

Shenzhen
 Beyebe Internet Technology Co. Limited SZ BEYEBE 

-
 Rental expense 

Weihong
 Du 

-
 Payroll expense 

Li ou
 Xie 

-
 Payroll expense 

Li ou
 Xie 

Less:
 allowance for credit losses 

Total
 amount due from shareholders, net 

BEYEBE 

SZ
 BEYEBE 

Total
 amount due to related parties 

Stock
split 

 On
October 8, 2024, 

Increase
in authorized stock 

 In
October 2024, the Company had filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Office of the Secretary of State of Delaware to effective
an increase in the Company s authorized shares of capital stock to shares each with a par value of 
per
share, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock, shares of Class B Common Stock and shares
of preferred stock. 

F- 21 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 g084614_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage Ownership 

Transit Pro Tech, Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 100 

Shenzhen Guantu Technology Co. Limited 
 
 Shenzhen, PRC 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 g084614_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Of The Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Weihong Du, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Transit Pro Tech Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

6. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
 controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation,
 including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Weihong Du 

Weihong Du 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 g084614_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Of The Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Li ou Xie, certify that: 

1.
 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Transit Pro Tech Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a.
 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

6.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
 controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation,
 including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Li ou Xie 

Li ou Xie 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 g084614_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Transit Pro Tech Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Weihong Du, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Weihong Du 

Weihong Du 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 g084614_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Transit Pro Tech Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Li ou Xie,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Li ou Xie 

Li ou Xie 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0002016167-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0002016167-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0002016167-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0002016167-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

