<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241231_10-K_edgar_data_72633_0000072633-24-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>227407</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>157413</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>55631</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000072633-24-000018.hdr.sgml : 20241231
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241231102325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000072633-24-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241231

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000072633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL ROYALTY TRADERS [6792]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				222084119
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08245
		FILM NUMBER:		241591487

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 187
		STREET 2:		5 N. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			KEENE
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327414008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 187
		STREET 2:		5 N. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			KEENE
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03431

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000072633-24-000018.txt : 20241231

10-K
 1
 tenk2024.htm

North European Oil Royalty Trust 10-K 

UNITED STATES
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 [X] ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024 or 
 [ ] 
 TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
For the transition period from to
 . 

 Commission file number
 1-8245 
 NORTH EUROPEAN OIL
ROYALTY TRUST 
 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware 
 
 22-2084119 

 State
or Other Jurisdiction of 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

 of Incorporation
or Organization 

5 N. Lincoln Street, Keene, N.H. 
 03431 

Address of Principal Executive Offices 
 Zip Code 

(732) 741-4008 
 
 (Registrant's telephone
number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of each
class 
 Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered Units
of Beneficial Interest NRT 
 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes No X

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Act. Yes No X

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes X
 
No ___ 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes X 
No ___ 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated
filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
Accelerated filer 

 Non-accelerated filer 
 X 
Smaller reporting company X 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of
the Exchange Act 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of
the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b))
by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the
financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant
to Section 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
 Yes ___ 	No X 

 On April 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by
reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold was
 65,904,598. 

 As of December 31, 2024, there were 9,190,590 units
of beneficial interest ("units") of the registrant outstanding. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Items 10, 11 12, 13 and 14 of Part III have been partially
or wholly omitted from this report and the information required to be
contained therein is incorporated by reference from the registrant's
definitive proxy statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting to be held on
February 26, 2025. 
 _______________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business
 
 1 

 Items 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 4 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 4 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 7 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for
Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 
 8 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 8 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 8 

Items 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 
 14 

 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 
 15 

Item 9. 
 Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 

Item 12. 
 Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 

Item 13. 
 Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
 29 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees
and Services 
 29 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules 
 30 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 30 

Signatures 
 
 31 

Exhibit Index 
 32 

PART I 

 Item 1. 
 Business . 

 (a) General Development
of Business . North European Oil Royalty Trust (the
"Trust") is a grantor trust which, on behalf of the owners of
units of beneficial interest in the Trust (the "unit owners"), holds
overriding royalty rights covering gas and oil production in certain
concessions or leases in the Federal Republic of Germany. The rights
are held under contracts with local German exploration and development
subsidiaries of ExxonMobil Corp. ("ExxonMobil") and the Royal
Dutch/Shell Group of Companies ("Royal Dutch/Shell Group"). Under
these contracts, the Trust receives various percentage royalties on
the proceeds of the sales of certain products from the areas involved.
At the present time, royalties are received for sales of gas well
gas, oil well gas, crude oil, condensate and sulfur. See Item 2 of
this annual report on Form 10-K (this "Report") for descriptions of the
relationships of these companies and certain of these contracts. 

 The royalty rights were
received by the Trust from North European Oil Company (the "Company")
upon dissolution of the Company in September 1975. The Company was
organized in 1957 as the successor to North European Oil Corporation
(the "Corporation"). The Trust is administered by trustees (the
"Trustees") under an Agreement of Trust dated September 10, 1975, as
amended (the "Trust Agreement"). 

 Neither the Trust nor the
Trustees on behalf of the Trust conduct any active business activities
or operations. The function of the Trustees is to monitor, verify,
collect, hold, invest and distribute the royalty payments made to the
Trust. Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustees make quarterly
distributions of the net funds received by the Trust on behalf of
the unit owners, after making provisions to cover future anticipated
expenses. Funds temporarily held by the Trust prior to their
distribution are invested in an interest bearing money market account. 

 There has been no significant
change in the principal operation or purpose of the Trust during the
past fiscal year. 

 As part of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 ("SOX"), the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
adopted rules implementing legislation concerning governance matters
for publicly held entities. The Trust is complying with the
requirements of the SEC and SOX and, at this time, the Trustees have
chosen not to request any relief from those provisions based on the
passive nature of the Trust but may do so in the future. Accordingly,
the Trustees have directed that certain of the additional
statements and disclosures set forth or incorporated by reference in
this Report, which the SEC requires of corporations, be made even
though such statements and disclosures might not now or in
the future be required to be made by the Trust. 

 In addition, the New York
Stock Exchange (the "NYSE"), where units of beneficial interest of
the Trust are listed for trading, has additional corporate governance
rules as set forth in Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual.
Most of the governance requirements promulgated by the NYSE are not
applicable to the Trust, which is a passive entity acting as a
royalty trust and holding only overriding royalty rights. The Trustees
have, however, chosen to form an Audit Committee and a
Compensation Committee but may not necessarily continue to do so in
the future. 

 (b) Narrative
Description of Business . Under the Trust Agreement,
the Trust conducts no active business operations and is restricted
to collection of income from royalty rights and distribution to unit
owners of the net income after payment of current administrative and
related expenses and making provisions for future anticipated
expenses.. 

 The overriding royalty
rights held by the Trust are derived from contracts and agreements
originally entered into by German subsidiaries of the predecessor
Corporation during the early 1930s. The Trust's primary royalty
rights are based on a government granted concession and remain in
effect as long as there are continued production activities and/or
exploration efforts within the concession. It is generally
anticipated that production activities will continue as long as
they remain economically profitable. The Trust holds other royalty
rights, which are based on
leases which have passed their original expiration dates. These
leases remain in effect as long as there is continued production or
the lessor does not cancel the lease. Individual lessors will
normally not seek termination of the rights originally granted
because the leases provide for royalty payments to the lessors if
sales of oil or gas result from discoveries made on the leased
land. Additionally, termination by individual lessors would result
in the escheat of mineral rights to the applicable state. 

 Royalties are paid to the
Trust on sales from production under these leases and concessions on a
regular monthly or quarterly basis pursuant to the royalty agreements.
The Trust receives the royalty payments exclusively in Euros. After
the royalties have been deposited in the Trust's account with
Deutsche Bank in Germany, sufficient funds are reserved to handle any
outstanding or anticipated expenses and maintain a minimal balance of
12,000 Euros. The Trust then converts the remainder of Euro
denominated funds into United States ("U.S.") dollars based upon the
available exchange rates. Following this
conversion to U.S. dollars, the royalties are transferred
to the Trust's bank account in the U.S. The Trust does not engage in
activities to hedge against currency risk, and the fluctuations in the
conversion rate impact its financial results. Since the
actual royalty deposits are held as Euros for such a limited time, the
market risk with respect to these deposits is small. The Trust has not
experienced any difficulty in effecting the conversion of Euros into
U.S. dollars. 

 As the holder of overriding
royalty rights, the Trust has no legal ability, whether by contract or
operation of law, to compel production or exploration. Moreover, if
an operator should determine to terminate production in any concession
or lease area and to surrender the concession or lease, the royalty
rights for that area would thereby be terminated. Under certain
royalty agreements, it is a requirement that the Trust be advised of
any intention to surrender lease or concession rights. While the
Trust itself is precluded from undertaking any production activities,
possible residual rights might permit the Trust to take up a
surrendered concession or lease and attempt to retain a third-party
operator to develop such concession or lease. There is no assurance
that the Trust could find such a third party and no effort has been
undertaken to identify such third parties. 

 The exploration for and the
production of gas and oil is a speculative business. The Trust has no
means of ensuring continued income from its royalty rights at either
their present levels or otherwise. The Trust has no role in any of
the operating companies' decision-making processes, such as gas
pricing, gas sales or exploration, which can impact royalty income.
In addition, fluctuations in prices and supplies of gas and oil and
the effect these fluctuations might have on royalty income payable to
the Trust and on reserves attributable to the Trust's royalty
interests cannot be accurately
projected. Finally, natural gas and crude oil are wasting assets.
While known reserves may increase as additional development adds
quantities to the reserve amount, the amount of known and unknown
reserves is finite and will decline over time. 

 While Germany has laws
relating to environmental protection, the Trustees do not have
detailed information concerning the present or possible effect of
such laws on operations in areas where the Trust holds royalty
rights on production and sale of products from those areas. In
2016, a law was passed in Germany prohibiting fracking of
unconventional reservoirs. Fracking of conventional reservoirs,
including sandstone, is permitted subject to drilling permits as
well as State and Federal laws. Based upon an analysis of the
details of this law, the Trust's German consultant has informed
the Trust that fracking will be permitted in all current productive
zones within the Oldenburg concession (as defined below) both due
to the depths involved and the nature of the productive zones.
Within the Oldenburg concession, fracking was used in the
Carboniferous zone and once in the Zechstein zone, but has not been
used in the Bunter zone. 

 The Trust, in cooperation
with a parallel royalty owner (Unitarian Universalist Congregation
at Shelter Rock)("UUCSR")), arranges for periodic examinations of
the books and records of the operating companies to verify
compliance with the computation provisions of the applicable
agreements. As a cost savings measure, the royalty examination is
conducted on a biennial basis. From time to time, these
examinations disclose computational errors or errors from
inappropriate application of existing agreements and appropriate
adjustments are requested to be made. As a result of the
amendments to the Trust's royalty agreements which effect pricing
simplification (see Item 7 of this Report), examinations by the
Trust's German accountants have been simplified since these
examinations are primarily limited to the verification of the gas
quantities sold. Although these periodic examinations may also
disclose other matters that are subject to dispute between the
parties, these disputes have historically been resolved through
negotiations without the need for litigation. The Trust's
accountants in Germany will begin their examination of the
operating companies for calendar years 2023 and 2024 in October
2025 when the final sales figures and the German Border Import gas
Prices (see Item 7 of this Report) will both be available. 

 (c) Financial
Information about Geographic Areas . In Item 2 of this
Report, there is a schedule (by product, geographic area, and
operating company) showing the royalty income received by the Trust
during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024. 

 (d) Information
about our Trustees and Executive Officers . As
specified in the Trust Agreement, the affairs of the Trust are
managed by not more than five individual Trustees who receive
compensation determined under that same agreement. 

 One Trustee
is designated as Managing Trustee. Nancy J. Floyd Prue has served
in a non-executive capacity as Managing Trustee since March 13, 2023.
Ahron H. Haspel is independent and has been determined to be a
financial expert (both as defined in the SEC rules). Mr. Haspel
serves as Chairman for the Audit and Compensation Committees.
Lawrence A. Kobrin serves as Clerk to the Trustees. For these
services, each of these three individuals receives additional
compensation. Andrew S. Borodach and Richard P. Howard were
appointed as Trustees on October 1, 2024. 

 Day-to-day matters are
handled by the Managing Director, John R. Van Kirk, who also serves
as CEO and CFO. Mr. Van Kirk has held the position of
Managing Director of the Trust since November 1990. In addition
to the Managing Director, the Trust has one administrative employee
in the U.S., whose title is Administrator. The number of total
employees of the Trust is two, and the number of full-time employees
is two. 

 The Trust and UUCSR have
retained the services of a consultant, an accounting firm, and a
legal firm in Germany. The consultant has broad experience in the
petroleum industry and provides reports on a regular basis. The
accounting firm reviews the royalty payments by the operating
companies on a biennial basis. The Trust and the co-royalty holder
regularly share the costs of the consulting and accounting services
in Germany. The legal firm advises and represents as needed. 

 (e) Available
Information . The Trust maintains a website at
http://www.neort.com. The Trust's Annual Reports, Form 10-K annual
reports, Form 10-Q quarterly reports and the Definitive Proxy
Statements are available through the Trust's website as soon as
reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with or furnished
to the SEC. Press releases and tax letters are available through the
website as soon as practicable after release. The North European
Oil Royalty Trust Agreement (as amended), the Trust's Code of
Conduct and Business Ethics, the Trustees' Regulations and the
Trust's Audit Committee Charter are also available through the
Trust's website. The Trust's website and the information contained
in it and connected to it shall not be deemed incorporated by
reference into this Report. 

 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors . 

 Not applicable. 

 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments . 

 None 

 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity. . 

 The Trust is a grantor
trust, conducts no active operations, has no
customers, and maintains no personal or credit data. The Trust's
processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks
from cybersecurity threats are tailored to its specific circumstances.
The Trust's cybersecurity protocols include, but are not limited to,
programs with built-in technological features to prevent disruptions
and intrusions, and isolated computer workstations. The Trust's
personnel are aware of the potential of a cybersecurity incident and
exercise caution to ensure no such incident occurs. The primary
entities with which the Trust conducts business are banks, outside
service providers, and vendors, which have their own cybersecurity
protocols. Interactions between the Trust's information facilities
and outside vendors or service providers involves a combination of
passwords, passphrases, and two-factor or independent authorizations. 

 There have been no known
cybersecurity incidents that have had a material impact, have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the
Trust, including its business strategy, results of operations, or
financial condition. 

 The Managing Director
oversees the Trust's cybersecurity protocols and conducts regular
discussions and reviews of such protocols with the Trust's Board of
Trustees. 

 Item 2. 
 Properties . 

 The properties of the Trust,
which the Trust and Trustees hold pursuant to the Trust Agreement on
behalf of the unit owners, are overriding royalty rights on sales of
gas, sulfur and oil under a concession in the Federal Republic of
Germany (the "Oldenburg concession"). The Oldenburg concession,
covering approximately 1,386,000 acres, is located in the German
federal state of Lower Saxony, and is the area from which natural gas,
sulfur and oil are extracted. The Oldenburg concession currently
provides essentially 100 of all the royalties received by the Trust.
The Oldenburg concession is held by Mobil Erdgas-Erdol GmbH ("Mobil
Erdgas"), a German operating subsidiary of ExxonMobil, and by
Oldenburgische Erdolgesellschaft ("OEG"). As a result of direct and
indirect ownership, ExxonMobil owns two-thirds of OEG and the Royal
Dutch/Shell Group of Companies owns
one-third of OEG. BEB Erdgas und Erdol GmbH ("BEB"), a joint venture
in which ExxonMobil and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group each own 50 ,
administers the concession held by OEG. In 2002, Mobil Erdgas and
BEB formed ExxonMobil Production Deutschland GmbH ("EMPG") to carry
out all exploration, drilling, and production activities. All sales
activities upon which the calculation of royalties is based are still
handled by either Mobil Erdgas or BEB (the "operating companies") 

 Under one set of rights
covering the western part of the Oldenburg concession (approximately
662,000 acres), the Trust receives a royalty payment of 4 on gross
receipts from sales by Mobil Erdgas of gas well gas, oil well gas,
crude oil and condensate (the "Mobil Agreement"). Under the Mobil
Agreement, royalties from gas well gas and oil well gas
together account for approximately 99 of all the royalties under
said agreement. Historically, the Trust has received significantly
greater royalty payments under the Mobil Agreement (as compared to
the OEG Agreement described below) due to the higher royalty rate
specified by that agreement. 

 Under another set of rights
covering the entire Oldenburg concession and pursuant to the agreement
with OEG, the Trust receives royalties at the rate of 0.6667 on gross
receipts from sales by BEB of gas well gas, oil well gas, crude oil,
condensate and sulfur (removed during the processing of sour gas) less
a certain allowed deduction of costs (the "OEG Agreement"). Under the
OEG Agreement, 50 of the field handling and treatment costs as
reported for state royalty purposes are deducted from the gross sales
receipts prior to the calculation of the royalty to be paid to the
Trust. 

 The Trust is also entitled
under an agreement with Mobil Erdgas to receive a 2 royalty on gross
receipts of sales of sulfur obtained as a by-product of sour gas
produced from the western part of Oldenburg (the "Mobil Sulfur
Agreement"). The payment of the sulfur royalty is conditioned upon
sales of sulfur by Mobil Erdgas at a selling price above an agreed-upon
base price. This base price is adjusted annually by an inflation index.
When the average quarterly selling price falls below the indexed base
price, no sulfur royalties are paid by Mobil Erdgas. Sulfur royalties,
including prior years' corrections, paid under the Mobil Agreement
totaled 154,599 and 34,586 during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 There are two types of
natural gas found within the Oldenburg concession, sweet gas and sour
gas. Sweet gas has little or no contaminants and needs very minor
treatment before it can be sold. Sour gas, in comparison, must be
processed at the Grossenkneten desulfurization plant which commenced
operations in 1972. The desulfurization process removes hydrogen
sulfide and other contaminants before the clean gas can be sold. The
hydrogen sulfide in gaseous form is converted to sulfur in a solid
form and sold separately. 

 EMPG decommissioned one of
the remaining two sulfur processing units ("trains"). The
decommissioning was conducted during May-July 2023. The plant is
subject to an ongoing schedule of inspections which may result in
shutdowns while required repairs are conducted. Full operation of the
remaining train is approximately 200 million cubic feet ("MMcf") per
day following the shutdown. It is expected that the single train will
be sufficient to handle sour gas production through-put from the
concession. It is also expected that operating expenses in the future
may be reduced by this measure. Since sour gas accounts for 71 of
overall gas sales and 97 of western gas sales, any future shutdown of
the remaining train could significantly impact royalty income. The Trust
has insufficient data to predict whether, when and to what extent any
future shutdown may occur. 

 The following is a schedule
of royalty income for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024 by product,
geographic area and operating company: 

By Product: 

Product 
 Royalty
Income 

Gas Well and Oil Well Gas 
 
 5,456,698 

Sulfur 
 283,259 

Oil 
 45,346 

By Geographic
Area: 

 Area
 
 Royalty
Income 

Western Oldenburg 
 4,691,744 

Eastern Oldenburg 
 1,093,542 

Non-Oldenburg Areas 
 17 

By Operating
Company: 

 Company 
 Royalty Income 

Mobil Erdgas (under the Mobil Agreement) 
 4,234,142 

BEB (under the OEG Agreement) 
 1,551,161 

Exhibit 99.1 to this Report
is a report entitled Calculation of Cost Depletion Percentage for
the 2024 Calendar Year Based on the Estimate of Remaining Proved
Producing Reserves in the Northwest Basin of the Federal Republic of
Germany as of October 1, 2024 (the "Cost Depletion Report"). The
Cost Depletion Report, dated December 5, 2024, was prepared by
Graves & Co. Consulting, LLC, 1800 West Loop South, Suite 750,
Houston, Texas 77027 ("Graves & Co."). Graves & Co. is an
independent petroleum and natural gas consulting organization
specialized in analyzing hydrocarbon reserves.

The Cost Depletion Report
provides documentation supporting the calculation of the cost
depletion percentage for the 2024 calendar year based on the use of
certain production data and the estimated net proved producing
reserves as of October 1, 2024 for the primary area in which the
Trust holds overriding royalty rights. In order to permit timely
filing of the Cost Depletion Report and consistent with the practice
of the Trust in prior years, the information has been prepared for
the 12-month period ended September 30, 2024. While this is one
month prior to the end of the fiscal year of the Trust, the
information available for production and sales through the end of
September is the most complete information available at a date
early enough to permit the timely preparation of the various
reports required. Unit owners are referred to the full text of the
Cost Depletion Report contained herein for further details. 

 The cost depletion percentage
is prepared by Graves & Co. for the Trust's unit owners for tax
reporting purposes. The cost depletion percentage in that report for
calendar 2024 is 10.0543 . Specific details relative to the Trust's
income and expenses and cost depletion percentage as they apply to
the calculation of taxable income for the 2024 calendar year are
included on removable pages in the 2024 Annual Report. Additionally,
the tax reporting information for 2024 is available on the Trust's
website, http://www.neort.com/tax-letters.html. 

 The primary purpose of the
Cost Depletion Report is the preparation of the cost depletion
percentage for use by unit owners in their own tax reporting. The
only information provided to the Trust that can be utilized in the
calculation of the cost depletion percentage is current and
historical production and sales of proved producing reserves. For
the western half of the Oldenburg concession, the Trust receives
quarterly production and sales information on a well-by-well basis.
For the eastern half of the Oldenburg concession, the Trust receives
cumulative quarterly production and sales information on two general
areas. These general areas encompass numerous fields with varying
numbers of wells. Pursuant to the arrangements under which the
Trust holds royalty rights and the fact that the Trust is not
considered an operating company within Germany, the Trust has no
access to the operating companies' proprietary information
concerning producing field reservoir data. The Trustees have been
advised by their German counsel that publication of such information
is not required under applicable law in Germany and that the royalty
rights do not grant the Trust the right to require or compel the
release of such information. Efforts to obtain such
information from the operating companies have not been successful.
The information made available to the Trust by the operating
companies does not include any of the following: reserve estimates,
capitalized costs, production cost estimates, revenue projections,
producing field reservoir data (including pressure data, permeability,
porosity and thickness of producing zone) or other similar
information. While the limited information available to the Trust
permits the calculation of the cost depletion percentage, it does not
change the uncertainty with respect to the estimate of proved
producing reserves. In addition, it is impossible for the Trust or
its consultant to make estimates of proved undeveloped or probable
future net recoverable oil and gas by appropriate geographic
areas. 

 The Trust has the
authority to examine, but only for certain limited purposes, the
operating companies' sales and production from the royalty areas.
Both Graves & Co. and the Trustees believe the use of the material
available is appropriate and suitable for preparation of the cost
depletion percentage and the estimates described in the Cost Depletion
Report. The Trustees and Graves & Co. believe this report and these
estimates to be reasonable and appropriate but assume that these
estimates may vary from statistical estimates which could be made
if complete reservoir production information were available. The
limited information available makes it inappropriate to make
projections or estimates of proved or probable reserves of any
category or class other than the estimated net proved producing
reserves described in the Cost Depletion Report. 

 Attachment A of the Cost
Depletion Report shows a schedule of estimated net proved producing
reserves of the Trust's royalty properties, computed as of
October 1, 2024 and a five-year schedule of gas, sulfur and oil
sales for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, 2023, 2022,
2021 and 2020 computed from quarterly sales reports of operating
companies received by the Trust during such periods. 

 Item 3. Legal
Proceedings . 

 The Trust is not a party
to, and no Trust property is the subject of, any pending legal
proceedings. 

 Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures . 

 Not Applicable. 

PART II 

 Item 5. Market
for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

 None. 

 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] . 

 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations
 . 

 Executive Summary 

 The Trust is a passive fixed
investment trust which holds overriding royalty rights, receives
income under those rights from certain operating companies, pays
its expenses and distributes the remaining net funds to its unit
owners. As mandated by the Trust Agreement, distributions of income
are made on a quarterly basis. These distributions, as determined
by the Trustees, constitute substantially all the funds on hand
after provision is made for the Trust's anticipated expenses. 

 The Trust does not engage in
any business or extractive operations of any kind in the areas over
which it holds royalty rights and is precluded from engaging in such
activities by the Trust Agreement. There are no requirements,
therefore, for capital resources for capital
expenditures or investments in order to continue the receipt of
royalty revenues by the Trust. 

 The properties of the Trust
are described in Item 2. Properties of this Report. Of particular
importance with respect to royalty income are the two royalty
agreements, the Mobil Agreement and the OEG Agreement. The Mobil
Agreement covers gas sales from the western part of the Oldenburg
concession. The Trust has traditionally received the majority of its
royalty income under the Mobil Agreement due to the higher
royalty rate of 4 . The OEG Agreement covers gas sales from
the entire Oldenburg concession but the royalty rate of 0.6667 is
significantly lower and gas royalties have been correspondingly
lower. 

 The operating companies pay
royalties to the Trust based on their sales of natural gas,
sulfur and oil. Of these three products, natural gas provided
approximately 94 of the total royalties in fiscal 2024. The amount
of royalties paid to the Trust is primarily based on four factors:
the amount of gas sold, the price of that gas, the area from which
the gas is produced and the exchange rate. For purposes of the royalty
calculations, the determination of the gas price is explained in
detail in the following three paragraphs. 

 On August 26, 2016, the
Mobil and OEG Agreements were amended to establish a new base to
determine gas prices for the calculation of the Trust's royalties.
This new base is set as the state assessment base for natural gas
used by the operating companies in their calculation of royalties
payable to the State of Lower Saxony. This change reflects a shift
to the prices calculated for the German Border Import gas Price
("GBIP"). The average combined totals of the GBIP for the relevant
three-month period are used to provide an average gas price for the
quarter. This average gas price is increased by 1 and 3 per the
terms of the Mobil and OEG Royalty Agreements and is used by the
operators to calculate the royalties payable to the Trust for a
given quarter. 

 The change to the GBIP has
reduced the scope and cost of the accounting examination, eliminated
ongoing disputes with OEG and Mobil regarding sales to related
parties, and reduced prior year adjustments to the normally
scheduled year-end reconciliation. The pricing basis has also
eliminated certain costs that were previously deductible prior to
the royalty calculation under the OEG Agreement. 

 On approximately the 25th
of the months of January, April, July and October, the operating
companies calculate the volume of gas sold during the previous
calendar quarter. This volume of gas sold is then multiplied by
the average adjusted GBIP available at that time. The respective
royalty amount is divided into thirds and forms the monthly royalty
payments to the Trust for the Trust's upcoming fiscal quarter. When
the operating companies determine the actual amount of royalties that
were payable for the prior calendar quarter, they also look at the
actual amount of royalties that were paid to the Trust for that
period and calculate the difference between what was paid and what
was payable. Positive adjustments are paid immediately and any
negative adjustments are deducted from the next royalty payment.
In September of the succeeding calendar year, the operating
companies make the final determination of any necessary royalty
adjustments for the prior calendar year with a positive or negative
adjustment made accordingly. 

 For unit owners, changes in
the U.S. dollar value of the Euro have an immediate impact. This
impact occurs at the time the royalties, which are paid to the
Trust in Euros, are converted into U.S. dollars at the applicable
exchange rate and transferred from Germany to the Trust's bank
account in the U.S. In relation to the U.S. dollar, a
stronger Euro would yield more U.S. dollars and a weaker Euro would
yield fewer U.S. dollars. 

 Seasonal demand factors
affect the income from the Trust's royalty rights insofar as they
relate to energy demands and increases or decreases in prices, but
on average they are generally not material to the annual income
received under the Trust's royalty rights. 

 The Trust has no means of
ensuring continued income from overriding royalty rights at their
present level or otherwise. The assets of the Trust are depleting
assets and, if the operators developing the concession do not perform
additional development projects, the assets may deplete faster than
expected. Eventually, the assets of the Trust will cease to produce
in commercial quantities and the Trust will cease to receive proceeds
from such assets. 

 The Trust's consultant in
Germany provides general information to the Trust on the German and
European economies and energy markets as well as monitoring the
continuing impact of the war in Ukraine and ongoing efforts by the
European governments to respond to the economic impacts of the war.
This information provides a context in which to evaluate the actions
of the operating companies. The Trust's consultant receives reports
from EMPG with respect to current and planned drilling and exploration
efforts. However, EMPG and the operating companies continue to limit
the information flow to that which is required by German law, and the
Trust is not able to confirm the accuracy of any of the information
supplied by EMPG or the operating companies. 

 The low level of
administrative expenses of the Trust limits the effect of inflation on
costs. Sustained price inflation would be reflected in sales prices.
Sales prices along with sales volumes form the basis on which the
royalties paid to the Trust are computed. 

 Results: Fiscal 2024 versus Fiscal
2023 

 Fiscal 2023 was a turbulent
year with dramatic price swings and significant negative adjustments
totaling 2,161,390 that carried over beyond the year's end. Fiscal
2024 was more stable price-wise despite the overall lower gas prices
but it too was impacted by significant negative adjustments carrying
over beyond the year's end. Due to the very high gas prices in effect
towards the end of 2022 that were a determining factor in royalty
payments in early 2023, the Trust was notified in September 2024 that
the calendar 2023 end-of-year adjustment would be a sizeable negative
amount under both royalty agreements. These negative adjustments
eliminated the scheduled royalty payments for October 2024 and will
have an impact on the first quarter of fiscal 2025, both eliminating
the scheduled royalty payments in the case of the OEG royalty and
significantly reducing these payments in the case of the Mobil royalty.
Based on the November 20, 2024 Euro/dollar exchange rate of 1.0521,
the OEG and Mobil negative adjustments for calendar 2023 are
 1,000,143 and 1,619,368, respectively. 

 For fiscal 2024, the Trust's
gross royalty income decreased 73.7 to 5,785,303 from 22,016,103 in
fiscal 2023. The total distribution for fiscal 2024 was 0.48 per
unit compared to 2.26 per unit for fiscal 2023. Gas prices under
both royalty agreements were lower, gas sales were mixed, and average
exchange rates were up or flat. The royalty income received under the
Mobil Agreement in fiscal 2024 decreased by 9,717,057 as compared to
fiscal 2023. Royalty income received under the OEG Agreement in fiscal
2024 decreased by 6,513,743 as compared to fiscal 2023. 

 Gas sales under the Mobil
Agreement increased 1.2 to 12.592 Billion cubic feet ("Bcf") in fiscal
2024 from 12.439 Bcf in fiscal 2023. Despite the continued lack of
drilling by the operating companies through 2024, the ongoing program of
well workovers and uninterrupted operation of Grossenkneten resulted in
the slight improvement in gas production. However, absent a renewed
drilling program, the normal reduction in well pressure would be
expected to continue and gas production would be expected to decline. 

Quarterly and Yearly
Gas Sales under the Mobil Agreement in Billion cubic feet 

Fiscal Quarter 

 2024 Gas Sales 
 2023 Gas Sales 
 Percentage change 

First 
 3.223 
 3.519 
 -8.4 

Second 
 3.236 
 3.451 
 -6.2 

Third
 
 3.073 
 2.957 
 +3.9 

Fourth
 
 3.060 
 2.512 
 +21.8 

Fiscal Year Total 
 12.592 
 12.439 
 
 +1.2 

Average prices for gas sold
under the Mobil Agreement decreased 55.3 to 3.7206 Euro cents per
kilowatt hour ("Euro cents/kWh") in fiscal 2024 from 8.3231 Euro
cents/kWh in fiscal 2023. 

Average Gas Prices
under the Mobil Agreement in Euro cents per Kilowatt Hour 

Fiscal Quarter 

 2024 Average 
Gas Prices 
 2023 Average 
Gas Prices 
 Percentage change 

First 
 3.8530 
 14.1664 
 -72.8 

Second 
 4.1601 
 9.1043 
 -54.3 

Third 
 3.2503 
 4.7294 
 -31.3 

Fourth
 
 3.5886 
 3.2970 
 +8.8 

Fiscal Year Average 
 3.7206 
 8.3231 
 -55.3 

Converting gas prices into more
familiar terms, using the average exchange rate, yielded a price of 11.52
per thousand cubic feet ("Mcf"), a decrease of 51.1 from fiscal 2023's
average price of 23.54/Mcf. For fiscal 2024, royalties paid under the
Mobil Agreement were converted and transferred at an average Euro/U.S.
dollar exchange rate of 1.0834, unchanged from the average Euro/U.S. dollar
exchange rate of 1.0834 for fiscal 2023. 

Average Euro
Exchange Rate under the Mobil Agreement 

Fiscal Quarter 

2024 Average Euro Exchange Rate 
 
 2023 Average Euro Exchange Rate 
 Percentage change 

First 
 1.0816 
 1.0706 
 +1.0 

Second 
 1.0714 
 1.0698 
 +0.1 

Third
 
 1.0757 
 1.1099 
 -3.1 

Fourth
 
 1.1071 
 0.0000 1 

Fiscal Year Average 
 1.0834 
 1.0834 
 0.0 
 1. No royalty income was deposited into the Trust's account at
Deutsche Bank, and there was no conversion and transfer to the Trust's account
with M&T Bank. Consequently, no exchange rate was generated. 

Excluding the effects of differences
in prices and average exchange rates, the combination of royalty rates on gas
sold from western Oldenburg results in an effective royalty rate approximately
seven times higher than the royalty rate on gas sold from eastern Oldenburg.
This is of particular significance to the Trust since gas sold from western
Oldenburg provides the bulk of royalties paid to the Trust. For fiscal 2024,
the volume of gas sold from western Oldenburg accounted for only 29.3 
of the volume of all gas sales. However, western Oldenburg gas royalties
provided approximately 81.8 or 4,465,816 out of a total of 5,456,698 in
overall Oldenburg gas royalties. 

 Gas sales under the OEG Agreement
decreased 4.5 to 42.918 Bcf in fiscal 2024 from 44.944 Bcf in fiscal 2023.
Given the continued lack of drilling by the operating companies through 2024,
the Trust's consultant in Germany believes the decline in gas production is
due to the normal reduction in well pressure that is experienced over time. 

Quarterly and Yearly Gas Sales under the OEG Agreement in Billion cubic feet 

Fiscal Quarter 

 2024 Gas Sales 
 2023 Gas Sales 
 Percentage change 

First 
 11.085 
 12.881 
 -13.9 

Second 
 ovember870 
 12.242 
 -11.2 

Third
 
 10.454 
 10.503 
 -0.5 

Fourth
 
 10.509 
 9.318 
 +12.8 

Fiscal Year Total 
 42.918 
 44.944 
 -4.5 

Average gas prices for gas sold
under the OEG Agreement decreased 55.4 to 3.7929 Euro cents/kWh in fiscal
2024 from 8.4965 Euro cents/kWh in fiscal 2023. 

Average Gas Prices under the OEG Agreement in Euro cents per
Kilowatt Hour 

Fiscal Quarter 

 2024 Average Gas Prices 
 2023 Average Gas Prices 
 Percentage change 

First 
 3.9293 
 14.4469 
 -72.8 

Second 
 4.2425 
 9.2846 
 -54.3 

Third
 
 3.3146 
 4.8230 
 -31.3 

Fourth
 
 3.6597 
 3.3623 
 +8.8 

Fiscal Year Average 
 3.7929 
 8.4965 
 -55.4 

Converting gas prices into
more familiar terms, using the average exchange rate, yielded a price
of 11.32/Mcf for fiscal 2024, a decrease of 52.5 from fiscal 2023's
average price of 23.85/Mcf. For fiscal 2024, royalties paid under the
OEG Agreement were converted and transferred at an average Euro/U.S.
dollar exchange rate of 1.0848, a decrease of 0.1 from the average
Euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.0856 for fiscal 2023. 

Average Euro Exchange Rate under the OEG Agreement 

Fiscal Quarter 

 2024 Average 
Euro Exchange Rate 
 2023 Average 
Euro Exchange
Rate 
 Percentage change 

First 
 0.0000 1 
 1.0700 
 -100.0 

Second 
 1.0715 
 1.0698 
 +0.2 

Third 
 1.0757 
 1.1170 
 -3.7 

Fourth 
 1.1071 
 0.0000 1 

Fiscal
Year Average 
 1.0848 
 1.0856 
 -0.1 

1. No royalty income was deposited into the
Trust's account at Deutsche Bank, and there was no conversion and transfer
to the Trust's account with M&T Bank. Consequently, no exchange rate was
generated. 

Interest income for fiscal 2024 of
 70,382 decreased from interest income of 125,003 for fiscal 2023 due to
the reduced amount of royalties received. Trust expenses decreased 169,719,
or 17.5 , to 797,872 in fiscal 2024 from 967,591 in fiscal 2023 due to
higher Trustees' fees as specified in the provisions of the Trust Agreement
paid during fiscal 2023. 

 Report on Drilling and Geophysical Work 

 The Trust's German consultant
periodically contacts the representatives of the operating companies to
inquire about their planned and proposed drilling and geophysical work
and other general matters. The following represents a summary of the
most recent information the Trust's German consultant received from
representatives of EMPG in December 2024. The Trust is not able to
confirm the accuracy of any of the information supplied by the
operating companies. In addition, the operating companies are not
required to take any of the actions outlined and, if they change their
plans with respect to any such actions, they are not obligated to
inform the Trust. 

The Trust's German consultant has advised the Trust
that EMPG has not planned any new wells for calendar 2025 and no major
work has been initiated on the exploration side. 

 Maintenance work, including well cleanup jobs and foam
jobs to de-water weak wells, will be continuing to ensure the wells are
operating at maximum efficiency and production levels. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 The financial statements,
appearing subsequently in this Report, present financial statement
balances and financial results on a modified cash basis of accounting,
which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than accounting
principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP basis"). Modified
cash basis accounting is an accepted accounting method for royalty
trusts such as the Trust. GAAP basis financial statements disclose
income as earned and expenses as incurred, without regard to receipts
or payments. The use of GAAP would require the Trust to accrue for
expected royalty payments. This is exceedingly difficult since the
Trust has very limited information on such payments until they are
received and cannot accurately project such amounts. The Trust's
modified cash basis financial statements disclose revenue when cash
is received and expenses when cash is paid. The one modification of
the cash basis of accounting is that the Trust accrues for distributions
to be paid to unit owners (those distributions approved by the Trustees
for the Trust). The Trust's distributable income represents royalty
income received by the Trust during the period plus interest income
less any expenses incurred by the Trust, all on a cash basis. In the
opinion of the Trustees, the use of the modified cash basis provides a
more meaningful presentation to unit owners of the results of operations
of the Trust and presents to the unit owners a more accurate calculation
of income and expenses for tax reporting purposes. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 The Trust has no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

This Report on Form 10-K may
contain forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe
harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical
fact are forward-looking. Such statements address future expectations
and events or conditions concerning the Trust. You can identify many
forward-looking statements by words such as "may," "will," "would,"
"should," "could," "expects," "aim," "anticipates," "believes,"
"estimates," "intends," "plan," "predict," "project," "seek,"
"potential," "opportunities" and other similar expressions and the
negatives of such expressions. However, not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Many of these statements are based on
information provided to the Trust by the operating companies or by
consultants using public information sources. These statements are
subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in any
forward-looking statements. These include: 

 the fact that the assets
of the Trust are depleting assets and, if the operators developing the
concession do not perform additional development projects, the assets
may deplete faster than expected; 

 risks and uncertainties
concerning levels of gas production and gas sale prices, general
economic conditions and currency exchange rates; 

 the ability or willingness of the
operating companies to perform under their contractual
obligations with the Trust; 

 potential disputes with the
operating companies and the resolution thereof; and 

 political and economic
uncertainty arising from the conflict in Ukraine and the Middle
East. 

All such factors are difficult
to predict, contain uncertainties that may materially affect actual
results, and are generally beyond the control of the Trust. New
factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for the Trust
to predict all such factors or to assess the impact of each such factor
on the Trust. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date
on which such statement is made, and the Trust does not undertake any
obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 

 The Trust does not engage in
any trading activities with respect to possible foreign exchange
fluctuations. The Trust does not use any financial instruments to
hedge against possible risks related to foreign exchange
fluctuations. The market risk with respect to funds held in the
Trust's bank account in Germany is negligible because standing
instructions at the Trust's German bank require the bank to process
conversions and transfers of royalty payments as soon as possible
following their receipt. The Trust does not engage in any trading
activities with respect to commodity price fluctuations. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

 NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firms 
 F-1 - F-4 

Financial Statements: 

Statements of Assets, Liabilities and 
 Trust Corpus as of October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Statements of Revenue Collected and
Expenses Paid 
 for the Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Statements of Undistributed Earnings 
 for the Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-7 

Statements of Changes in Cash and
Cash Equivalents 
 for the Fiscal Years Ended October 31, 2024 and
2023 F-8 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 - F-11 

F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Trustees and the Unit Owners of 
North European Oil Royalty Trust 

 Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets,
liabilities, and trust corpus of North European Oil Royalty Trust
(the "Trust") as of October 31, 2024, and the related statements of
revenue collected and expenses paid, undistributed earnings, and changes
in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended October 31, 2024, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements").
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material
respects, the assets, liabilities and trust corpus of the Trust as of
October 31, 2024, and its revenue collected and expenses paid,
undistributed earnings and changes in cash and cash equivalents for
the year then ended, in conformity
with the modified cash basis of accounting described in Note 1. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust's
financial statements based on our audit.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trust is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Basis of Accounting 

 As described in Note 1, these financial statements have been
prepared on the modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis
of accounting other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

 F-1 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures
that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no
critical audit matters. 

/s/ Forvis Mazars, LLP

 We have served as the Trust's auditor since 2024 
Iselin, New Jersey 
December 31, 2024 

 F-4 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Trustees and the Unit Owners of 
North European Oil Royalty Trust 

 Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets,
liabilities, and trust corpus of North European Oil Royalty Trust
(the "Trust") as of October 31, 2023, and the related statements of
revenue collected and expenses paid, undistributed earnings, and changes
in cash and cash equivalents for the year ended October 31, 2023, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements").
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the assets, liabilities and trust corpus of the Trust as of
October 31, 2023, and its revenue collected and expenses paid,
undistributed earnings and changes in its cash and cash equivalents for
each of the two years in the year ended October 31, 2023 in conformity
with the modified cash basis of accounting described in Note 1. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust's
financial statements based on our audit.

We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trust is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Basis of Accounting 

 As described in Note 1, these financial statements have been
prepared on the modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis
of accounting other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

 F-3 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures
that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no
critical audit matters. 

/s/ Mazars USA LLP

 We have served as the Trust's auditor from 2006 to 2024 
Iselin, New Jersey 
December 29, 2023 

 F-4 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 
 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES
AND TRUST CORPUS (NOTE 1) 
 OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 
 2023 
	 ASSETS 

Current assets --
		Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,625,343 
			 795,201 

Producing gas and oil royalty rights,
 net of amortization (Notes 1 and 2) 
 1 
			 1 

Total Assets 
 1,625,344 
 795,202 

2024 
 2023 
 LIABILITIES AND TRUST CORPUS 

Current liabilities -- Distributions
 to be paid 
			to unit owners 
 183,812 
 0 

Trust corpus (Notes 1 and 2)
 
 1 
 1 

Undistributed earnings
 
 1,441,531 
 
 795,201 

Total Liabilities and
	Trust Corpus 
 1,625,344 
 795,202 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
 of these financial statements. 

F-5 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 
 STATEMENTS OF REVENUE COLLECTED
AND EXPENSES PAID (NOTE 1) 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND
2023 

2024 
 2023 

Gas, sulfur and oil royalties received 
 5,785,303 
 22,016,103 

Interest income 
 70,382 
 125,003 

Trust Income 
 5,855,685 
 22,141,106 

Operating Expenses 
 790,289) 
 957,067) 

Related party expenses (Note 3) 
 (7,583) 
 (10,524) 

Trust Expenses 
 797,872) 
 967,591) 

Net Income 
 
 5,057,813 
 
 21,173,515 

Net income per unit 
 0.55 
 2.30 

Distributions per unit paid or
to be paid to unit owners 
 0.48 
 2.26 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F-6 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 
 STATEMENTS OF UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS (NOTE
1) 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND
2023 

2024 
 2023 

Balance, beginning of period 
 795,201 
 392,420 

Net income 
 5,057,813 
 21,173,515 

5,853,014 
 21,565,935 

 Less: 

Current year distributions
paid or to be paid to unit owners 
 4,411,483 
 20,770,734 

Balance, end of period 
 
 1,441,531

795,201

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (NOTE 1) 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED
OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Sources of Cash and Cash
Equivalents: 

Gas, sulfur and oil royalties received 
 5,785,303 
 22,016,103 

Interest income 
 70,382 
 125,003 

5,855,685 
 22,141,106 

Uses of Cash and Cash
Equivalents: 

Payment of Trust expenses 
 797,872 
 967,591 

Distributions paid 
 4,227,671 
 27,571,771 

5,025,543 
 28,539,362 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and 
cash equivalents during the year 
 830,142 
 (6,398,256) 

Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of year 
 795,201 
 7,193,457 

Cash and cash equivalents,
 end of year 
 
 1,625,343

795,201

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 
 F-8 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL
ROYALTY TRUST 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 

(1) Summary of significant accounting
policies: 

 Basis of accounting
- 

 The accompanying financial
statements of North European Oil Royalty Trust (the "Trust") are prepared
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Financial
statement balances and financial results are presented on a modified
cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting
other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States ("GAAP basis"). In the opinion of management, all adjustments
that are considered necessary for a fair presentation of these
financial statements, including adjustments of a normal, recurring
nature, have been included. 

 On a modified cash basis,
revenue is earned when cash is received and expenses are incurred when
cash is paid. GAAP basis financial statements disclose revenue as
earned and expenses as incurred, without regard to receipts or
payments. The modified cash basis of accounting is utilized to permit
the accrual for distributions to be paid to unit owners (those
distributions approved by the Trustees for the Trust).
The Trust's distributable income represents royalty income received by
the Trust during the period plus interest income less any expenses
incurred by the Trust, all on a cash basis. In the opinion of the
Trustees, the use of the modified cash basis of accounting provides a
more meaningful presentation to unit owners of the results of
operations of the Trust. 

 The Trust receives
adjustments from the operating companies based on their final
calculations of royalties payable during the prior periods, including
the immediately preceding calendar quarter. Negative adjustments are
carried over to the succeeding quarter. 

 Producing gas and oil
royalty rights - 

 The rights to certain gas
and oil royalties in Germany were transferred to the Trust at their
net book value by North European Oil Company (the "Company") (see
Note 2). The net book value of the royalty rights has been reduced to
one dollar 1) since the remaining net book value
of royalty rights is de minimis relative to annual royalties received
and distributed by the Trust and does not bear any meaningful
relationship to the fair value of such rights or the actual amount of
proved producing reserves. 

 Federal and state
income taxes - 

 The Trust, as a grantor trust
and additionally under a private letter ruling issued by the Internal
Revenue Service, is exempt from federal income taxes. The Trust has no
state income tax obligations. 

 F-9 

 Cash and cash equivalents -

Cash and cash equivalents are
defined as amounts deposited in bank accounts and amounts invested in
certificates of deposit and U. S. Treasury bills with original
maturities generally of three months or less from the date of purchase.
The investment options available to the Trust are limited in accordance
with specific provisions of the Trust Agreement. As of October 31, 2024,
the uninsured amounts held in the Trust's U.S. bank accounts were
 1,368,398. In addition, the Trust held Euros 6,397, the equivalent of
 6,945, in its German bank account at October 31, 2024. 

 Net income per unit - 

 	Net income per unit is based
upon the number of units outstanding at the end of the period. As of
October 31, 2024 and 2023, there were 9,190,590 units of beneficial
interest outstanding. 

 New accounting
pronouncements - 

 The Trust is not aware of
any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards that
would be expected to have a significant impact on the Trust's
financial position or results of operations. 

(2) Formation of the Trust: 

 The Trust was formed on
September 10, 1975. As of September 30, 1975, the Company was
liquidated and the remaining assets and liabilities of the Company,
including its royalty rights, were transferred to the Trust. The
Trust, on behalf of the owners of beneficial interest in the Trust,
holds overriding royalty rights covering gas and oil production in
certain concessions or leases in the Federal Republic of Germany.
These rights are held under contracts with local German exploration
and development subsidiaries of ExxonMobil Corp. and the Royal
Dutch/Shell Group of Companies. Under these contracts, the Trust
receives various percentage royalties on the proceeds of the sales of
certain products from the areas involved. At the present time,
royalties are received for sales of gas well gas, oil well gas,
crude oil, condensate and sulfur. 

 (3) Related party transactions: 

 John R. Van Kirk, the
Managing Director of the Trust, provides office services to the Trust
at cost. For such office services, the Trust reimbursed the Managing
Director 7,583 and 10,524 in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

(4) Employee benefit plan: 

 The Trust has established a
savings incentive match plan for employees (SIMPLE IRA) that is
available to both employees of the Trust, one of whom is the Managing
Director. The Trustees authorized the making of contributions by the
Trust to the accounts of employees, on a matching basis,
of up to 3 of cash compensation paid to each such employee for
the 2024 and 2023 calendar years. 

 F-10 

 (5) Quarterly results (unaudited): 

 The tables below summarize
the quarterly results and distributions of the Trust for the fiscal
years ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 

 Fiscal 2024 by Quarter and Year 

First 
 Second 
 Third 
 Fourth 
 Year 

 Royalties received 
 424,910 
 2,232,767 
 2,457,422 
 670,204 
 5,785,303 

Net income 
 179,085 
 2,033,899 
 2,318,094 
 526,734 
 5,057,813 

 Net Income per unit 
 0.02 
 0.22 
 0.25 
 0.06 
 0.55 

Distribution paid or to be paid 
 459,529 
 1,838,118 
 1,930,024 
 183,812 
 4,411,483 

Distribution per unit 
 or to be paid 
 to unit owners 
 0.05 
 0.20 
 0.21 
 0.02 
 0.48 

 1. At the end
of each fiscal quarter, the Trust
converts the Euro balance in its account at Deutsche Bank into
dollars and includes this amount in the royalty income total.
Since there was no royalty income for the fourth fiscal quarter
and there was a loss on exchange, the total royalty income for
the fourth fiscal quarter is a negative number. 

2. The negative net income is comprised of the
negative royalty income minus the quarterly expenses plus interest
income. 

Fiscal 2023 by Quarter and Year 

First 
 Second 
 Third 
 Fourth 
 Year 

 Royalties received 
 9,765,883 
 9,760,018 
 2,490,778 
 576) 1 
 22,016,103 

Net income 
 9,536,014 
 9,504,566 
 2,290,894 
 157,959) 2 
 21,173,515 

 Net Income per unit 
 1.04 
 1.03 
 0.25 
 0.02) 
 2.30 

Distribution paid or to be paid 
 9,190,590 
 9,650,120 
 1,930,024 
 0 
 20,770,734 

Distribution per unit 
 or to be paid 
 to unit owners 
 1.00 
 1.05 
 0.21 
 0.00 
 2.26 

F-11 

 Item 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on 
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

 None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures. 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 The Trust maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the Trust is recorded, processed,
summarized, accumulated and communicated to its management, which
consists of the Managing Director, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure, and reported within the time periods specified in
the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. The Managing
Director has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Trust's disclosure controls and procedures as of
October 31, 2023. Based on that evaluation, the Managing Director
concluded that the Trust's disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of October 31, 2024. 

 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Part A. Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 The Trust's management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f)) for the Trust. There are inherent limitations in the
effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of
human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of
internal control may vary over time. Management has evaluated the
Trust's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31,
2024. This assessment was based on criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting described in the standards
promulgated by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and in
the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the
Trust's internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of October 31, 2024. 

Part B. Attestation
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Not applicable 

 Part C. Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There have been no changes in
the Trust's internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust's internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other
Information . 

 During the quarter ended
October 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), adopted
or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement" (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c),
respectively, of Regulation S-K). 

Item 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 

 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Except as set forth below,
the information required by this item will be contained in the Trust's
definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Unit Owners to be
held on February 26, 2025, to be filed pursuant to Section 14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Insider Trading Policy 

 The Trust has adopted insider
trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other
dispositions of the Trust units by the Trustees and employees, or the
Trust itself, that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with
insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards
applicable to the Trust. A copy of such policies and procedures is filed
hereto as Exhibit 19.1. 

Code of Ethics 

 The Trustees adopted
a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (the "Code") beginning in 2004
for the Trust's Trustees and employees, including the Managing
Director. The Managing Director serves the roles of chief
executive officer and chief financial and accounting officer.
A copy of the Code is available without charge on request by writing
to the Managing Director at the office of the Trust. The Code is also
available on the Trust's website, www.neort.com. 

 All Trustees and employees
of the Trust are required to read and sign a copy of the Code
annually. No waivers or exceptions to the Code have been granted since
the adoption of the Code. Any amendments or waivers to the Code, to
the extent required, will be disclosed in a Form 8-K filing of the
Trust after such amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation . 

 The information required by
this item will be contained in the Trust's definitive Proxy Statement
for its Annual Meeting of Unit Owners to be held on February 26, 2025,
to be filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related
Stockholder Matters. 

 The information required by
this item will be contained in the Trust's definitive Proxy Statement
for its Annual Meeting of Unit Owners to be held on February 26, 2025,
to be filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

 The information required by
this item will be contained in the Trust's definitive Proxy Statement
for its Annual Meeting of Unit Owners to be held on February 26, 2025,
to be filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services . 

 The information required by this
item will be contained in the Trust's definitive Proxy Statement for its
Annual Meeting of Unit Owners to be held on February 26, 2025, to be filed
pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is
incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules . 

 (a) The following is a
list of the documents filed as part of this Report: 

 1. Financial Statements 

 Index to Financial Statements for the Fiscal
Years Ended October 31, 2024 
 and 2023 

 Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Statements of Assets,
Liabilities and Trust Corpus as of October 31, 2024 
 and 2023 

 Statements of Revenue
Collected and Expenses Paid for the Fiscal Years
 Ended October
31, 2024 and 2023 

 Statements of
Undistributed Earnings for the Fiscal Years Ended October 31,
 2024
and 2023 

 Statements of Changes
in Cash and Cash Equivalents for the Fiscal Years
 Ended October 31,
2024 and 2023 

 Notes to Financial
Statements 

 2. Exhibits 

 The Exhibit
Index following the signature page lists all exhibits filed with
 this
Report or incorporated by reference. 

Item 16. Form 10-K
Summary . 

 None. 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Trust has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/John R. Van Kirk 
 
 John R. Van Kirk, Managing
Director, 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, and 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/Nancy J. Floyd Prue 
 
 Nancy J. Floyd Prue, Managing Trustee 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/Andrew S. Borodach 
 
 Andrew S. Borodach, Trustee 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/Ahron H.Haspel 
 
 Ahron H. Haspel, Trustee 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/Richard P. Howard 
 
 Richard P. Howard, Trustee 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/Lawrence A. Kobrin 
 
 Lawrence A. Kobrin, Trustee 

Dated: December 31, 2024 
 /s/John R. Van Kirk 
 
 John R. Van Kirk, Managing Director 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 and Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Page 

(3.1) 
 North European Oil Royalty Trust Agreement, dated September 10, 1975,
as amended through February 13, 2008 (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 15, 2008
(File No. 0-8378)). 

(3.2) 
 Amended and Restated Trustees' Regulations, amended and restated as of
October 31, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed November 2, 2007	(File No. 0-8378)). 

(4.1) 
 
Description of Securities 

(10.1) 
 Agreement with
OEG, dated April 2, 1979, exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-K filed
May 11, 1979 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 1 to Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed May 11, 1979 (File No. 0-8378)). 

(10.2) 
 Agreement with Mobil
Oil, A.G. concerning sulfur royalty payment, dated March 30, 1979
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed May 11, 1979 (File No. 0-8378)). 

(10.3) 
 English language translation of Amendment Agreement dated
August 26, 2016 between Oldenburgische Erdolgesellschaft mbH and North
European Oil Royalty Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016
(File No. 1-8245)). 

(10.4) 
 English language translation of Amendment Agreement dated
August 26, 2016 between Mobil Erdgas-Erdol GmbH and North European Oil
Royalty Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 (File
No. 1-8245)). 

(19.1) 
 
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 

(21) 
 There are no subsidiaries of the Trust. 

(31) 
 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

(32) 
 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

(97) 
 Policy for the
Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

(99.1) 
 Calculation
of Cost Depletion Percentage for the 2024 Calendar Year Based on the
Estimate of Remaining Proved Producing Reserves in
the Northwest Basin of the Federal Republic of Germany as of
October 1, 2023 prepared by Graves & Co. Consulting, LLC 

(99.2) 
 
Order Approving Settlement signed by Vice Chancellor Jack Jacobs of the
Delaware Court of Chancery (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 99.2 to
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 26, 1996). 

<EX-4>
 2
 x4-123124.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 The following is a summary of
information concerning units of beneficial interest of North European Oil
Royalty Trust (the " Trust "). The summaries and
descriptions below do not purport to be complete statements of the
relevant provisions of the Trust Agreement (" Trust
Agreement ") dated as of September 10, 1975 (as last
amended on February 13, 2008) or the Amended and Restated Trustees'
Regulations, dated as of October 31, 2007 (the " Regulations
 "), and are entirely qualified by these documents. 

 Units . The
Trust's units of beneficial interest (the " Units ") are
registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol
"NRT." The issued and outstanding Units are fully paid and
non-assessable. This means the full purchase price for the outstanding
Units have been paid and the owners of such Units will not be assessed
any additional amounts for such Units. 

 Distributions and
Reserves . The Trustees will, not less than quarterly,
distribute and pay to the unit owners, in proportion to their respective
beneficial interest of the Units, all rents, royalties, income, proceeds
and other receipt of or from the properties held by the Trustees
(" Trust Estate "), after payment of, or provision for,
the expenses, liabilities and obligations of the Trust Estate. The
Trustees have the right to determine from time to time the amounts to be
retained as reserves in connection with anticipated charges or expenses of
the Trust, for contingent or unascertained liabilities or obligations of
the Trust, or for such other purpose as the Trustees may determine. 

 Voting Rights . 
Each Unit is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
unit owners. Neither the Trust Agreement nor the Regulations provide for
cumulative voting in the election of the Trustees. 

 Other Rights . 
The Units are not subject to redemption by operation of a sinking fund or
otherwise. Unit owners are not currently entitled to preemptive rights. 

</EX-4>

<EX-19>
 3
 x19-123124.htm

Exhibit 19.1 

 NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 

POLICY ON INSIDER TRADING 

 This Insider Trading Policy
(this " Policy" describes the standards of North European
Oil Royalty Trust (the "Trust" on trading, and causing the
trading of, the Trust's securities or securities of certain other publicly
traded companies while in possession of confidential information. 

 This Policy is divided into two
parts: 

 Part I covers prohibition on trading
in certain circumstances and applies to all Trustees and employees
of the Trust and their respective immediate family members; and 

Part II covers special additional
trading restrictions and applies to all (i) Trustees, (ii) employees of the
Trust, (iii) any persons whom the Compliance Officer may designate as
Insiders because they have access to material non-public information concerning
the Trust, including Trustees and officers of the Trust (together with the
Trustees, "Trust Insiders" ), and (iv) immediate family members
(collectively, "Covered Persons" ). 

 One of the principal purposes of the
federal securities laws is to prohibit so-called "insider trading." Simply
stated, insider trading occurs when a person uses material nonpublic
information obtained through involvement with the Trust to make decisions to
purchase, sell, give away or otherwise trade the Trust's securities or to
provide that information to others outside the Trust. The prohibitions
against insider trading apply to trades, tips, and recommendations by
virtually any person, including all persons associated with the Trust, if
the information involved is "material" and "nonpublic." These terms are
defined in this Policy under Part I, Section 3 below. The prohibitions would
apply to any Trustee or employee who buys or sells Trust securities on the
basis of material nonpublic information that he or she obtained about the
Trust, its customers, suppliers, or other companies with which the Trust has
contractual relationships or may be negotiating transactions. 

 PART I 

 1. Applicability . 

 This Policy applies to all trading
or other transactions in the Trust's securities, including units of
beneficial interest, options, and any other securities that the Trust may
issue, such as preferred units, notes, bonds, and convertible securities,
as well as to derivative securities relating to any of the Trust's
securities, whether or not issued by the Trust. This Policy applies to all
Trustees, employees of the Trust, and their respective family members. 

 2. General Policy: No
Trading or Causing Trading While in Possession of Material
Nonpublic Information . 

 (a) No Trustee or
employee or any of their immediate family members may purchase or sell, or
offer to purchase or sell, any Trust security, whether or not issued by the
Trust, while in possession of material nonpublic information about the Trust.
(The terms "material" and "nonpublic" are defined in Part I, Section 3(a)
and (b) below.) 

 (b) No Trustee or
employee or any of their immediate family members who knows of any material
nonpublic information about the Trust may communicate that information to
("tip") any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise
disclose such information without the Trust's authorization. 

 (c) No Trustee or
employee or any of their immediate family members may purchase or sell any
security of any other company, whether or not issued by the Trust, while in
possession of material nonpublic information about that company that was
obtained in the course of his or her involvement with the Trust. No Trustee
or employee or any of their immediate family members who knows of any such
material nonpublic information may communicate that information to, or tip,
any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise disclose
such information without the Trust's authorization. 

 (d) For compliance
purposes, you should never trade, tip, or recommend securities (or otherwise
cause the purchase or sale of securities) while in possession of information
that you have reason to believe is material and nonpublic unless you first
consult with, and obtain the advance approval of, the Compliance Officer
(which is defined in Part I, Section 3(c) below). 

 (e) Covered Persons must
"pre-clear" all trading in securities of the Trust in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Part II, Section 3 below. 

 3. Definitions . 

 (a) Material. 
Insider trading restrictions come into play only if the information you
possess is "material." Materiality, however, involves a relatively low
threshold. Information is generally regarded as "material" if it has market
significance, that is, if its public dissemination is likely to affect the
market price of securities, or if it otherwise is information that a
reasonable investor would want to know before making an investment decision.
Information dealing with the following subjects is reasonably likely to be
found material in particular situations: 

 (i) significant changes in the
Trust's prospects; 

 (ii) significant write-downs in
assets or increases in reserves; 

 (iii) developments regarding
significant litigation or government agency investigations; 

 (iv) liquidity problems; 

 (v) changes in earnings estimates
or unusual gains or losses relating to the operating companies, exploration
or drilling activities or well production; 

 (vi) major changes in the Trust's
management; 

 (vii) changes in distributions; 

 (viii) extraordinary borrowings; 

 (ix) major changes in accounting
methods or policies; 

 (x) award or loss of a significant
contract; 

 (xi) cybersecurity risks and
incidents, including vulnerabilities and breaches; 

 (xii) changes in debt ratings; 

 (xiii) proposals, plans or
agreements, even if preliminary in nature, involving mergers, acquisitions,
divestitures, recapitalizations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements,
or purchases or sales of substantial assets; and 

 (xiv) offerings of Trust securities. 

 Material information is not limited
to historical facts but may also include projections and forecasts. With
respect to a future event, such as a merger, acquisition or introduction of a
new product, the point at which negotiations or product development are
determined to be material is determined by balancing the probability that the
event will occur against the magnitude of the effect the event would have on
a company's operations, or price of securities should it occur. Thus,
information concerning an event that would have a large effect on the price
of securities, such as a merger, may be material even if the possibility that
the event will occur is relatively small. When in doubt about whether
particular nonpublic information is material, you should presume it is
material. If you are unsure whether information is material, you should
either consult the Compliance Officer before making any decision to disclose
such information (other than to persons who need to know it) or to trade in
or recommend securities to which that information relates or assume that the
information is material. 

 (b) Nonpublic. 
Insider trading prohibitions come into play only when you possess information
that is material and "nonpublic." The fact that information has been disclosed
to a few members of the public does not make it public for insider trading
purposes. To be "public" the information must have been disseminated in a
manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given
the opportunity to absorb the information. Even after public disclosure of
information about the Trust, you must wait until the close of business on the
second trading day after the information was publicly disclosed before you can
treat the information as public. 

 Nonpublic information may include: 

 (i) information available to a select
group of analysts or brokers or institutional investors; 

 (ii) undisclosed facts that are the
subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

 (iii) information that has been
entrusted to the Trust on a confidential basis until a public announcement of
the information has been made and enough time has elapsed for the market to
respond to a public announcement of the information (normally two trading
days). 

 As with questions of materiality,
if you are not sure whether information is considered public, you should either
consult with the Compliance Officer or assume that the information is
nonpublic and treat it as confidential. 

 (c) Compliance
Officer. The Trust has appointed John R. Van Kirk, the current Managing
Director of the Trust, as the Compliance Officer for this Policy (except with
respect to his own trades, for which the Chairman of the Audit Committee of
the Trust is so designated). The duties of the Compliance Officer include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

 (i) assisting with implementation
and enforcement of this Policy; 

 (ii) circulating this Policy to all
employees and ensuring that this Policy is amended as necessary to remain
up-to-date with insider trading laws; 

 (iii) pre-clearing all trading in
securities of the Trust by Covered Persons in accordance with the procedures
set forth in Part II, Section 3 below; 

 (iv) providing approval of any
Rule 10b5-1 plans under Part II, Section 1(c) below and any prohibited
transactions under Part II, Section 4 below; and 

 (v) providing a reporting system
with an effective whistleblower protection mechanism. 

 4. Violations of Insider
Trading Laws . 

 Penalties for trading on or
communicating material nonpublic information can be severe, both for
individuals involved in such unlawful conduct and their employers and
supervisors, and may include jail terms, criminal fines, civil penalties,
and civil enforcement injunctions. Given the severity of the potential
penalties, compliance with this Policy is absolutely mandatory. 

 (a) Legal Penalties. 
A person who violates insider trading laws by engaging in transactions in
a company's securities when he or she has material nonpublic information
can be sentenced to a substantial jail term and required to pay a criminal
penalty of several times the amount of profits gained or losses avoided. 

 In addition, a person who tips
others may also be liable for transactions by the tippees to whom he or she
has disclosed material nonpublic information. Tippers can be subject to the
same penalties and sanctions as the tippees, and the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") has imposed large penalties even when the tipper did
not profit from the transaction. 

 The SEC can also seek substantial
civil penalties from any person who, at the time of an insider trading
violation, "directly or indirectly controlled the person who committed such
violation," which would apply to the Trust and/or management and supervisory
personnel. These control persons may be held liable for up to the greater of
 1 million or three times the amount of the profits gained or losses avoided.
Even for violations that result in a small or no profit, the SEC can seek
penalties from a company and/or its management and supervisory personnel as
control persons. 

 (b) Trust-imposed Penalties. 
 Employees who violate this Policy may be subject to disciplinary action
by the Trust, including dismissal for cause. Any exceptions to the Policy, if
permitted, may only be granted by the Compliance Officer, and must be provided
before any activity contrary to the above requirements takes place. 

 5. Inquiries. If you have
any questions regarding any of the provisions of this Policy, please contact
the Compliance Officer at jvankirk@neort.com or (732) 741-4008. 

PART II 

 1. Blackout Periods . 
All Covered Persons are prohibited from trading in the Trust's securities
during blackout periods as defined below. 

 (a) Quarterly Blackout Periods.
 Trading in the Trust's securities is prohibited during the period
beginning at the close of the market on two weeks before the end of each
fiscal quarter and ending at the close of business on the second trading
day following the date the Trust's financial results are publicly disclosed
and Form 10-Q or Form 10-K is filed. During these periods, Covered Persons
generally possess or are presumed to possess material nonpublic information
about the Trust's financial results. 

 (b) Other Blackout Periods. 
 From time to time, other types of material nonpublic information
regarding the Trust (such as negotiation of mergers, acquisitions or
dispositions, investigation and assessment of cybersecurity incidents or new
product developments) may be pending and not be publicly disclosed. While
such material nonpublic information is pending, the Trust may impose special
blackout periods during which Covered Persons are prohibited from trading in
the Trust's securities. If the Trust imposes a special blackout period, it
will notify the Covered Persons affected. 

 (c) Exception. 
These trading restrictions do not apply to transactions under a pre-existing
written plan, contract, instruction, or arrangement under Rule 10b5-1 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (an " Approved 10b5-1 Plan ") that: 

 (i) has been reviewed and approved
in advance of any trades thereunder by the Compliance Officer (or, if revised
or amended, such revisions or amendments have been reviewed and approved by
the Compliance Officer in advance of any subsequent trades); 

 (ii) was entered into in good
faith by the Covered Person at a time when the Covered Person was not in
possession of material nonpublic information about the Trust; and 

 (iii) gives a third party the
discretionary authority to execute such purchases and sales, outside the
control of the Covered Person, so long as such third party does not possess
any material nonpublic information about the Trust; or explicitly specifies
the security or securities to be purchased or sold, the number of securities,
the prices and/or dates of transactions, or other formula(s) describing such
transactions. 

 2. Trading Window . 

 Covered Persons are permitted to
trade in the Trust's securities when no blackout period is in effect.
Generally, this means that Covered Persons can trade during the period
beginning on the close of business on the second trading day following the
date the Trust's financial results are publicly disclosed and Form 10-Q or
Form 10-K is filed and ending on the close of the market on two weeks before
the end of each fiscal quarter. However, even during this trading window, a
Covered Person who is in possession of any material nonpublic information
should not trade in the Trust's securities until the information has been
made publicly available or is no longer material. In addition, the Trust may
close this trading window if a special blackout period under Part II,
Section 1(b) above is imposed and will re-open the trading window once the
special blackout period has ended. 

 3. Pre-clearance of
Securities Transactions. 

 (a) Because Trust Insiders
are likely to obtain material nonpublic information on a regular basis, the
Trust requires all such persons to refrain from trading, even during a
trading window under Part II, Section 2 above, without first pre-clearing
all transactions in the Trust's securities. 

 (b) Subject to the exemption
in subsection (d) below, no Trust Insider may, directly or indirectly,
purchase or sell (or otherwise make any transfer, gift, pledge, or loan of)
any Trust security at any time without first obtaining prior approval from
the Compliance Officer. These procedures also apply to transactions by such
person's spouse, other persons living in such person's household and minor
children and to transactions by entities over which such person exercises
control. 

 (c) The Compliance Officer
shall record the date each request is received and the date and time each
request is approved or disapproved. Unless revoked, a grant of permission
will normally remain valid until the close of trading two business days
following the day on which it was granted. If the transaction does not
occur during the two-day period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be
re-requested. 

 (d) Pre-clearance is not
required for purchases and sales of securities under an Approved 10b5-1
Plan. With respect to any purchase or sale under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan,
the third-party effecting transactions on behalf of the Trust Insider
should be instructed to send duplicate confirmations of all such
transactions to the Compliance Officer. 

 4. Prohibited
Transactions . 

 (a) Trust Insiders are
prohibited from trading in the Trust's equity securities during a blackout
period imposed under an "individual account" retirement or pension plan of
the Trust, during which at least 50 of the plan participants are unable
to purchase, sell or otherwise acquire or transfer an interest in equity
securities of the Trust, due to a temporary suspension of trading by the
Trust or the plan fiduciary. 

 (b) Covered Persons,
including any person's spouse, other persons living in such person's
household and minor children and entities over which such person exercises
control, are prohibited from engaging in the following transactions in the
Trust's securities unless advance approval is obtained from the Compliance
Officer: 

 (i) Short-term trading. 
Trust Insiders who purchase Trust securities may not sell any Trust
securities of the same class for at least six months after the purchase; 

 (ii) Short sales. Trust
Insiders may not sell the Trust's securities short; 

 (iii) Options trading. 
Covered Persons may not buy or sell puts or calls or other derivative
securities on the Trust's securities; 

 (iv) Trading on margin or
pledging. Covered Persons may not hold Trust securities in a margin
account or pledge Trust securities as collateral for a loan; and 

 (v) Hedging. 
Covered Persons may not enter into hedging or monetization transactions
or similar arrangements with respect to Trust securities. 

 4. Acknowledgment and
Certification . All Covered Persons are required to sign the attached
acknowledgment and certification. 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION 

 The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt of the Trust's Insider
Trading Policy. The undersigned has read and understands (or has had
explained) such Policy and agrees to be governed by such Policy at all
times in connection with the purchase and sale of securities and the
confidentiality of nonpublic information. 

___________________________________ 
 (Signature)

___________________________________ 
 (Please print name)

Date:_________________________________

</EX-19>

<EX-31>
 4
 x31-123124.htm

North European Oil Royalty Trust FY24 10-K Exhibit 31 

Exhibit 31 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, John R. Van Kirk, certify that: 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of North
European Oil Royalty Trust; 

 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;

I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
me by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with the modified cash
basis of accounting; and

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and to
the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John R. Van Kirk 

John R. Van Kirk 

Managing Director 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: December 31, 2024 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 x32-123124.htm

North European Oil Royalty Trust FY24 10-K Exhibit 32 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 	and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chapter 63, Title 18 U.S.C. Section
1350(a) and (b)), the undersigned hereby certifies that the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2023 of North
European Oil Royalty Trust ("Trust") fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Trust.

/s/ John R. Van Kirk 

John R. Van Kirk 

Managing Director 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: December 31, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 6
 x97-123124.htm

Exhibit 97 

 NORTH EUROPEAN OIL ROYALTY TRUST 

POLICY FOR THE 
RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

OVERVIEW 

 In accordance with the applicable rules of The
New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the "NYSE
Rules" ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act" "Rule 10D-1" , the Board of
Trustees (the "Board" of North European Oil
Royalty Trust (the "Trust") has adopted this Policy (the
 "Policy" to provide for the
recovery of erroneously awarded Incentive-based Compensation from
Executive Officers. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section H,
below. 

RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY
AWARDED COMPENSATION 

 1. Although
the Trust does not, as a general rule, employ Incentive-based
Compensation, this Policy shall govern all instances where, in
fact, the Trust did utilize Incentive-based Compensation. In
the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Trust will reasonably
promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in
accordance with NYSE Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows: 

 (i) After an Accounting Restatement, the
Compensation Committee (if composed entirely of independent Trustees,
or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of independent
Trustees serving on the Board) (the "Committee" 
shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation
Received by each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each
Executive Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any
Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or
return of such compensation, as applicable. 

(a) For Incentive-based Compensation
based on (or derived from) the Trust's stock price or total
shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded
Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly
from the information in the applicable Accounting Restatement: 

i. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be
determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the
effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Trust's stock price or
total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation
was Received; and 

ii. The Trust shall maintain documentation of the
determination of such reasonable estimate and provide the relevant
documentation as required to the NYSE. 

(ii) 
The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means
of recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on the particular
facts and circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set
forth in Section B (2) below, in no event may the Trust accept an
amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
in satisfaction of an Executive Officer's obligations hereunder. 

(iii) To the extent that the
Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Trust for any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations
established by the Trust or applicable law, it shall be appropriate for
any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously
Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy. 

(iv) To the extent that an
Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to
the Trust when due, the Trust shall take all actions reasonable and
appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the
applicable Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer shall be
required to reimburse the Trust for any and all expenses reasonably
incurred (including legal fees) by the Trust in recovering such
Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence. 

2. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Trust shall not be required to take the
actions contemplated by Section B (1) above if the Committee (which,
as specified above, is composed entirely of independent Trustees or
in the absence of such a committee, a majority of the independent
Trustees serving on the Board) determines that recovery would be
impracticable and any of the following two conditions are met: 

(i.) The Committee has determined
that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing
the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this
determination, the Trust must make a reasonable attempt to recover the
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempt(s) and
 provided such documentation to the NYSE; or 

(ii.) Recovery would likely cause
an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are
broadly available to employees of the Trust, to fail to meet the
requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 

C. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 

 The Trust shall file all disclosures with respect
to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission "SEC" filings and rules. 

D. PROHIBITION OF INDEMNIFICATION 

 The Trust shall not be permitted to insure or
indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or recovered pursuant to the
terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Trust's
enforcement of its rights under this Policy. Further, the Trust shall not
enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that
is granted, paid or awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of
this Policy or that waives the Trust's right to recovery of any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement
(whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date of this Policy).

E. ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION 

 This Policy shall be administered by the
Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and
binding on all affected individuals. 

 The Committee is authorized to interpret and
construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate,
or advisable for the administration of this Policy and for the Trust's
compliance with NYSE Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1 and any other applicable
law, regulation, rule or interpretation of the SEC or NYSE promulgated or
issued in connection therewith. 

F. AMENDMENT; TERMINATION 

 The Committee may amend this Policy from time
to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section F to the contrary, no amendment or
termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination
would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Trust
contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Trust to
violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or NYSE rule. 

G. OTHER RECOVERY RIGHTS 

 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable
against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law
or guidance from the SEC or NYSE, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors,
administrators or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that
this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent required by applicable law.
Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan or any
other agreement or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to
include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement
by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of
recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other
remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Trust under
applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any policy of
the Trust or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement,
compensatory plan, agreement or other arrangement. 

H.. DEFINITIONS 

 For purposes of this Policy, the following
capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

(1) "Accounting Restatement" means an accounting restatement
due to the material noncompliance of the Trust with any financial reporting
requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting
restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements
that is material to the previously issued financial statements (a "Big R"
restatement), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error
were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period
(a "little r" restatement). 

(2) "Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation" means all Incentive-based
Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after the effective
date of the applicable NYSE rules, (ii) after beginning service as an
Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time
during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based
Compensation (whether or not such Executive Officer is serving at the time
the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Trust),
(iv) while the Trust has a class of securities listed on a national securities
exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable
Clawback Period (as defined below). 

(3) "Clawback Period" means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement,
the three completed fiscal years of the Trust immediately preceding the
Restatement Date (as defined below), and if the Trust changes its fiscal year,
any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately following
those three completed fiscal years. 

(4) "Erroneously Awarded Compensation" means, with respect to each
Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of
Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of
Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it
been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any
taxes paid. 

(5) "Executive Officer" means each individual who is currently or was
previously designated as an "officer" of the Trust as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)
under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an
executive officer for purposes of this Policy shall include each executive
officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, as
applicable, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer (or, if there is no principal accounting officer, the controller). 

(6) "Financial Reporting Measures" means measures that are determined and
presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Trust's financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly
or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return (and
any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total
shareholder return) shall, for purposes of this Policy, be considered Financial
Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure
need not be presented in the Trust's financial statements or included in a
filing with the SEC. 

(7) "Incentive-based Compensation" means any compensation that is granted,
earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial
Reporting Measure. 

(8) "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange. 

(9) "Received" means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation,
actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed
received in the Trust's fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting
Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even
if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive
Officer occurs after the end of that period. 

(10) "Restatement Date" means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the
Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Trust authorized to
take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably
should have concluded, that the Trust is required to prepare an Accounting
Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized
body directs the Trust to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

 Effective as December 1, 2023 

Exhibit A 

 ATTESTATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF POLICY FOR THE
RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

By my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that:

 - I have received and read
the attached Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
(this " Policy ). 

 - I hereby agree to abide
by all of the terms of this Policy both during and after my employment
with the Trust, including, without limitation, by promptly repaying or
returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Trust as determined
in accordance with this Policy. 

 Signature: ______ /s/ John R. Van Kirk ____________ 

 Printed Name: _____ John R. Van Kirk ____________ 

 Date:___________ December 15, 2023 ___________ 

</EX-97>

<EX-99>
 7
 x99-120524.htm

North European Oil Royalty Trust 10-K (FY2024) 
 
 North European Oil Royalty Trust

Calculation of Cost Depletion Percentage
 
 For 2024 Calendar Year 
 Based on the Estimate of Remaining Proved Producing
 
 Reserves in the Northwest Basin of the 
 Federal Republic of Germany 
 As of October 1, 2024 

GRAVES & CO.
CONSULTING LLC 
 HOUSTON, TEXAS 

Table of Contents 

Discussion
 2 

Description of Holdings 2 

Oldenburg
Area - Sales and Reserves 
 3 

Total Sales
 4 

Gross
Reserves 4 

Net
Reserves and Sales 5 

Limitations of Available Data 6 

Overview of Natural Gas Processing 7 

Description of Grossenkneten Plant 7 

Changes in ExxonMobil's Plant Operations
 8 

Impacts on Future Trust Royalty Income
 8 

Uncertainties Related to Future Gas Plant
Operations 8 

Reserves Estimates 8 

Calculation of Cost Depletion Percentage 
 9 

Attachments 

Attachment
A: Reserve Summary and Five-Year Net Sales History 

Attachment B: Calculation of Total Cost
Depletion Percentage 

Definitions of Reserves 

Certificate of Qualification 

Graves & Co.
Consulting 
 Oil and Gas
Reserves and Valuations 

December 5, 2024 

The Trustees of 
North European Oil Royalty Trust 
P. O. Box 187 
Keene, New Hampshire 03431 

 Ref: North European Oil Royalty Trust 
Calculation of the Cost Depletion Percentage 
For the Calendar Year 2024 

 Trustees: 

 In accordance with the request of the Trustees of
North European Oil Royalty Trust (the "Trust"), Graves & Co.
Consulting LLC of Houston, Texas has performed the calculations
necessary to derive the cost depletion percentage for the 2024
calendar year. The cost depletion percentage was prepared for use
by unit owners of the Trust in filing federal income tax returns.
In order to calculate the cost depletion percentage, we prepared a
report of the estimated remaining proved producing reserves
attributable to the overriding royalty interests of the Trust in
the Northwest German Basin of the Federal Republic of Germany with
an effective date of October 1, 2024. 

 We have reviewed all available information with
respect to 100 of the Trust's proved developed properties used in
the calculation of the cost depletion percentage as discussed later
in this report. It is our opinion that these properties represent
all of the Trust's assets that may be classified as proved for this
purpose as per the Securities and Exchange Commission directives
detailed later in this report. 

 The reserves associated with this review have been
classified in accordance with the definitions of the Securities and
Exchange Commission as found in Part 210-Form and Content of and
Requirements for Financial Statements, Securities Act of 1933,
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Public Utility Holding Company Act
of 1935, Investment Company Act of 1940, Investment Advisers Act of
1940, and Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975, under Rules of
General Application Section 210.4-10 financial accounting and
reporting for oil and gas producing activities pursuant to the
Federal securities laws and the Energy Policy and Conservation Act
of 1975. 

 The proved producing reserves are as of October 1,
2024 and the reported sales are for the twelve-month period ending
September 30, 2024. Use of the period ending September 30, 2024
is consistent with prior years and allows the timely calculation of
the royalty reserves and the cost depletion percentage for the
calendar year. Throughout this report the unit price used for crude
oil, condensate, natural gas, and sulfur is based upon the prices in
effect at the time of the royalty calculations. The price for each
of the products is then averaged for the twelve-month period to arrive
at the unit price. 

 Based on the results of our calculation of estimated
remaining proved producing reserves contained in the first part of this
report, we have performed the calculations necessary to derive the cost
depletion percentage for the 2024 calendar year. As detailed in
Attachment B, the cost depletion percentage for the 2024 calendar
year for Trust unit owners is equal to 10.0543 of the unit owner's
cost basis as of January 1, 2024. 

 Discussion 

 The scope of this study was to review the limited
information we were able to compile and to prepare an estimate of the
proved producing reserves subject to the Trust's royalty interests from
which the cost depletion percentage could be calculated. We prepared
reserve estimates using acceptable evaluation principles for each source.
These estimates were based in large part on the limited information
supplied by the operator of the relevant properties. 

 The quantities presented herein are estimated reserves
of oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and sulfur that geological and
engineering data demonstrate can be recovered from known reservoirs under
current economic conditions with reasonable certainty. 

 Description of Holdings 

 The Trust holds various overriding royalty rights on
sales of gas, sulfur and oil from certain concessions and leases in
the Federal Republic of Germany. The Oldenburg concession
(1,386,000 acres), located in the federal state of Lower Saxony, is
held by Oldenburgische Erdolgesellschaft ("OEG"). OEG in turn is owned
by Mobil Erdgas-Erdol GmbH ("Mobil Erdgas"), the German subsidiary of
ExxonMobil Corp. and by BEB Erdgas und Erdol GmbH ("BEB"), a joint
venture of ExxonMobil Corp. and the Royal Dutch Shell Group of Companies.
As a result, by direct and indirect ownership, ExxonMobil Corp. owns
two-thirds of OEG and the Royal Dutch Shell Group owns one-third of
OEG. 

 In 2002 Mobil Erdgas and BEB formed a new company
ExxonMobil Production Deutschland GmbH to carry out all exploration,
drilling and production within the Oldenburg concession. All sales
activities are still handled by either Mobil Erdgas or BEB. 

 The Oldenburg concession is currently the primary
source of royalty income for the Trust. All proved producing
reserves within the Oldenburg concession are covered by this report.
Although the Trust has royalty interests in other areas, these areas
are no longer used in the calculation of the annual cost depletion
percentage because there is minimal current production. 

 The Trust's rights in the Oldenburg concession are
described as follows: 

 Under one set of rights covering the western part
of the Oldenburg concession (approximately 662,000 acres), the Trust
receives a royalty payment of 4 on gross receipts from sales by
Mobil Erdgas of gas well gas, oil well gas, crude oil and condensate
("Mobil Agreement"). Under the Mobil Agreement there is no deduction
of costs prior to the calculation of royalties from gas well gas or
oil well gas, which together account for over 99 of all
the royalties under said agreement. 

Under another series of rights covering the entire Oldenburg
concession and pursuant to an agreement with OEG, the Trust receives
royalties at the rate of 0.6667 on gross receipts from sales of gas
well gas, oil well gas, crude oil, condensate and sulfur (removed
during the processing of sour gas) less a certain allowed deduction
of costs ("OEG Agreement"). 

Under the OEG Agreement, 50 of the field handling and treatment costs
as reported for state royalty purposes are deducted from gross sales
receipts prior to the calculation of the royalty to be paid to the
Trust. Sulfur is a by-product of gas production and is not considered
in the computation of total cost depletion. 

The Trust is also entitled to receive from Mobil Erdgas a 2 
royalty payment on gross receipts from sales of sulfur obtained as a
by-product of sour gas produced from the western part of Oldenburg.
However, the payment of the sulfur royalty is provisional on whether
Mobil Erdgas' selling price meets or exceeds the indexed base price.
Sulfur is a by-product of gas production and is not considered in the
computation of total cost depletion. 

 Oldenburg
Area - Sales and Reserves 

 The Trust's royalty income currently comes
exclusively from the Oldenburg area. Gas production accounts for
the majority of the income; however, the hydrogen sulfide in much of
the gas produced necessitates its removal before the gas can be sold.
At the Grossenkneten desulfurization plant, the hydrogen sulfide in
sour gas is removed. The plant's present input capacity stands at
approximately 200 million cubic feet ("MMcf") per day following
ExxonMobil's retirement of Unit 3 in April 2017, and more recently by
the retirement of Unit 2 in June 2023. The elimination of two of the
plant's three trains has effectively reduced the input capacity by
two-thirds. 

 Total Sales 

 During the twelve months ending September 30, 2024,
total sales for the Oldenburg area were as follows: 
 
 Total Sales 
 West 
 East 
 Total 

Gas Well Gas - MMCF 
 12,591.5 
 30.334.0 
 42,925.5 

 Oil Well Gas - MMCF 
 3.6 
 1.0 
 4.6 

 Oil & Condensate - Barrels 
 62,029.0 
 18,567.8 
 80,596.8 

 Sulfur - Short Tons 
 58,572.0 
 156,525.4 
 215,097.4 

In comparison to gross sales during the twelve months ending
September 30, 2023, gas well gas sales for the current period are down
consistent with normal decline. Oil sales in the West are up as a result of
a strong first half; oil sales in the East are up and back on trend after a
down first quarter in 2023. Sulfur sales are down due to the changes in gas
plant work in the fourth quarter of 2023. 

 Gross Reserves 

Estimated gross remaining proved producing reserves
attributable to the total Oldenburg area as of October 1, 2024 are
as follows: 

Gross Reserves 
 West 
 East 
 Total 

Gas Well Gas - MMCF 
 119,827.3 
 249,679.3 
 369,524.6 

 Oil Well Gas - MMCF 
 11.2 
 0.0 
 11.2 

 Oil & Condensate - Barrels 
 141,306.5 
 0.0 
 141,306.5 

 Sulfur - Short Tons 
 617,523.5 
 1,520,918.3 
 2,138,441.8 

In comparison to gross reserves for the period ending
September 30, 2023, gross reserves for the current period are down across
the board based on much lower gas prices and higher operating expenses,
which shorten the economic life. Gas well gas reserves are down 28 ;
oil well reserves are down 82 ; sulfur reserves are down 25 . 

Net Reserves and Sales 

 To present an accurate picture of estimated proved
producing reserves net to the Trust, the gross reserve figures
outlined above must be modified by the impact of the different
royalty rates in effect in the Oldenburg concession. A comparison of
the Trust's overriding royalty rates in both the western and eastern
areas of Oldenburg is as follows: 

Royalty Source 
 West 
 East 

 Mobil Erdgas Gas & Oil 
 4 
 0 

 Mobil Erdgas Sulfur 
 2 
 0 

BEB Gas & Oil 
 0.6667 (1) 
 0.6667 (1) 

BEB Sulfur 
 0.6667 (1) 
 0.6667 (1) 

(1) Prior to the
calculation of royalties, 50 of costs as reported for state royalty
 purposes are deducted. 

The application of these royalty rates to the estimated
gross remaining proved producing reserves attributable to the western
and eastern Oldenburg areas yields the combined estimated proved
producing reserves net to the Trust. The Trust's estimated remaining
net proved producing reserves as of October 1, 2024 and net sales for
the twelve month period ending September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

Net Reserves & Sales 
 Reserves 
 Sales 

 Gas Well Gas - MMCF 
 6,743.8 
 715.0 

 Oil Well Gas - MMCF 
 0.5 
 0.2 

Oil & Condensate - Barrels 
 6,136.0 
 2,793.6 

Sulfur - Short Tons 
 24,878.1 
 2,479.0 

A summary of net proved producing reserves by product
and a five-year history of net sales attributable to the royalty
interests of the Trust are presented in Attachment A. Net gas well
gas and sulfur reserves are down about 15 compared to 2023 because
of lower prices. Net oil reserves are down about 81 from 2023 due
primarily to higher operating expenses shortening the economic life. 

 Limitations of Available
Data 

 The reserves considered in this report are defined as
proved producing reserves. Proved producing reserves are limited to
those quantities which can be expected to be recoverable commercially
from known reservoirs at current prices and costs, under existing
regulatory practices and with existing conventional equipment and
operating methods. Proved producing reserves do not include either
proved developed non-producing reserves or any class of probable and
possible reserves. 

 The estimate of reserves included in this report is
based primarily upon production history or analogy with wells in the
area producing from the same or similar formations. Typically,
geological data, well reports, and well tests are available and
utilized in evaluations; however, no such data was made available
for 2024 or prior years. 

 The reserves included in this report are estimates
only and should not be construed as being exact quantities. The
accuracy of the estimates is dependent upon the quality of available
data and upon the independent geological and engineering interpretation
of that data. The quantities presented herein are estimated reserves
of hydrocarbons and produced products that geological and engineering
data demonstrate can be recovered from known reservoirs under current
economic conditions with reasonable certainty. Reserve estimates
presented in this report are calculated using acceptable methods and
procedures and are believed to be appropriate and reasonable; however,
future reservoir performance may justify revision of these
estimates. 

 For the purpose of this report, estimated reserves are
scheduled for recovery primarily on the basis of actual producing rates
or appropriate well test information. They were prepared giving
consideration to engineering and geological data, anticipated producing
mechanisms, the number and types of completions, as well as past
performance of analogous reservoirs. Individual well production
histories, when available, were analyzed and an appropriate daily
producing rate was utilized for each individual well in the
preparation of a forecast of future producing rates until an
anticipated economic limit. 

 No information was received from the operator concerning
activity in the field other than that there was no drilling activity. 

 The estimates of reserves and the forecasted rates of
production may be subject to regulation by various agencies, changes in
market demand or other factors. Consequently, the volumes of reserves
recovered, and the actual rates of recovery, may vary from the estimates
included herein. 

 The Trust, as an overriding royalty interest owner,
does not receive proprietary data from the operator on
producing wells. Data, such as logs, core analysis, reservoir tests,
pressure tests, gas analyses, geologic maps, and individual well
production histories on all of the wells which are used in volumetric
and material balance type reserve estimates, are not available to the
Trust. The lack of such data increases the inherent uncertainties of
our reserve estimate. 

 The Trust receives quarterly statements from the
operators that report gross production, gross sales, gross revenue,
gross operating expense, and
net revenue. Utilizing the
same procedures as in prior years, this information has
been used to prepare this annual report. In addition, the Trust retains
a part-time consultant in Germany who is familiar with the German
petroleum industry in general and the operating companies in particular.
His periodic reports and communications were considered in the
preparation of this report. 

 Overview of Natural Gas
Processing 

 ExxonMobil operates a natural gas processing plant,
the Grossenkneten Plant at Grossenkneten, Lower Saxony, Germany,
located approximately 40 kilometers to the west of Bremen. The plant
is designed to remove non-hydrocarbon impurities from the natural gas
produced on the Oldenburg concession, especially hydrogen sulfide.
The Grossenkneten plant has supplied natural gas and sulfur to Germany
for over 50 years. Seventy-five percent (75 of the natural gas
produced on the Oldenburg concession is sour gas requiring
desulfurization at the plant. The following paragraphs provide a
description of the plant and changes in ExxonMobil's
operation of the plant that have impacted Trust royalty income this
year and that may have an impact on Trust royalty income in the
future. 

 Description of
Grossenkneten Plant 

 The Grossenkneten Plant consists of complex natural
gas desulfurization and dehydration, sulfur recovery ("Claus-process"),
waste gas purification and ancillary facilities. The ancillary
facilities include a steam boiler, a gas engine, emergency flaring
facilities and a condensing power station. 

 Every ten years, the plant is shut down for extensive
refurbishment and maintenance, including safety checks and efficiency
improvements. Given the hydrogen sulfide content of the natural gas,
safety requirements for working on the site are very stringent. The
most recent refurbishment occurred from August to October 2020 and
included 3,200 individual maintenance and installation activities.
The refurbishment employed 600 contractors, and the work injected 30
million euros into the local and regional economies. A new gas/gas
heat exchanger was installed, improving the plant's energy efficiency.
Following the refurbishment work, the plant was re-certified for
another ten years, until 2030. 

 Changes in
ExxonMobil's Plant Operations 

 The Grossenkneten Plant originally had three trains
in use desulfurizing and dehydrating natural gas. Each operating
train had a treatment capacity of approximately 2.0 billion cubic
meters per year of untreated sour gas. ExxonMobil retired Unit 3
in April 2017, effectively reducing the plant input capacity at
that time by one-third. Consistent with the inherent decline of
Oldenburg gas production, ExxonMobil shut down a second of the
three trains during the summer of 2023. As of June 2023, only one
train remains in use and throughput is understood to be at capacity. 

 Impacts on Future
Trust Royalty Income 

 Last year, the Trust's German consultant informed us
that changes in plant operations would result in curtailments until
the end of the first quarter in 2024. With the completion of this
work, most production forecasts have now been brought back to their
prior decline trend. 

 ExxonMobil's shutdown of the second train at
Grossenkneten should result in a reduction of certain costs deducted
from the Trust's gross royalties. Offsetting these reductions will be
increased unit-of-production operating expenses which are the
inevitable result of declining production volumes. 

 Uncertainties
Related to Future Gas Plant Operations 

 We possess insufficient data from the plant's operator,
ExxonMobil, to make a quantitative assessment of the uncertainties
related to the economics of future long-term operations at the
Grossenkneten Plant. Accordingly, Graves has decided not to allocate
a risk factor to the reserve calculations used in the preparation of
this report attributable to such uncertainties. Full retirement of
the Grossenkneten plant at some time in the future could potentially
mean the end of production from the Oldenburg concession and of the
Trust's royalty income. The producing life of the concession and the
oil, gas, and sulfur reserves attributable thereto that are set forth
in this report would in such an event be cut short. 

 Reserve Estimates 

 We believe that reserve estimates prepared using all
the available data are appropriate and sufficient for the calculation
of the cost depletion percentage. However, due to the limitations of
available data, this estimate of reserves cannot have the same degree
of accuracy that an estimate of reserves prepared using all pertinent
data would have. Our experience in the evaluation of reserves using
such limited data compensates somewhat for the limitations of available
data. 

 The data in the reports received by the Trust is in
metric tons and cubic meters. The following Metric to English Unit
conversion factors were used: 

Gas: 
 37.25 cubic feet per cubic meter at 14.7 psia and 60 degrees
Fahrenheit 

 Oil: 
 7.23 barrels per metric ton 

 Sulfur: 
 1.1 short tons per metric ton 

Calculation of Cost Depletion
Percentage 

 The categories of proved producing reserves considered
in the calculation of the cost depletion percentage are oil, oil well
gas, and gas well gas. Sulfur is a by-product of gas production and is
not considered in the computation of total cost depletion percentage. 

 For each category of reserves, a product base was
established for the Trust as of January 1, 1976. Through the use of
these product bases, we can account for the relative size of each of
these categories of reserves and the corresponding impact on the
calculation of the cost depletion percentage. The product base for each
category of proved producing reserves is reduced annually by an
adjustment that is calculated by multiplying the product base at the
beginning of the current year by the depletion factor for that category
of reserves. 

 The depletion factor for each category of reserves is
the ratio of the relevant net sales during the current year to the
corresponding adjusted net proved producing reserves at the beginning
of the current year. 

 Significant items in the cost depletion percentage
calculation that appear on Attachment B as specific item numbers, shown
in parentheses and their sources are as follows: 

The adjusted estimated net proved producing
reserves as of 10/1/2023 Line (3) is obtained by adding the estimated
remaining net proved producing reserves as of 10/1/2023 Line (1) and
the adjustments to reserves during the period Line (2). Therefore
Line (3) = Line (1) + Line (2). 

 The depletion factor Line (6) for each
category of proved producing reserves is obtained by dividing the
relevant net sales Line (4) by the corresponding adjusted estimated net
proved producing reserves as of 10/1/2023 Line (3). Therefore Line (6)
= Line (4) / Line (3). 

 The product base for each category of proved
producing reserves as of 1/1/2023 Line (7) and the adjustment taken
during 2023 Line (8) were obtained from the previous year's report.
The product base as of 1/1/2024 Line (9) forms the initial starting
point for the calculation of the cost depletion percentage for the
2024 tax year. The product base for 1/1/2024 Line (9) then is Line (7)
- Line (8). 

 The adjustment to the product base for each
category of proved producing reserves Line (10) is used to reduce the
product base as of the beginning of each year. This adjustment is the
product of the depletion factor for each category of proved producing
reserves Line (6) multiplied by the corresponding product base as of
1/1/2024 Line (9). Therefore Line (10) = Line (6) x Line (9). 

 The cost depletion percentage Line (11) then
is the sum of the adjustment to the product base of each category of
proved producing reserves [Sum Line (10)] divided by the sum of the
product base for each category as of 1/1/2024 [Sum Line (9)]. Therefore
Line (11) = [Sum Line (10)] / [Sum Line (9)]. 

The cost depletion percentage represents the total
allowable cost depletion for the 2024 calendar year for the Trust's unit
owners, expressed as a percentage of their cost base as of January 1,
2024. 

 Neither Graves & Co. Consulting, LLC nor any of its
directors, officers, employees or contractors have any interest in
the subject properties and neither the engagement to make this study
and calculation nor our compensation is contingent on our estimate of
reserves or the results of our calculation. 

 We appreciate the opportunity to be of service to you
in this matter and will be glad to address any questions or inquiries
you may have. 

Sincerely yours, 

 GRAVES & CO. CONSULTING LLC 

/s/ John L. Graves 
 
 John L. Graves. 
 President 
 
 /s/ Mel F. Hainey, P.E. 
 
 Mel F. Hainey, P.E. 
 Sr. Reservoir Engineer 

Attachment A 

 North European Oil Royalty Trust 
 Reserve Summary and Five Year Net Sales
History 
 (All values expressed in whole numbers.)

Estimated Net Proved Producing Reserves 
as of October 1, 2024 

Oldenburg 

Gas Well 
 Oil Well 

Gas 
 Gas 
 Oil/Cond. 
 Sulfur 

MMcf 
 MMcf 
 Barrels 
 Short Tons 

6,744 
 1 
 6,136 
 24,878 

Five Year Net Sales Summary 
12 Months Ending September 30, 2024 

Oldenburg 

Gas Well 
 Oil Well 

Gas 
 Gas 
 Oil/Cond. 
 Sulfur 

MMcf 
 MMcf 
 Barrels 
 Short Tons 

2024 
 715 
 0 
 2,794 
 2,479 

2023 
 759 
 0 
 2,709 
 2,722 

2022 
 903 
 1 
 2,791 
 3,255 

2021 
 882 
 1 
 2,779 
 3,110 

2020 
 940 
 5 
 2,877 
 3,334 

Attachment B 

North European Oil Royalty Trust 
 Calculation of Total Cost Depletion Percentage 
 
 For the Year Ending September 30, 2024 

OLDENBURG

Gas Well 
 Oil Well 

Gas 
 Gas 
 Oil 

MMCF 
 MMCF 
 Barrels 

NEORT NET RESERVES 
(Million Cubic Feet of Gas and 
Barrels of Oil) 

1. Estimated remaining net proved
 
 producing reserves as of 10-1-2023 
 7,828.4 
 0.5 
 32,798.1 

2. Adjustment to reserves
during period 
 -369.6 
 0.2 
 -23,868.5 

3. Adjusted est. net proved
producing 
 reserves as of 10-1-2023 
 7,458.8 
 0.7 
 8,929.6 

4. Net sales from 10-1-2023 to 9-30-2024 
 715.0 
 0.2 
 2,793.6 

5. Estimated remaining net proved 
 producing reserves as of 10-1-2024 
 6,743.8 
 0.5 
 6,136.0 

RESERVE DEPLETION FACTOR 

6. Depletion factor 
 0.09586 
 0.28571 
 0.31285 

NEORT WEIGHTED PRODUCT 
BASE ALLOCATION 

7. Product base as of 1-1-2023 
 0.93972 
 0.00000 
 0.02045 

8. Less adjustments taken during 2023 
 0.08306 
 0.00000 
 0.00156 

9. Product base as of 1-1-2024 
 0.85666 
 0.00000 
 0.01889 

10. 2024 Adjustment to product base 
 0.08212 
 0.00000 
 0.00591 

11. Cost
depletion percentage for 2024 calendar year for Trust unit 
 owners is equal to 10.0543 percent
of their 1-1-2024 cost base. 

 Footnotes: 

 Line (1) from reserves review as of
10-1-2023 
Line (2) from reserves review as of 10-1-2024 
Line (3) = Line (1) + Line (2) 
Line (4) from BEB and Mobil Erdgas statements 
Line (5) from reserves review as of 10-1-2024 
Line (6) = Line (4) / Line (3) 
Line (7) from 2023 depletion calculations 
Line (8) from 2023 depletion calculations 
Line (9) = Line (7) - Line (8) 
Line (10) = Line (9) x Line (6) 
Line (11) = Sum Line (10) / Sum Line (9)

Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Definitions of Reserves 

The following information is from the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission: 

 PART 210--FORM AND CONTENT OF AND
REQUIREMENTS FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, PUBLIC UTILITY HOLDING COMPANY ACT
OF 1935, INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF
1940, AND ENERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION ACT OF 1975 

 Rules of General Application 

 Section 210.4-10 Financial accounting and
reporting for oil and gas producing activities pursuant to the
Federal securities laws and the Energy Policy and Conservation Act
of 1975. 

 Reserves 

 Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and
gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible,
as of a given date, by application of development projects to known
accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a
reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce
or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering
oil and gas or related substances to market, and all permits and
financing required to implement the project. 

 Reserves should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs
isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs
are penetrated and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should
not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known
accumulation by a non-productive reservoir i.e., absence of
reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results).
Such areas may contain prospective resources i.e., potentially
recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). 

 Proved Oil and Gas Reserves 

 Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil
and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be
estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible--from
a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic
conditions, operating methods, and government regulations--prior to the
time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless
evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of
whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the
estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced
or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the
project within a reasonable time. 

 The area of the reservoir considered as proved
includes: 
 The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid
contacts, if any, and 

 Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with
reasonable certainty, be judged to be continuous with it and to contain
economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available
geoscience and engineering data. 

 In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a
reservoir are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in
a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance data
and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable
certainty. 

 Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a
highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an
associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the
structurally higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience,
engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the
higher contact with reasonable certainty. 

 Reserves which can be produced economically through application of
improved recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid
injection) are included in the proved classification when: 

 Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of
the reservoir with properties no more favorable than in the reservoir
as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or
an analogous reservoir, or other evidence using reliable technology
establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on
which the project or program was based; and 

 The project has been approved for development by all necessary
parties and entities, including governmental entities. 

 Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which
economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price
shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an
unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for
each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual
arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions. 

Reasonable certainty. If deterministic
methods are used, reasonable certainty means a high degree of
confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic
methods are used, there should be at least a 90 probability that the
quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. A
high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely
to be achieved than not, and, as changes due to increased availability
of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering,
and economic data are made to estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) with
time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain
constant than to decrease. 

 Reliable technology. Reliable technology
is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational
methods) that has been field tested and has been demonstrated to
provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability
in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. 

 Probable Reserves 

 Probable reserves are those additional reserves that
are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which,
together with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered. 

 When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely
as not that actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum
of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods
are used, there should be at least a 50 probability that the actual
quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable
reserves estimates. 

 Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent
to proved reserves where data control or interpretations of available
data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity of
structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty
criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that are
structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in
communication with the proved reservoir. 

 Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental
quantities associated with a greater percentage recovery of the
hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves. 

 Possible Reserves 

 Possible reserves are those additional reserves that
are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves. 

 When deterministic methods are used, the total
quantities ultimately recovered from a project have a low probability
of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When
probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 10 
probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal
or exceed the proved plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.

Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent
to probable reserves where data control and interpretations of
available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will
be in areas where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define
clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
reservoir by a defined project. 

 Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated
with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than
the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves. 

 The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible
reserves estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical
and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in
successful similar projects. 

 Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering
data identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same
accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults with
displacement less than formation thickness or other geological
discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore, and
the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in
communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves may
be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the
proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved
reservoir. 

 Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section, where direct
observation has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the
potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should
be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above
the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with reasonable
certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that
do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion may be assigned as
probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties
and pressure gradient interpretations. 

 Developed Oil and Gas Reserves 

 Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any
category that can be expected to be recovered: 

 Through existing wells with existing equipment and
 operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is
relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and 

 Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure
operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is
by means not involving a well. 

 Undeveloped Oil and Gas Reserves 

 Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any
category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled
acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is
required for recompletion. 

 Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to
those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably
certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable
technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic
producibility at greater distances. 

 Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped
reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that
they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific
circumstances, justify a longer time. 

 Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be
attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection
or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such
techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same
reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology
establishing reasonable certainty. 

 Additional Definitions: 

 Deterministic Estimate 

 The method of estimating reserves or resources is called
deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the
geoscience, engineering, or economic data) in the reserves calculation
is used in the reserves estimation procedure. 

 Probabilistic Estimate 

 The method of estimation of reserves or resources is
called probabilistic when the full range of values that could
reasonably occur for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and
engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes
and their associated probabilities of occurrence. 

 Reasonable Certainty 

 If deterministic methods are used, reasonable certainty
means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be
recovered. If probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least
a 90 probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or
exceed the estimate. A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity
is much more likely to be achieved than not, and, as changes due to
increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and
geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to estimated
ultimate recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more
likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease. 

Graves & Co.
Consulting 
 Oil and Gas
Reserves and Valuations 

 Certificate of
Qualification 

 I, Mel F. Hainey, Registered Professional
Engineer, do hereby certify: 

 1. That I am a Sr. Reservoir Engineer for the
consulting firm Graves & Co. Consulting LLC with
offices at 1800 West Loop South, Suite 750, Houston, Texas 77027. 

 2. That I have prepared a reserve report on the
interests of the North European Oil Royalty Trust in
the Northwest Basin of the Federal Republic of Germany as of
October 1, 2024 for the purpose of calculating the
cost depletion percentage applicable to Trust unit 
 owners for the 2024 calendar year. 

 3. That I have no direct or indirect interest, nor do
I expect to receive any direct or indirect interest,
in the properties or in any securities of the North European Oil
Royalty Trust. 

 4. That I attended The University of Texas at
Austin and graduated with a Bachelor of Science
Degree in Electrical Engineering in 1975 and with a Master of Science
Degree in Engineering in 1977. 

 5. That I am a Registered Professional Engineer in
the State of Texas, Registration Number 65528, and
I am a member in good standing of the Texas Society of Professional
 Engineers
and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

 6. That I have in excess of forty years of
experience in the petroleum engineering including the
evaluation of oil and gas properties in
the United States, Canada, Indonesia, Turkey and
Germany, and that I have been practicing
as a consultant in petroleum reservoir engineering
since 2016 
.

 Signed December 5, 2024

GRAVES & CO. CONSULTING LLC 

/s/ Mel F. Hainey, P.E. 
 
 Mel F. Hainey, P.E. 
 Sr. Reservoir Engineer 

</EX-99>

