<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-K_edgar_data_2013807_0001213900-24-090457.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12688301</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>593579</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2992923</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2828025</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2779457</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3200444</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-090457.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024172955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-090457
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Foxx Development Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002013807
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42285
		FILM NUMBER:		241393582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRINGS RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-666-1277

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRINGS RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-090457.txt : 20241024

10-K
 1
 ea0214958-10k_foxx.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Based on paragraph (iv) of the smaller reporting company definition
under Rule 12b-2, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of October
2, 2024, was . 

The number of shares of the common stock of the
registrant issued and outstanding as of October 22, 2024 was shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 44 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 64 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 65 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 65 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 66 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 71 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 72 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 74 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report (the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Foxx Development Holdings Inc. contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this
report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition,
any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

the
projected financial information, anticipated growth rate, and market opportunities of the Registrant; 

the ability to maintain the listing of our Common Stock and Warrants on Nasdaq; 

Our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

Our ability to raise financing in the future; 

Our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, officers, key employees, or directors; 

potential effects of extensive government regulation; 

Our future financial performance and capital requirements; 

the impact of supply chain disruptions; 

high inflation rates and interest rate increases; 

factors relating to our business, operations, and financial performances, including: 

Our
ability to compete in a changing industry and respond quickly and cost-effectively to new or emerging technologies and changes in
customer requirements; 

Our ability to generate the earnings necessary to fund our operations, continue to grow our business or repay our debt obligations; 

Our ability to establish successful relations with third-party distributors or sales agents; 

Changes in government regulations, including related to the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) and the Lifeline Program; 

Our ability to introduce new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments; 

Our ability to develop and maintain intellectual property rights; 

Our ability to raise additional capital in the future to finance our planned growth. 

ii 

We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about our business, the industry in which
we operate and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development. These forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which
cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events
and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise
any forward-looking statements contained herein until after we distribute this Annual Report, whether as a result of any new information,
future events or otherwise. 

In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms
a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are
inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

This
Annual Report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience,
trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the and symbols, but those references are not
intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable
owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 

On September 26, 2024 (the Closing ), Acri Capital Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ACAC consummated a previously announced business combination pursuant to the terms
of the business combination agreement (as amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among ACAC,
Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of ACAC (the Purchaser ), Acri Capital
Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), and Foxx Development Inc.,
a Texas corporation Foxx ), pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation Merger ),
and (ii) Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the Acquisition
Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement,
are collectively referred to as the Business Combination . Upon Closing, the Purchaser was renamed as Foxx Development
Holdings Inc. (the Registrant ). 

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual
Report to we, us, , our or the Company refer to the business and operations of
Foxx and its subsidiaries prior to consummation of the Business Combination and to Foxx Development Holdings Inc., the Registrant, and
its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Foxx Development Holdings
Inc. was incorporated under the name Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. as a Delaware corporation on November 13, 2023. 

On
September 26, 2024 (the Closing ), Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ACAC consummated
a previously announced business combination pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement (as amended from time to time,
the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among ACAC, Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of ACAC (the Purchaser ), Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Purchaser Merger Sub ), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas corporation Foxx ), pursuant to which (i) ACAC
merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation Merger ), and (ii) Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger
Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the Acquisition Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition
Merger, and the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are collectively referred to as the Business
Combination . 

Upon
Closing, the Purchaser was renamed as Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Registrant ), and the Merger Sub
was renamed as Foxx Development Inc. (the Operating Subsidiary ). 

The Business Combination 

Immediately
prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger (the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time ), which was on September
25, 2024, one business day prior to the Closing, (i) each issued and outstanding ACAC unit was automatically separated into one (1) share
of ACAC Class A common stock and one-half (1/2) of one ACAC warrant, and (ii) each share of ACAC Class A common stock held by ACAC stockholders
who validly redeemed their shares of ACAC Class A common stock (each ACAC Redeeming Share was automatically cancelled and
ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price. 

At the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time on September
25, 2024, (i) each share of ACAC Class A or Class B common stock issued and outstanding (other than ACAC Redeeming Shares) was converted
automatically into one (1) share of common stock of the Registrant, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and
(ii) each issued and outstanding ACAC warrant was converted automatically into one (1) redeemable warrant of the Registrant, exercisable
for one (1) share of the Registrant s Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Warrant ). 

At the Closing on September 26, 2024, by virtue of the Acquisition
Merger and the Business Combination Agreement, and without any action on the part of any party to the Business Combination Agreement
or affiliate or security thereof, the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Foxx Foxx Common Stock held by
exiting holders of Foxx common stock (the Foxx Stockholders immediately prior to the Closing (including shares of Foxx
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the principal and accrued interest of promissory notes of Foxx issued in the Transaction Financing,
as defined below) were cancelled and automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion
of 5,000,000 shares of the Registrant s Common Stock (the Closing Payment Stock , 500,000 of which are subject to
the Escrow Arrangement noted below), and (ii) the contingent right to receive the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares (as defined
below), if, as and when payable in accordance with the earnout provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, 500,000 shares of the Closing Payment Stock in aggregate will be deposited (the Escrow Arrangement to a
segregated escrow account and released to the Foxx Stockholders if and only if, prior to or upon the one-year anniversary of the
Business Combination Agreement, the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) managed by the U.S. Federal Communication Commission is reauthorized
by the U.S. Congress with funding of no less than 4 billion in total for such reauthorized period; or otherwise be cancelled and
forfeited by the Registrant without consideration. 

Additionally,
the Foxx Stockholders may be entitled to receive Earnout Shares , which refer to 4,200,000 shares of the Registrant s
Common Stock, subject to the vesting schedule as follows: 

(i) in connection with the financial performance for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2024: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2024 2024 Registrant Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
of the United States U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by the Registrant after Closing, reflect revenue of
the Registrant for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 (the Registrant 2024 Revenue no less than 67,000,000 (including
 67,000,000) and less than 84,000,000 (excluding 84,000,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Registrant Audited Financial Statements is no less
than 84,000,000 (including 84,000,000) and less than 100,000,000 (excluding 100,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Registrant Audited Financial Statements is no less
than 100,000,000 (including 100,000,000); 

1 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (i)(A)-(i)(C) above only once; and 

(ii) In connection with the financial performance for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2025 2025 Registrant Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form
10-K by the Registrant after Closing, reflect revenue of the Registrant for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 (the Registrant
2025 Revenue no less than 77,050,000 (including 77,050,000) and less than 96,600,000 (excluding 96,600,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Registrant Audited Financial Statements is no less
than 96,600,000 (including 96,600,000) and less than 115,000,000 (excluding 115,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Registrant Audited Financial Statements is no less
than 115,000,000 (including 115,000,000); 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (ii)(A) to (ii)(C) above only once. 

The ACAC securities previously
traded on Nasdaq were delisted without any action needed to be taken on the part of the holders of such securities and are no longer traded
on Nasdaq following the Closing. On September 27, 2024, one business day after the Closing, the Registrant s Common Stock and Warrant
became listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under trading symbols FOXX and FOXXW, respectively. 

In addition, pursuant to that
certain amendment to the Underwriting Agreement, by and between EF Hutton LLC and ACAC, dated February 20, 2024, 43,125 shares of the
Registrant s Common Stock were issued to EF Hutton LLC at the Closing. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report to we, us, , our or the
 Company refer to the business and operations of Foxx and its subsidiaries prior to consummation of the Business Combination
and to the Registrant and its subsidiary (the Operating Subsidiary) following the consummation of the Business Combination. 

The Transaction Financing 

In consideration of market
conditions, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties agreed to use commercially best efforts to secure financing to
pay transaction expense and working capital of New Foxx, including without limitation, a PIPE financing, private financing, redemption
waiver, convertible debt, forward purchase agreement, backstop, or equity line of credit (collectively, the Transaction Financing ). 

On June 21, 2023, Foxx Development Inc., a Texas
corporation Foxx ), issued a promissory note Note 1 to New Bay Capital Limited New Bay ),
in the principal amount of 2 million with an interest rate of 7 per annum, convertible into shares of Foxx common stock at 30.00
per share upon the listing of Foxx common stock through an initial public offering. On December 21, 2023, Foxx issued another promissory
note Note 2 to New Bay in the principal amount of 2 million with the same terms and conditions as Note 1. 

In connection with the Business Combination Agreement
and all the transaction contemplated therein (the Business Combination ), in the spring of 2024, Foxx and ACAC reached out
to New Bay to seek its interest in participating in further financing in connection with the Business Combination. 

After negotiations with New Bay, On March 15,
2024, Foxx and New Bay agreed to an amendment to Convertible Note Agreement, to amend Note 1 and Note 2 to remove the lock-up provisions
as provided therein and allow the unpaid principal and accrued interest on Note 1 and Note 2 to convert to Foxx common stock immediately
prior to the closing of the Business Combination. New Bay also subscribed for a new promissory note Note 3 in the principal
amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively, the New Bay Notes ). 

On March 15, 2024, Foxx
and New Bay amended the terms of the Note 1 and Note 2 accordingly and New Bay subscribed for a new promissory note Note 3 in the principal amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively New Bay
Notes ). 

2 

On February 20, 2024,
New Bay introduced Foxx to BR Technologies PTE, Ltd. BR Technologies ), a Singapore-based company. On May 30,
2024, Foxx, BR Technologies and Grazyna Plawinski Limited Grazyna entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance
of promissory notes in the amount of up to 9.0 million with an interest rate of 7 per annum under the same terms and conditions
as provided in the New Bay Notes. A promissory note was issued by Foxx to BR (the Note 4 in the principal amount of 6
million and promissory notes issued by Foxx to Grazyna (the Note 5 in the total principal amount of 3 million on September
12, 2024. 

Immediately prior to the Closing,
all the accrued and unpaid principal and interests on the New Bay Notes, Note 4, and Note 5 were converted into: (x) 212,050 shares of
Foxx common stock for the New Bay Notes, (y) 200,882 shares of Foxx common stock for Note 4, and (z) 100,690 share of Foxx common stock
for Note 5, at a price of 30.00 per share. At the Closing, all of the converted shares of Foxx common stock were cancelled in exchange
for the holders pro rata share of the Closing Payment Shares, resulting in (x) 700,473 shares of the Registrant s Common
Stock issued to New Bay, (y) 663,581 shares of the Registrant s Common Stock issued to BR Technologies, and (z) 332,614 shares of
the Registrant s Common Stock issued to Grazyna. 

Our Business 

Founded
in Texas in 2017, we are a technology innovation company in the communications sector. Since then, we have expanded our footprint to various
locations in the United States, such as San Francisco, CA, Dallas, TX, Atlanta, GA, Los Angeles, CA, Miami, FL, and New York, NY,
where we provide sales, retail, distribution, and after-sales support services, and engage in research and development of new customization
standards and services. 

We provide a range of Foxx-branded products,
including tablets, smartphones, wearables, and other high-quality communication terminals. Our products are priced competitively
after considering various factors such as product costs, research and development investments, regulatory compliance, testing expenses,
and shipping costs. Our customers are primarily third-party distributors and sales agents who sell our products in the U.S. public
channels and to major carriers in the United States such as T-Mobile, AT T, and Verizon. 

We source our products from various original design manufacturer suppliers,
providing them with detailed hardware and software specifications to handle the custom development of our products. Once our products
are manufactured, we collaborate with third-party agencies to obtain the required testing and certification, such as Equipment Authorizations
from the Federal Communication Commission (the FCC and certifications from the Global Mobile Suppliers Association. This
enables our products to be compliant and ready for the market, allowing us to maintain our reputation for quality and reliability. 

While we have generated most of our revenue from the sales of tablets
and smartphones, we have been preparing to enter the U.S. Internet-of-Things IoT markets and potentially the private
label Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO market, with the aim of growing into a key player both domestically and globally.
We expect to enter these markets by adding additional features and providing related services that enable Foxx-branded devices to
have IoT and MVNO capabilities. We believe this strategy will allow us to stand out among our competitors who also sell to major carriers. 

Current Products 

Our current revenue stream
is primarily derived from the sales of tablets and smartphones. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we achieved sales of approximately
12,000 tablets and 80,000 smartphones sold, generating approximately 3.2 million in revenue. For the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023, our sales reached approximately 491,000 tablets and approximately 76,000 smartphones sold, generating a revenue of approximately
 21.62 million. 

Tablet Products 

We produce affordable tablets
to meet the diverse needs of consumers across various demographics, aligning with our goal of democratizing technology and enhancing digital
inclusion for all. These tablets facilitate broader access to technology, enabling individuals from diverse economic backgrounds to enjoy
the benefits of digital devices while also serving as invaluable educational aids. 

3 

We have recently launched C10
LTE tablet, which is equipped with the following key features: 

10.1-Inch HD Display: Offers
vibrant visuals and ample screen real estate for immersive viewing of movies, and videos. 

MT8766 2.0GHz Processor: Delivers
smooth performance, allowing users to seamlessly navigate through apps, games, and multitasking activities. 

4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage and 8MP + 8MP Camera Setup: Allows
users to capture and store multimedia content without worrying about running out of space. 

Supporting 802.11 b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi: Provides
fast and reliable wireless internet access at home, work, or on the go. 

Thus far, we have successfully
introduced several generations of products to the market, each tailored to meet specific consumer needs and preferences. This strategic
approach not only allows us to diversify our product range but also enables us to remain agile and responsive to the evolving trends and
demands of the marketplace. By continually innovating and expanding our offerings, we aim to ensure that we remain at the forefront of
meeting the diverse needs of our consumers. 

Mobile Phone Products 

We are committed to developing
high performance smartphones at competitive prices to provide accessibility for all. Our focus on innovation, efficient manufacturing,
and strategic partnerships allows us to deliver premium technology without compromising affordability. 

4 

In 2019, we launched our MIRO
product line to cater to users seeking an affordable smartphone with quality performance, which became available at Metro by
T-Mobile stores beginning May 20, 2019. The MIRO phone is equipped with the following key features: 

Immersive 5.45 HD Display: Enjoy
a vivid viewing experience with our immersive 5.45 HD (1280 X 640) display, great for multimedia consumption and browsing. 

Large Lasting Battery: Stay connected
longer with up to 10 hours of talking time and up to 300 hours of standby time, supported by a large 2450mAh battery. 

High-Quality Cameras: Capture
life s moments in stunning detail with the 8MP auto-focus rear camera and take brilliant selfies with the 5MP front camera. 

Google Voice Assistant: Simplify daily
tasks with Google Voice Assistant, enabling users to check the weather, search for restaurants, manage tasks, control smart home devices,
and more with just your voice. 

Quality Performance: Experience seamless
app performance and multitasking capabilities with 2GB of RAM. Store photos and music effortlessly with 16GB of built-in memory,
expandable up to 32GB via a microSD card. 

5 

Since our launch of the MIRO
phones, we have introduced multiple product generations to the market to offer a range of options that can meet evolving consumer needs.
For our current products This added product diversity caters to end-users in different demographics with varying requirements, ensuring
that everyone can find the ideal smartphone solution. With each new generation, we aim to raise the bar in delivering quality performance
at an accessible price point, empowering users to stay connected, productive, and engaged. 

Target End-Users 

Our current product lines are
tailored to cater to the following types of end-users: 

Budget Conscious/Practical
Shopper: These individuals are meticulous researchers who make informed decisions. They seek practical tablets
and smartphones to seamlessly navigate their daily digital activities, including browsing, attending online lectures, messaging, social
media interactions, calls, web browsing, GPS navigation, and photography. 

First-Time Tablets or
Smartphone Users: Embodying the essence of social connectivity, these users are driven by a fear of missing out
among peers. They are highly active online, engaging primarily in messaging, photo-sharing, gaming, and staying updated within their social
circles. Despite limited purchasing power, they aspire for visually appealing tablets phones with unique features, typically acquired
through initial jobs or parental support. 

6 

Parents of First-Time Tablets
or Smartphone Users: These individuals seek capable yet budget-friendly tablets and smartphones for their
children, understanding the importance of providing essential educational or daily functionalities without straining their finances. With
considerable purchasing power in some instances, they often begin their search online, prioritizing terms such as best value 
or affordable . Influenced significantly by pricing and reviews, they prioritize obtaining the best value proposition for
their children s needs. 

Strategic Approach to Sales and Distribution 

Third Party Customer-Driven Sales
Model 

Since inception, we have been employing the strategy of engaging with
distributors who purchase products from us and then market our products to consumers through the networks of prominent telecommunications
carriers across the United States. We have been able to achieve substantial sales by working with customers who have existing relationships
with prominent telecommunications carriers and can efficiently sell our products, allowing us to build presence in the market. In June 2018,
we entered into a Master Agreement with T-Mobile USA, Inc., marking a pivotal expansion of our strategic alliances and direct market
engagement with prominent telecommunications carriers. This collaboration exemplifies our dedication to broadening our reach and delivering
sophisticated telecommunications solutions to an extensive consumer base. 

Participation in Affordability and Accessibility
Support Programs 

In addition to our customer-driven sales model, we actively qualify
for and participate in national initiatives aimed at enhancing the affordability and accessibility of communication services for individuals
with limited income. As a certified supplier for the FCC s Lifeline and Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP), we play a vital role
in efforts to ensure essential communication services are economically accessible. ACP programs provide subsidies or discounts on communication
services for qualifying individuals. By offering devices that are compatible with these programs, we were able to attract more customers
who are eligible for subsidies, thereby increasing sales. We were able to expand our business and gain a competitive advantage in markets
where affordability and accessibility are key considerations for consumers. 

These initiatives underscore
our commitment to societal welfare, demonstrating our endeavor to not only achieve commercial success but also positively influence community
connectivity and support the needs of households for work, education, healthcare, and beyond. 

Internal Support 

In order to maximize product
accessibility across the United States, we have a team of dedicated internal sales staff and key sales agents who manage a network of
hundreds of customers spread across seven major regions. In addition to managing direct partnerships with these customers, our internal
sales team also collaborates with prominent telecommunications carriers, enabling our products to be available for sale online and in
the physical retail stores of these carriers. 

Digital Presence and E-Commerce 

We actively expand our presence in the digital marketplace by making
our products available on leading e-commerce platforms, such as Amazon, Walmart, and eBay. We believe this approach not only broadens
our reach but also caters to the preferences of digital consumers, offering them convenient access to our telecommunications solutions.
By integrating into various sales channels, both indirect and digital, we are committed to providing high-quality products to a wide
audience, driving our growth, and enhancing our position in the competitive electronics market. 

7 

Competitive Advantages 

We stand out in the competitive
communications market by leveraging its foundational advantages and core operational strategies, which encompass a range of competitive
strengths crucial for maintaining and enhancing Foxx s market position: 

Geographical Location and Market Presence 

We have established a comprehensive
network anchored by our key operational facilities across various strategic locations. We are headquartered in Irvine, CA, where we have
established a center that integrates sales, retail and distribution, and after-sale support services, and research and development
of customization capabilities. The Irvine office serves as the epicenter for our research and development and sales and marketing activities,
highlighting our commitment to innovation and market expansion. Additionally, the Dallas, TX, and Atlanta, GA, offices play instrumental
roles in executing our sales and marketing initiatives and providing essential operational support. This strategic distribution of roles
and responsibilities across our office locations allows operational efficiency and market responsiveness. 

We also maintain a strong sales presence in major metropolitan areas
such as Los Angeles, CA, Miami, FL, and New York, NY. These strategic locations are carefully selected to maximize our market
penetration and facilitate direct engagement with our diverse customer base. Through this geographically diverse presence, we offer comprehensive
after-sales services and tailored solutions, thereby reinforcing our commitment to customer satisfaction and technological leadership
in the electronics industry. 

Experienced Management Team 

Our leadership team has decades of combined experience across various
aspects of the communications sector, with more than 20 years of experience in major domestic and overseas electronics companies,
having held leadership and management roles. Mr. Greg Foley, our Chief Executive Officer, has more than 25 years of experience in
leading the sales and marketing of electronic products. Mr. James Liao, our Chief Technology Officer, has a background in electrical
engineering and has been leading product innovation and development projects for more than 26 years. Mr. Haitao Cui, our Director
and Executive Vice President, also has a background in electrical and engineering automation and over 24 years of experience in sales
and marketing of electronics. Our experienced team comprehensively understands market dynamics, consumer demands, and technological trends.
We rely on their insights and strategic decision-making to effectively navigate the complex market and to adapt and grow amidst constantly
changing industry conditions. 

8 

Build-to-Order Business Model 

We manage our inventory and
meet market demand through our build-to-order business model. Our sales begin with receiving bulk purchase orders with general product
designs, specifications, and budgets from our customers, who are third-party distributors specializing in selling mobile phones and
tablets to end-users through sales channels. We then provide our customers advice on adjustments and customize the products to secure
the desired performance within their budget. Once the product specification is determined, we work with suppliers to build customized
products that meet such our customers expectations. Over time, by listening to the demands and specifications of our customers,
we have been able to deliver high-quality, high-performance products that our customer trust and value. Our business model allows
us to effectively manage inventory costs and mitigate risks associated with changes in customer demand. We secure steady revenue from
bulk purchase orders placed by the customers. 

The orders we receive from
customers provide us with a great opportunity to understand market trends and customer demand. Direct relationships with our customers
give us an advantage in observing the changes in market demands. As a result, we can develop new models based on our understanding of
the market. After establishing a market presence through our customers, we can further diversify our revenue and profit streams. We take
our own Foxx-branded products as an initiative to innovate. Our growth strategy involves reaching more end-users through maintaining
the relationship with current customers and cultivating relationship with new customers. We aim to optimize the balance of liquidity,
profitability, and growth with a focus on increasing the mix of our product portfolio to higher-margin products and recurring revenue
streams. 

Research and Development/Innovation Capability 

We have strong competitive advantages in our product design and innovation
capabilities. Moreover, we have resources that allow us to outsource customized research and development capabilities as needed, thereby
gaining additional insights into the market and developing more robust product design and customization standards. Our innovative product
planning keeps us at the forefront of technological trends, ensuring that the company remains as the forerunner in introducing novel and
high-performance products to the market. 

Supply Chain Management 

We have efficiently managed
our supply chain through diversification of sources, strategic partnerships, optimized logistics, and efficient inventory management,
all of which have contributed to our current success. We have cultivated strong relationships with multiple suppliers in Indonesia and
Southeast Asian countries. This capability enables the company to maintain a balance between supply and demand, reduce operational costs,
and promptly respond to market changes, thereby enhancing competitiveness and customer satisfaction. 

Quality Control 

Quality is the cornerstone of our value proposition. We implement strict
quality control measures at every stage of the manufacturing process in our original equipment manufacturer factories, from material procurement
to manufacturing processes and final product testing. Our commitment to quality ensures that all our products meet the highest reliability
and performance standards, fostering trust and loyalty among customers and setting us apart from our competitors. 

These competitive advantages collectively contribute to our success
and resilience in the market. The combination of experienced leadership, innovation, efficient supply chain management, and stringent
quality control positions us as a leader in the communication section. This enables us to deliver exceptional value to customers and stakeholders
alike. 

Growth Strategies with IoT Cloud Platform 

Our IoT Cloud Platform 

We are developing a cloud platform
that aims to connect all our devices to a secure central server, creating a unified ecosystem. The platform will bring significant benefits,
particularly in systematized upgrades, more efficient IoT operations, improved human-machine interactions, enhanced data analytics,
and smarter decision-making. 

9 

The cloud platform will be
able to streamline the upgrade process for our devices. Centralized cloud server management allows for efficient updates, patches, and
new features across our product line, ensuring devices remain up to date with the latest advancements and security measures, significantly
enhancing performance and customer satisfaction. 

We will prioritize data security
and reliability in designing and developing the platform because we understand that the reliability of our cloud infrastructure is the
foundation for continuous service, trust, and confidence among customers. To achieve this, we plan to establish our centralized server
in Irvine, CA for secured data storage and management. 

The platform will facilitate
comprehensive data analytics and insights, allowing users to gain valuable insights into their personal information and habits from connected
device data. These insights will enable informed decisions, efficient operations, personalized experiences, and customized solutions based
on individual behavior and preferences. 

Our planned cloud platform
is designed to offer the following functionalities: 

Firmware-over-the-air (FOTA) software upgrade. 

Launch new software releases. 

Device and sensors management. 

SIM cards activation, provisioning and management. 

Data usage monitoring, reporting and billing management. 

Using Application Programming Interfaces (API) Software
Development Kit (SDK) to integrate many device types and IoT protocols. 

Enable both upward integration with existing
cloud service providers (e.g. Amazon Web Services (AWS)) and downward integration with 3 rd party application
for various IoT verticals (e.g., smart home, healthcare, smart building, etc.). 

IoT data management analytics using artificial intelligence
(AI) or machine learning (ML) algorithms. 

Storing data from production processes locally to prevent
security breaches. 

Data security, firewall, cyberattack alert and prevention,
data backup. 

Provide IoT standard MATTER certification (in plan). 

24x7 technical support. 

10 

We are designing an open platform
that allows compatibility and interoperability with a wide range of device types, IoT protocols, and ecosystems. We aim to provide a device
management platform for Foxx s communication terminals (such as smartphones, tablets, and IoT sensors) and also to offer software
development kits and application programming interfaces to other device manufacturers and third-party application developers. We
believe this design will allow third-party devices and apps to also integrate with our cloud platform seamlessly. Additionally, our
infrastructure will be designed to interact with multiple cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft
Azure. We believe that our unique model, which combines IoT modules, devices, data, the cloud platform, and services, positions us to
deliver comprehensive end-to-end IoT solutions to our customers. 

We have been developing the
first generation of our IoT cloud platform since February 2024 and expect to launch to the market in the third calendar quarter of 2024.
We have been allocating time and resources since the first calendar quarter of 2024 to finalize the design and setup of the cloud platform
that integrates with the AWS system. As of the date of this prospectus, we are working on final integration and testing. The first generation
of our IoT cloud platform is expected to leverage AWS cloud services and AWS IoT Core services in addition to the customized development
by us to provide device management, user management, data management and security management functions. 

In the meantime, we plan to develop a second generation of our IoT
cloud platform, driven by the vision of a much more inclusive and smarter IoT platform that is compatible with all our devices and potentially
products from other brands. This platform will integrate more advanced technologies researched and developed by Foxx, with the potential
scalability to connect tens of millions of devices. This platform is currently under construction and targeted to be launched to the market
in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. Our second-generation IoT cloud platform will involve a full IoT PaaS with the fundamental
capabilities of device management, control and status management, user management, access and permission, and physical model management.
It will support comprehensive and modern IoT communication protocols. In addition, the second-generation IoT platform will have a
full IoT SaaS capabilities with openness and flexibilities of integrating with different IoT verticals, which enables developing customized
and compatible services on multiple protocols module, vertical module, Edge module, mobile devices module, and online customized module.
It will also provide front-end apps (Android/iOS mobile apps) to the end-users to manage and monitor their IoT devices, and
offer multi-tenants services including data, notification, alert, subscription, visualization, and devices interoperable services. 

Wearables 

To complement our smartphones,
tablets, and the IoT cloud platform that we are developing to offer the end-users a fully integrated system, we are developing customization
standards for a diverse range of wearable devices, including Bluetooth watches, Bluetooth bracelets, GPS watches, 4G watches, and etc.
We are also researching for connecting wearable products with sports equipment and will work with chip manufacturers, solution providers,
and device manufacturers to develop high-quality components and equipment, enabling us to offer reliable and innovative solutions
to the end-users. 

In February 2024, we partnered with a branded device Original Equipment
Manufacturer OEM and started developing a 4G LTE kids smartwatch for major US Mobile Network Operator MNO and MVNO carriers. Our wearable devices are currently undergoing development, testing, and integration. Following this phase, we will
commence regulatory and operator lab testing. The debut of our wearable devices is expected in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. 

11 

Concurrently, we are developing smartwatches for both adults and kids
that incorporate LTE and Bluetooth technologies. We have entered into master service agreements with MNO and MVNO carrier channels, finalized
customization and specifications for both the adults smartwatches and the kids smartwatches. We are currently on track for development,
inspection, and testing according to the project milestones as set forth in the master service agreement and exhibits. Once we complete
the development and certification of the products, we expect to sell such products to third-party distributors, as well as through
open market retail and e-commerce channels. The launch date for the smartwatches for both adults and kids is in the fourth calendar
quarter of 2024. 

(The design of the kids watch to be launched
to the market during the fourth calendar quarter of 2024) 

Health and Wellness Products 

We are planning to expand our
product offering to include personal health and wellness devices. Our expansive product solution matrix in the health and wellness sector
will encompasses a diverse range of wearables, personal care products, and sports equipment. From cutting-edge health monitoring
devices like temperature, blood oxygen, and blood pressure monitors to innovative in vitro diagnostics (IVD) products, we will be at the
forefront of developing prototypes that cater to various health needs. 

Our offerings will include a variety of health-focused products such
as thermometer, blood glucose meters, and pulse oximeters, among others. We have developed and customized the Foxx Care App, and we are
currently setting up the integration between the app and the AWS cloud platform. Some of the products will enable Bluetooth connectivity,
allowing users to connect the device to the Foxx Care App and control it remotely. Currently, we have five products that are undergoing
FCC and FDA certification: Thermometer, Sphygmomanometer, Blood Oximeter, Glucose Meter, and Cervical Vertebra Treatment Instrument. The
manufacturing of these products is expected to commence in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. 

Additionally, we are developing
customization standards for personal care devices like 8-electrode body fat scales, nutrition scales, sleep monitors, toothbrushes,
neck massagers, smart jump ropes, designed to promote individual wellness and self-care. 

12 

Through our commitment to innovation
and product excellence, we strive to empower individuals to take charge of their health and well-being by offering them reliable
solutions for a healthier lifestyle. We expect to develop customization standards that allow for IoT capabilities across our range of
devices. This strategic initiative aims to equip our products with advanced connectivity features, enabling seamless integration into
the IoT ecosystem. By integrating IoT features into these products and connecting them to our developing IoT platform, our devices will
offer users enhanced functionality, enabling remote monitoring, data analytics, and personalized insights into their health and wellness
metrics. Through the development of robust customization standards, we are dedicated to delivering cutting-edge solutions that not
only meet but exceed the evolving expectations of our customers in the digital age. 

Environmental Management Solutions 

We are planning to expand our
business into smart home and smart facility management market segments (combined, to be referred to environmental management solutions ).
We are in the process of sourcing a diversified portfolio of devices and developing various modules that enable smart features on these
devices. As demonstrated below, we currently focus on products that target lighting, control, sensing, and shading. We expect to dedicate
additional resources to develop other products for heating, security, entertainment, kitchen, and other hardware and equipment that are
commonly used in commercial and residential buildings. 

To achieve our goal of becoming
a one-stop shop for environmental management solutions, we plan to source products that are essential ancillary devices
and components of a full environmental management solution from various suppliers that manufacture high-quality products. We will
integrate the appropriate modules that we will develop, as described below, using various open-source AI algorithms and technologies
into the final products we offer for environmental management solutions. These products will be designed to allow compatibility with other
environmental management solutions we offer and connectivity with the rest of Foxx-branded products. 

13 

We are currently researching and developing modules, which are hardware
or software components that can be integrated into products sourced from commonly available market components. By integrating these modules
into the products, we will enable them to connect to the Internet and share data with other connected devices and systems. Leveraging
our expertise in the IoT and Artificial-Intelligence-of-Things AIoT market, our initial focus is on developing modules
that enable seamless integration with other device components, performing essential functions within IoT and AIoT systems to create fully
functional IoT devices. Our approach provides flexibility to apply these modules across different components of IoT products, allowing
them to contribute to an integrated smart environment system that enhances the lifestyle of end users. The projects we are focusing on
at the moment are: 

Enhancing Device Management
Products with IoT Capabilities : We are developing modules that can be integrated into various building
management devices, such as HVACs, cleaning devices, robotics, and IoT sensors, into one centralized system for easier management and
monitoring. We will use open-sourced AI algorithms such as Linear Regression and Neural Networks to develop the modules. We expect
to complete a minimum viable product by the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. We launched cleaning device related pilot projects in September
2024 and scheduled additional pilot projects in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024 to conduct market testing and gather initial feedback
for future adjustments. 

Developing Digital Building
Information Technologies : We are developing modules that will enable detailed digital building information
in both 2D and 3D formats, which can aid both human users and AI-driven systems to understand the indoor environment and manage facilities
more conveniently. We expect to achieve such technological capability by using SLAM technology for semantic mapping and creating dynamic
digital representations of physical spaces. We have commenced the pilot testing in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. 

Modules Facilitating Task
Management : We are developing modules that can connect building management devices and digital building information
systems into a unified operational framework to allow real time task execution and planning supported by IoT connectivity. The modules
designed to connect devices and systems will be tested in pilot programs to evaluate their application in building management devices
and digital building information systems, assessing their operational efficiencies. 

Once we complete the development of each of the above modules, we will
conduct pilot programs and testing of such modules. These tests are expected to take place in the fourth quarters of 2024. Based on feedback
from the testing, we will make product adjustments as needed. The purpose of the pilot programs and testing is to determine if all modules
are fully operational and optimized based on real-world usage data. After that, we will prepare for a full commercial launch of the
integrated platform in the first calendar quarter of 2025. 

14 

IoT Modules 

We are building a portfolio of IoT modules, which are hardware or software
components that enable devices to connect to the Internet and share data with other connected devices and systems. Our portfolio includes
a wide range of IoT modules, including 4G LTE Cat 1 bis, Cat 4, Cat M, NB-IoT, 5G, 5G Redcap, 5G AI, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi modules.
These modules enable the connectivity and intelligence of IoT devices, allowing them to collect, transmit and process data, and communicate
with other devices and systems. Currently, we have completed the development and pre-production work for the LTE Cat 1 bis, Cat 4,
Cat M/NB-IoT, and Bluetooth modules and will undergo lab testing. We aim to launch these modules in the first calendar quarter of 2025.
We have started to develop 5G modules, 5G Redcap modules, and 5G AI modules, which may potentially launch in the second calendar quarter
of 2025. 

Warranties and Customer Services 

We provide a one-year warranty
on its products, offering after-sales service support to dealers in two ways. Dealers can opt for direct product replacement by us,
or they can choose to receive 2 after-sales service spares from Foxx. In the latter case, our customers handle after-sales service
to end-users independently after exhausting the supplied spares, without further support from us. 

Competition 

We believe the principal competitive
factors impacting the market for our products are features and functionality, performance, quality and brand. To maintain and improve
our competitive position, we must continue to expand our user base, invest in research and development, grow our distribution network,
and leverage our strategic relationships. 

Our products compete with a
variety of solutions providers in different market segments. Our current competitors include: 

Smartphones and Tablets Motorola, Inseego,
HMD, TCL, Vortex, Tinno, BLU, Sky, Maxwest, and Hot Pepper. 

IoT Products Netgear, Franklin Wireless,
TCL and ZTE. 

As the market for our solutions
and services expands, other entrants may seek to compete with us either directly or indirectly. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trademarks 

Trademarks 
 
 Registration Number 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Registration Date 

5,864,015 
 
 U.S. 
 
 September 17, 2019 

6,205,214 
 
 U.S. 
 
 November 20, 2020 

87944543 
 
 U.S. 
 
 June 1, 2018 

15 

Domain Names 

Domain 
 
 Registration Date 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 www.foxxusa.com 
 
 August 3, 2017 
 
 August 3, 2028 

Patents 

We do not currently have any registered patents. However, our research
and development team is actively assessing our customizations, specifications, and other technical expertise and know-how currently
protected as trade secrets. We plan to file patents to safeguard our technical expertise and innovations. 

Research and Development 

For the year ended June 30, 2024, our research and development
expenses amounted to 91,168, a significant portion directed towards the development of 5G development product. 

Our strategic allocation of
spending in product research and development reflects our commitment to innovation and technological advancement in emerging sectors.
To achieve our goals in IoT product development, we have engaged, and may continue to engage, in outsourcing collaborations with industry-leading partners,
leveraging their expertise and resources to accelerate our progress and ensure the delivery of cutting-edge solutions. 

Facilities 

Our facilities are leased from
independent third parties. The lease terms range from 1 to 3 years, with the option to renew upon expiration. We believe our current
facilities are generally sufficient for our present needs. However, we anticipate seeking additional space to accommodate future growth. 

Location 
 Square Footage 
 Purpose 
(Office or Manufacturing) 
 Lease 
Expiration Date 
 Monthly 
Payments 
 
 Irvine, CA 
 1548 
 Flex Space 
 09/30/2026 
 3,653.28 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 300 
 Office 
 08/04/2024 
 500.00 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 500 
 Warehouse 
 07/31/2024 
 100.00 

Employees 

As of the date of this report, we had 25 full-time
employees. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any material labor
disputes. 

Department 
 Number of Employees 
 
 Customer Service 
 1 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 8 
 
 Product Research and Testing 
 4 
 
 Information Technology 
 3 
 
 Human Resources and Administration 
 4 
 
 Finance 
 5 
 
 Total 
 25 

Certifications 

For open market products including U.S. e-commerce sites, retail
stores and distributor channels, etc., we will conduct FCC and Google Mobile Services test and obtained corresponding certifications. 

16 

FCC certification is to
ensure that an eligible electronics device only produces safe levels of radio frequency (RF). For more information, see Government
Regulation FCC Equipment Authorization below. 

GMS refers to a selected array
of Google proprietary applications and services that embody the company s core values (such as Chrome, Gmail, YouTube, Maps, PlayStore,
etc.). Android devices need the GMS certification to run all the Google proprietary applications, without which, the device will not be
able to operate any of these applications. 

Government Regulation 

FCC Equipment Authorization 

In the United States,
the FCC regulates RF devices. RF devices, including components used in cell phones, routers, and other devices we sell, are devices capable
of emitting radio frequencies by radiation, conduction, or other means. An RF device being imported, marketed, or used in the United States
is subject to the equipment authorization requirements established by the FCC and cannot be imported, marketed, or used without complying
with such requirements. Equipment authorization requirements are intended to ensure that RF devices comply with the FCC s emissions,
power level, and other technical rules. 

FCC Covered List 

Pursuant to the Secure and
Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019, the FCC created and maintains a list (Covered List) of telecommunications services
and equipment that pose an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. The FCC periodically updates the Covered
List, and companies that appear on the Covered List are subject to change based on the security determinations of the FCC and other U.S. Federal
agencies with which the FCC works. Categories of equipment made by companies, including equipment manufactured by their subsidiaries or
affiliates, on the Covered List cannot be authorized in the United States. 

Environmental Matters 

Our facilities and operations, in common with those of our industry
in general, are not subject to domestic or international laws and regulations designed to environmental protections. we have always been
dedicated to environmental protection. With a steadfast commitment to sustainable development, the brand prioritizes environmentally friendly
materials in the composition, manufacturing processes, and design of its products. It adopts eco-friendly manufacturing processes,
showcasing innovative designs that emphasize a low carbon footprint, green practices, and energy efficiency principles. Each product embodies
our comprehensive approach, seamlessly integrating environmental values into material selection, production techniques, and overall design
philosophy. 

Legal Proceedings; Product Liability 

From time to time, we may be
subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to any material legal proceedings
or subject to any material claims. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
evaluating our business, careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information set
forth in this Annual Report and in other documents that we file with the SEC. An investment in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial
condition or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently
consider immaterial. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all
or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
impair our business operations. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including
the risks described below. Certain statements in this Risk Factors section
are forward-looking statements. See Forward Looking Statements. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

We participate in a competitive industry.
Competitors with greater resources and significant experience in high-volume product manufacturing may be able to respond more
quickly and cost-effectively than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. 

We face significant competition
in developing and selling consumer electronics and IoT solutions in the communication sector. Our primary competitors for smartphones
and tablets products include Motorola, Inseego, HMD, TCL, Vortex, Tinno, BLU, Sky, Maxwest, and Hot Pepper. Our expected competitors for
IoT products are Netgear, Franklin Wireless, TCL and ZTE. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current
or future competitors. Increased competition in mobile computing platforms, data capture products, or related accessories and software
developments may result in price reductions, lower gross profit margins, and loss of market share, and could require increased spending
on research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support. Some competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish
cooperative relationships with suppliers or companies that produce complementary products, which may create additional pressures on our
competitive position in the marketplace. 

Most of our competitors have
longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing
and other resources and experience than we do. In addition, because of the higher volume of components that many of our competitors purchase
from their suppliers, they are able to keep their supply costs relatively low and, as a result, may be able to recognize higher margins
on their product sales than we do. Many of our competitors may also have existing relationships with the channel partners who we use to
sell our products, or with our potential customers. This competition may result in reduced prices, reduced margins and longer sales cycles
for our products. Our competitors may also be able to more quickly and cost-effectively respond to new or emerging technologies and
changes in customer requirements. The combination of brand strength, extensive distribution channels and financial resources of the larger
vendors could cause us to lose market share and could reduce our margins on our products. If any of our larger competitors were to commit
greater technical, sales, marketing and other resources to our markets, our ability to compete would be adversely impacted. If we are
unable to successfully compete with our competitors, our sales will suffer and as a result our financial condition will be adversely impacted. 

We have a relatively short operating history
which may not be indicative of our future performance or financial results and if our revenue and earnings growth are not sustainable,
we may not be able to generate the earnings necessary to fund our operations, continue to grow our business or repay our debt obligations. 

Our relatively short operating history may not be indicative of our
future performance or financial results. There is no assurance that we will be able to grow our revenues and earnings in future periods.
Our growth rates may decline for any number of possible reasons, and some of them are beyond our operating entity s control, including
decreasing customer demand, increasing competition, emergence of alternative business models, or changes in government policies or general
economic conditions. We expect to continue to expand our sales network and product offerings to bring greater convenience to our customers
and to increase our customer base and number of transactions. However, the execution of our expansion plan is subject to uncertainty and
the total number of items sold and number of transacting customers may not grow at the rate we expect for the reasons stated above. If
our growth rates decline, investors perceptions of our business and prospects may be adversely affected and the market price of
our Common Stock could decline accordingly. 

We currently rely and may continue to rely
on a limited number of third-party suppliers to produce our products. If these parties do not produce our products at a satisfactory quality,
in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or at an acceptable cost, our sales and development efforts could be delayed or otherwise
negatively affected. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, we selectively concentrated our
resources on our tablet and mobile phone products, as they held the strongest market potential and revenue generation capability due to
the increased demand for these products when remote work and online classes became more prevalent. Additionally, our customers, who are
the distributors of our products, were willing to pay in full before manufacturing and delivery. Under our build-to-order business
model, once we determine the product specifications of our customers, we work with suppliers, who are original equipment manufacturers,
for the production of our products. To fulfill customer orders, we place purchase orders with suppliers, specifying the item description,
quantity, and price of the products. We pay approximately 20 of the total purchase price upfront and the remaining balance upon shipment.
We do not have short-term or long-term agreements with our suppliers and just rely on purchase orders. Because we had limited
product lines, consisting mainly of our tablet and mobile phone products during the year ended December 31, 2023, we relied on a
limited number of suppliers to fulfill our manufacturing needs. For the year ended June 30, 2024, three suppliers accounted for 49 ,
31 and 18 of the Company s total purchases. For the year ended June 30, 2023, one supplier accounted for 100 of the
Company s total purchases. 

18 

Now that the COVID-19 pandemic
has ended, if we continue to have limited product lines, we may continue to rely on a limited number of suppliers for the products we
plan to launch. As of the date of this prospectus, we have begun changing our business strategy from relying on a limited number of suppliers
to expanding the number of suppliers and lowering supplier concentration by actively increasing our business scale and expanding our product
lines. We have added seven new suppliers to manufacture additional product lines to meet evolving customer demand. 

We carefully select suppliers
capable of meeting our customization requirements while maintaining the quality standards we demand and adhering to the desired timeframe
for product launches. Although there are numerous suppliers of comparable quality worldwide, any disruptions to our current supply chain
could lead to production delays and necessitate the allocation of time and resources for engaging with new suppliers. Additionally, transitioning
to new suppliers may require extra time to communicate our customization needs effectively or to make adjustments to meet our specifications.
Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to manufacture our future products may present significant risks to us, including the following: 

reduced control over delivery schedules, yields and product
reliability; 

price increases; 

manufacturing deviations from internal and regulatory specifications; 

the failure of a key manufacturer to perform as we require
for technical, market or other reasons; 

difficulties in establishing additional manufacturer relationships
if we are presented with the need to transfer our manufacturing process technologies to them; 

misappropriation of our intellectual property; and 

other risks in potentially meeting our product development
schedule or satisfying the requirements of our market partners, distributors, direct customers and end users. 

If we need to enter into agreements
for the manufacturing of our future products, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so on favorable terms, if at all. 

There could be a significant
disruption in the supply of components from current sources or, in the event of a disruption, our contract manufacturers might not be
able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price or at all. Further, our unaffiliated contract
manufacturers have experienced and may continue to experience in the future, unexpected increases in work wages, whether government mandated
or otherwise and increases in compliance costs due to governmental regulation concerning certain metals used in the manufacturing of our
products. In addition, we cannot be certain that our unaffiliated manufacturers will be able to meet our product customizations or fill
our orders in a timely manner. If we experience significant increases in demand, or reductions in the availability of materials, or need
to replace an existing manufacturer, there can be no assurance additional supplies of components or additional manufacturing capacity
will be available when required on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that any supplier or manufacturer would allocate sufficient capacity
to us in order to meet our product customizations. In addition, even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or sources
of components, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train suppliers and manufacturers
in our methods, products, quality control standards and labor, health and safety standards. Any delays, interruption or increased costs
in labor or wages, or the supply of materials or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail
customer and consumer demand for our products and result in lower revenues and net income both in the short- and long-term. 

Because independent manufacturers
make all of our products outside of our principal sales markets, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographic
distances. Delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes,
infrastructure congestion or other factors, and costs and delays associated with consolidating or transitioning between manufacturers,
could adversely impact our financial performance. In addition, manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our products may require
us to use faster, but more expensive, transportation methods such as air freight, which could adversely affect our profit margins. The
cost of oil is a significant component in manufacturing and transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum products can
adversely affect our profit margins. Changes in U.S. trade policies, including new and potential changes to import tariffs and existing
trade policies and agreements, could also have a significant impact on our activities in foreign jurisdictions, and could adversely affect
our results of operations. The Ukraine war, Israel-Hamas war, inflationary trends, shifts in consumer purchasing patterns, availability
of transport, labor shortages in the shipping, trucking, and warehousing industries, port strikes, infrastructure congestion, equipment
shortages and other factors have all contributed to delivery delays, greater costs and uncertainty in arranging and scheduling transport
of our products. If we are unable to reliably and consistently arrange shipment and storage of our products, we may be unable to ship,
deliver and store our products in which case, we will have to reverse sales and issue refunds to purchasers of our products. Supply chain
disruptions, both domestic and international, have adversely impacted our operations. Continued disruptions in our supply chain and adverse
consequences from aggressive trade policies could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and financial performance. 

19 

We currently rely on a limited number of
third-party distributors and sales agents for the distribution of our current products and may continue to depend on them for future products.
If we are unable to establish successful relations with third-party distributors or sales agents, or such third-party distributors or
sales agents do not focus adequate resources on selling our products or are otherwise unsuccessful in selling them, sales of our products
may not develop. 

Currently, our customers are
third-party distributors and sales agents who purchase products from us and then market our products to end-users across the
United States. Under our build-to-order business model, our sales and distribution process begins with our customers placing purchase
orders with us and specifying item description, quantity, and price of the products purchased. Subsequent to our customers paying a deposit
of 15 to 20 of the total purchase price under the purchase order, we place purchase orders with suppliers to produce products that meet
the specifications of our customers. We hold title to the manufactured products until the customer pays the full purchase price. We have
the right to retake possession and resell the products if the customer default on the purchase order. Upon delivering the products to
the customers, we receive the remaining 80 to 85 of the total purchase price. We do not have short-term or long-term agreements
with our customers and just rely on purchase orders. 

These distributors have established relationships with leading telecommunications
carriers, and we have been relying on their connections, relationships, and market knowledge to effectively promote our products, enabling
us to establish a strong presence in the market. Due to the reduced manufacturing capacity during the COVID-19 pandemic and the concentrated
market demand for mobile phones and tablet products, we had been offering such products to a limited number of third-party distributors
who demonstrated a strong intent to buy and were willing to offer more appealing payment terms. For the year ended June 30, 2024,
three customers accounted for 41 , 29 and 16 of the Company s total revenues. For the year ended June 30, 2023, one customer accounted
for 100 of our total revenues. We relied on these customers to buy our mobile phones and tablet products and sell such products
to end-users. We have begun changing our business strategy from relying on a limited number of customers to increasing the number of customers
and lowering customer concentration by developing relationships with multiple more customers to diversify and avoid reliance on a few
or a fixed set of distributors and we are also exploring other channels for selling our products, however, we may continue to rely on
our customers to sell tablets and smartphones. We may also rely on these third-party distributors or sales agents to distribute and
assist us with the marketing and sale of other products we expect to launch. Our future revenue generation and growth, particularly for
phones and tablets, may continue to depend in large part on our success in establishing and maintaining this sales and distribution channel.
Our customers purchase products from us and reselling them at a higher price to generate profit. However, if our customers encounter challenges
such as difficulty in selling our products, negative feedback from end users, or insufficient profit margins to sustain their operations,
they may choose not to continue purchasing or marketing our products. In addition, there can be no assurance that our customers will focus
adequate resources on selling our products to end-users or will be successful in selling them. Many of our customers are in the business
of distributing and sometimes manufacturing other, possibly competing, products. As a result, our customers may perceive our products
as a threat to various product lines currently being distributed or manufactured by them. In addition, our customers may earn higher margins
by selling competing products or combinations of competing products. If we are unable to establish successful relationships with our customers,
we will need to further develop our own sales and distribution capabilities, which would be expensive and time-consuming and might
not be successful. Additionally, if we need to enter into agreements for the distribution of our future products with other third parties,
there can be no assurance we will be able to do so on favorable terms, if at all. 

If we are unable to effectively execute our
e-commerce business, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. 

Our customers currently include
individual e-commerce customers from TikTok Shop. We began our e-commerce operations in March 2024. The success of our e-commerce business
depends on our investment in e-commerce platforms, consumer preferences, buying trends relating to e-commerce, and our ability to both
maintain the continuous operation of our online store and provide a shopping experience that will generate orders and return visits to
our online store. 

We are also vulnerable to
certain additional risks and uncertainties associated with our e-commerce business, including: changes in required technology interfaces;
website downtime and other technical failures; costs and technical issues associated with website software, systems and technology investments
and upgrades; data and system security; system failures, disruptions and breaches and the costs to address and remedy such failures, disruptions
or breaches; computer viruses; and changes in and compliance with applicable federal and state regulations. In addition, our efforts to
remain competitive with technology trends, including the use of new or improved technology, creative user interfaces and other e-commerce
marketing tools such as paid search and mobile applications, among others, may increase our costs and may not increase sales or attract
consumers. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties might adversely affect the sales of our e-commerce business,
as well as damage our reputation and brands. 

In addition, the success of our e-commerce business and the satisfaction
of our customers depends on their timely receipt of our products and their ability to pick up their desired products. The efficient delivery
and/or pick up of our products requires that we have adequate capacity to support the current level of e-commerce operations and any anticipated
increased levels that may occur as a result of the growth of our e-commerce business. If we encounter difficulties with our e-commerce
support team, we could face shortages of inventory, which would result in our inability to properly support our online store. Such a situation
could cause us to incur significantly higher costs and lead to longer lead times associated with distributing products to our customers,
which could cause us to lose customers. Experiencing any of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and harm
our reputation. 

20 

As we expand our operations into international
markets, we encounter risks linked to sourcing components globally from suppliers and engaging with third-party consultants. Additionally,
as we continue to grow, we may further extend our reach by selling our products internationally. 

We currently collaborate with
partners across the globe, and we will continue to expand our operations in the global marketplace. International sales growth stands
as a key element of our growth strategy. However, we acknowledge the risks inherent in our international operations, including, but not
limited to: 

Foreign currency exchange rates; 

Economic or governmental instability in foreign markets in
which we operate or in those countries from which we source our merchandise; 

Unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, taxes
or trade laws; 

Increases in the cost of transporting goods globally; 

Acts of war, terrorist attacks, outbreaks of contagious disease
and other events over which we have no control; and 

Changes in foreign or domestic legal and regulatory requirements
resulting in the imposition of new or more onerous trade restrictions, tariffs, duties, taxes, embargoes, exchange or other government
controls. 

Any of these risks could have
an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or growth strategy. Furthermore, some of our international operations
are conducted in parts of the world that experience corruption to some degree. Our employees and wholesalers could take actions that violate
applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could have an adverse
impact on our reputation, our results of operations or our financial position. 

Foreign exchange movements
may also negatively affect the relative purchasing power of consumers and their willingness to purchase discretionary premium goods, such
as our products, which would adversely affect our net sales. We do not currently use the derivative markets to hedge foreign currency
fluctuations. 

Our business is sensitive to consumer spending
and general economic conditions. 

Our business may be adversely
affected by the Ukraine war, and the Israel-Hamas war, as well as macro-economic conditions such as inflation, employment levels,
wage and salary levels, trends in consumer confidence and spending, reductions in consumer net worth, interest rates, inflation, the availability
of consumer credit and taxation policies influence on public spending confidence. There continues to be a significant and growing volatility
and uncertainty in the global economy due to the Coronavirus pandemic affecting all business sectors and industries. Recent dramatic downturns
in the strength of global stock markets, currencies and key economies have highlighted many if not all, of these risks. 

Consumer purchases in general
may decline during recessions, periods of prolonged declines in the equity markets or housing markets and periods when disposable income
and perceptions of consumer wealth are lower, and these risks may be exacerbated for us due to our focus on discretionary premium sporting
good items. A downturn in the global economy, or in a regional economy in which we have significant sales, could have a material, adverse
effect on consumer purchases of our products, our results of operations and our financial position, and a downturn adversely affecting
our consumer base or travelers could have a disproportionate impact on our business. 

We may be unable to appeal to new consumers
while maintaining the loyalty of our core consumers. 

Part of our growth strategy
is to introduce new consumers to our brands by our new product offerings. If we are unable to attract new consumers, including customers
for our tablets and mobile phones, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if purchasing frequency decrease.
Initiatives and strategies, such as smart home devices, wearables, and IoT platform, are intended to position our brand to appeal to new
consumers may not appeal to our core consumers and may diminish the appeal of our brand to our core consumers, resulting in reduced core
consumer loyalty. If we are unable to successfully appeal to new consumers while maintaining our brand s image with our core consumers,
then our net sales and our brand image may be adversely affected. 

21 

Our revenue heavily relied on revenue from
Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP). 

On November 15, 2021,
U.S. Congress passed and the President signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act Infrastructure Act ).
The Infrastructure Act provided 14.2 billion to modify and extend the existing Emergency Broadband Benefit Program (EBB Program)
managed by the FCC to a longer-term broadband affordability program called the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP). The ACP
replaced the EBB Program, which was established during the COVID-19 pandemic, to provide eligible low-income households with
discounts for broadband services such households need for work, school and healthcare. The ACP began to accept enrollments on December 31,
2021 and the FCC adopted final rules to implement the ACP on January 14, 2022. Due to a lapse in additional appropriation for the
ACP, on January 11, 2024, the FCC released an order announcing steps to wind down the ACP. The program stopped accepting new enrollment
on February 8, 2024, and announced that the program will not provide funding for currently enrolled individuals beyond the end of
April 2024. 

Although we cannot ascertain
whether or how many of the end users purchased our products with the assistance of the ACP program, as we have been employing the strategy
of engaging with customers who purchase products from us and then market our products to end-users through the networks of prominent
telecommunications carriers across the United States, we believe some of the end-users may have been incentivized to purchase our
products because of the discounts and benefits they received from the ACP. As the requirements for program and service standards may change
over the years, there are uncertainties as to the population in our targeted demographics and demand for our products. The lapse in federal
funding for the ACP may significantly lead to a loss of broadband services or coverage for existing individuals currently qualify for
the program, or dissuade customers from acquiring or maintaining broadband services or tablets and laptops, which may in turn lead to
a temporary decline in sales for us from the end-users who relied on the program to purchase mobile devices, tablets, or other IoT
products. 

Our revenue may rely on revenue from end-users
who qualify for the Lifeline Program. 

The Lifeline Program has provided
discounts on phone service for qualifying low-income consumers since 1985. The Lifeline Program is administered by the Universal
Service Administrative Company (USAC), and receives funding from the Universal Service Fund, a government program that receives annual
contribution from telecommunication companies or their customers. Over the years, the FCC has adopted several reforms and changes to the
Lifeline Program, including regarding its scope, eligibility and compliance requirements. 

End-users qualifying for
the Lifeline Program may continue to rely on such a program to receive discounts on phone service. It would be difficult to assess the
exact number of individuals relying on this program. If the qualifications for receiving discounts and benefits change, there may be a
smaller number of end-users who qualify for discounts on mobile and tablet products. Additionally, if there are changes to the device
specifications under the program or if more comparable products become qualify for the program s device requirements, we may experience
less revenue generated from products designed to be sold to end-users under the Lifeline Program. 

The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit in Consumers Research v. FCC, as it stands, may jeopardize the funding for the Lifeline Program. 

Under 47 U.S.C. Section 254
(the Section 254 ), FCC is authorized to levy contributions from telecommunication carriers to a Universal Service Fund to
expand and advance telecommunication services. By regulations, the FCC further delegates to the Universal Service Administrative Company
(the USAC to administer four programs that the Universal Service Funds subsidizes, including the Lifeline Program, the
High-Cost Program, the E-rate Program, and the Rural Health Care Program, under 47 C.F.R. subparts 300, 500 and 600. Under the
delegated authorities, USAC will determine the quarterly contribution amount to be collected, bill and collect the contributions from
the telecommunication providers, and administer and distribute the fundings to the qualified participants to the four funding programs. 

On July 24, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit,
sitting en banc, issued a decision in Consumers Research v. FCC , finding that Congress delegation of authority
to the FCC in Section 254 and FCC s subdelegation of regulatory authorities to the USAC to administer the Universal Service Fund,
in combination, to be in violation of the Legislative Vesting Clause in Article 1, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution. The Court
held the contribution amount for the first calendar quarter of 2022 set by the USAC to be unconstitutional and remand to the FCC for further
regulatory actions consistent with the decision. 

22 

The decision deviates from prior decisions issued by the U.S. Courts
of Appeals for the Sixth, Eleventh and D.C. Circuit that reached the opposite conclusions. The defendants in the case, the FCC and the
United States, have the discretion to appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court by filing a petition for certiorari, although the
defendants have yet to choose to do so as of the date of this Annual Report. It is unclear if the Supreme Court will grant the petition
for certiorari to review the Fifth Circuit decision, and if so, whether it will affirm or reverse the Fifth Circuit decision, and when
such decision will be issued. It is also unclear, as the decision stands, how the Fifth Circuit decision would impact the funding mechanism
for the Universal Service Fund, the administration of the programs by the USAC, an/or the availabilities of funding to the programs funded
by the Universal Service Fund, including the Lifeline Program that some of our current end-users rely on. 

If the Fifth Circuit decision
stands after a petition for certiorari is denied by the Supreme Court or the Supreme Court affirmed the Fifth Circuit decision on appeal,
among other impacts, it is possible that the funding mechanism for the Lifeline Program will be invalidated and that no further funding
will be distributed. As a result, we may experience less revenue generated from products designed to be sold to end-users under the
Lifeline Program. 

Defects or performance problems in our products
could result in a loss of customers, reputational damage and decreased revenue. Additionally, the Company may face warranty, indemnity,
and product liability claims that may arise from malfunctions. 

Our current and future products
such as tablets, smartphones, and IoT devices may contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new generations
of products are released. Errors, defects, or poor performance can arise due to design flaws, defects in raw materials or components,
which can affect the quality of such devices. Defects may also occur in components and products we purchase from third parties or assembled
by our manufacturers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, software, and services
we offer. Any actual or perceived errors, defects, or poor performance in such devices could result in the replacement or recall of the
products, rejection of the products, damage to our reputation, lost revenue, and increases in customer service and support costs, all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Furthermore, defective components
may give rise to warranty, indemnity, or product liability claims against us that exceed any revenue or profit we receive from the affected
products. If one of such devices were to cause injury to someone or cause property damage, including because of product malfunctions,
defects, or improper installation, we could be exposed to product liability claims. We could incur significant costs and liabilities if
we are sued and if damages are awarded against us. Further, any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and could
divert management s attention. The successful assertion of a product liability claim against us could result in potentially significant
monetary damages, penalties or fines, subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position, and adversely affect
sales of our products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects, or other problems experienced by other companies in the
community building access control industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions for the industry as a whole and may have an adverse
effect on our ability to attract new customers, thus harming our growth and financial performance. 

Breaches of and other types of security
incidents involving our systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could negatively impact our business, our brand and reputation,
our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, may cause us to incur significant liabilities and adversely affect
our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 

If we enter the IoT market,
activities such as developing an IoT platform may necessitate periodic collection, usage, storage, transmission, or processing of data
or information. While we will taken steps to mitigate our cyberattack risks and protect the confidential information that we may have
access to, including but not limited to installation and periodical updates of antivirus software and backup of information on our computer
systems, our security measures could be breached. Because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to systems change
frequently and generally are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques
or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any cybersecurity incident, accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized
access to our systems could cause confidential information to be stolen and used for criminal purposes. Cybersecurity incidents, security
breaches or unauthorized access to confidential information could also expose us to liability related to the loss of the information,
time-consuming and expensive litigation and negative publicity. If security measures are breached because of third-party action,
employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in our technology infrastructure are exposed and exploited, our relationships
with our business partners could be severely damaged, we could incur significant liability, and our business and operations could be adversely
affected. Additionally, if we fail to protect confidential information, we may be susceptible to potential claims such as breach of contract,
negligence or other claims. Such claims will require significant time and resources to defend and there can be no assurances that favorable
final outcomes will be obtained. In addition, the costs to respond to a cybersecurity event or to mitigate any identified security vulnerabilities
could be significant, including costs for remediating the effects of such an event, paying a ransom, restoring data from backups, and
conducting data analysis to determine what data may have been affected by the breach. In addition, our efforts to contain or remediate
a security breach or any system vulnerability may be unsuccessful, and our efforts and any related failures to contain or remediate any
breach or vulnerabilities could result in interruptions, delays, loss in customer trust, harm to our reputation, and increases in our
insurance premiums that we may acquire. 

23 

Failure to accurately forecast consumer
demand could lead to excess inventory or inventory shortages, which could result in decreased operating margins, reduced cash flows and
harm to our business. 

There is a risk we may be unable
to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs,
and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair our brand image and have an adverse effect on our operating
results, financial condition and cash flows. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if our manufacturers
fail to supply products we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. Inventory shortages might delay shipments
to customers, negatively impact retailer, affect consumer relationships and diminish brand loyalty. The difficulty in forecasting demand
also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows from period to period. A failure
to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely
to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance. 

If we are not able to enhance or introduce
new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments, our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be harmed. 

Our ability to attract new
customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in part on our ability to introduce new products, develop the IoT platforms,
increase adoption and usage of our products and introduce new products and features. The success of any enhancements or new products depends
on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, actual performance quality, market-accepted pricing levels
and overall market acceptance and demand. Consumer preferences differ across and within different parts of the world, and shift over time
in response to changing aesthetics and economic circumstances. We cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect of new product introductions
and transitions. In addition, rapid technological development and advancements may render smartphones in the common forms and with the
common functionalities that are generally available to consumers today outdated or obsolete, and emerging products and services may substitute
smartphones as consumers generally know them today. We believe that our success in developing products that are innovative and that meet
our consumers functional needs is an important factor in our image as a premium brand, and in our ability to charge premium prices.
We rely upon our research and development team and third party consultants that we may engage from time to time from the fields of electrical
and mechanical engineering, industrial design, sustainability, and related fields, as well as other experts to design, develop customization
standards, and test cutting-edge performance products. Enhancements and new products that we develop may not be introduced in a timely
or cost-effective manner, may contain defects, may have interoperability difficulties with our platform, or may not achieve the market
acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Even if we are able to introduce innovative products to the market, we may still
experience problems with the quality or performance of our products, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems. Our ability
to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, the availability of products in appropriate quantities
and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies in the
early stages of introduction. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences or fail to successfully enhance
our existing platform and capabilities to meet evolving customer requirements, increase adoption and usage of our platform, develop new
products, or if our efforts to increase the usage of our products are more expensive than we expect, then our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be harmed. 

24 

We may be subject to additional obligations
to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability for past transactions, which could harm our business. 

We do not collect sales and
use, value added and similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable
in certain jurisdictions. State, local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added
and other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. In particular, the
applicability of such taxes on subscriptions to our platform in various jurisdictions is unclear. Further, these jurisdictions 
rules regarding tax nexus are complex and vary significantly. As a result, we could face the possibility of audits that could result in
tax assessments, including associated interest and penalties. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales, use,
value added or other taxes in those jurisdictions where we have not historically done so could result in substantial tax liabilities and
related penalties for past transactions, discourage customers from purchasing our application or otherwise harm our business and operating
results. In addition, we are required to withhold and timely remit payroll-related taxes for which we are also subject to the possibility
of audits that could result in tax assessments, including associated interest and penalties. 

Changes in tax laws or regulations that
are applied adversely to us or our customers could increase the costs of our platform and adversely impact our business. 

New income, sales, use or other
tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our (and our
subsidiaries domestic and foreign financial results. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business
operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be
interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. Specifically, taxation of cloud-based software is constantly evolving
as many state and local jurisdictions consider the taxability of software services provided remotely. These events could require us or
our customers to pay additional tax amounts on a prospective or retroactive basis, as well as require us or our customers to pay fines
or penalties and interest for past amounts deemed to be due. If we raise our prices to offset the costs of these changes, existing and
potential future customers may elect not to continue to use or purchase subscriptions to our platform in the future. Additionally, new,
changed, modified or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance, operating and other
costs, as well as the costs of our platform. Any or all of these events could harm our business and operating results. 

Our success depends on the continuing efforts
of our senior management and key employees and our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our future success is significantly
dependent upon the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If we lose their service, we may not be able to
locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff, which could severely disrupt
our business and growth. Our management members are critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture and overall business success.
If there is any internal organizational structure change or change in responsibilities for our management or key personnel, or if one
or more of our senior management members were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, the operation of our business
and our business prospects may be adversely affected. 

25 

We currently have limited
personnel. As of June 30, 2024, we had in total of 25 employees. We will need to attract, hire and retain additional qualified employees
to achieve the Company s objectives. Recruiting and retaining qualified technical personnel and sales and marketing personnel
will be critical to our success. Our employees may choose to pursue other opportunities. If we are unable to motivate or retain key employees,
our business may be severely disrupted, and our prospects could suffer. There is no assurance that our management members would not join
our competitors or form a competing business. Our limited personnel and resources may result in greater workloads for our employees compared
to those at companies with which we compete for personnel, which may lead to higher levels of employee dissatisfaction and turnover. Recruiting
and retaining qualified research, development, marketing and sales personnel will be critical to our success. 

We believe our future success
depends on our continued ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain qualified and skilled employees. Competition for personnel with
expertise in our industry is intense. We may not be able to hire and retain these personnel at compensation levels consistent with our
existing compensation and salary structure. Some of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources
than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. In addition, we invest significant time and resources in training
our employees, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. If we fail to retain our employees, we could incur
significant expenses in hiring and training new employees, and our ability to serve customers and business partners could diminish, resulting
in a material adverse effect to our business. 

Our management team has limited experience
managing a public company. 

Most members of our management
team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and complying with the increasingly
complex laws pertaining to public companies in the United States. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage
our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the U.S. federal
securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require
significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Business
and Operations 

Changes in laws or regulations relating
to data protection, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or our privacy policies, could materially
and adversely affect our business or could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely
impact our operating results . 

We currently do not collect
any sensitive data or confidential information. There are numerous federal, state and international laws and regulations regarding privacy,
data protection, information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection of
personal information and other data, and the scope of such laws and regulations may change, be subject to differing interpretations, or
conflict with other laws and regulations. Further, any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding
the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of data, or their interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which
the consent of relevant users for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs
and require us to modify our services and candidate products, possibly in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete, and may
limit our ability to store and process patients data or develop new services and features. 

The legislative and regulatory
landscape for data protection continues to evolve, and in recent years there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data security
issues. Numerous federal and state laws, including state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal
and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, and disclosure of health-related and other personal information.
Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions and create liability for us (including
the imposition of significant civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity that could negatively affect our
business. 

26 

We conduct business in the United States in
a heavily regulated environment, and if we fail to obtain all necessary equipment authorizations required to import, market, or sell our
equipment, we could be subject to enforcement proceedings that may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our business relies on our
ability to import and market our devices in the United States. We endeavor to ensure that our operations comply with applicable laws.
However, failure to comply with applicable FCC equipment authorization rules could lead to enforcement action, including monetary forfeitures
or loss of equipment authorizations. FCC investigations or enforcement proceedings also require financial and other resources to defend.
Any future FCC investigations or enforcement could harm our business or our financial condition. 

In addition, new devices or
modifications to our approved devices could require that we obtain additional equipment authorizations. Failure to obtain the requisite
authorizations could likewise subject our past or present operations to FCC enforcement action, including monetary forfeitures or loss
of equipment authorization. Failure to obtain necessary equipment authorizations as required for new or modified devices could preclude
such devices from being imported, sold, or marketed in the United States. Further, we rely on third-parties authorized by the
FCC to test our equipment to ensure compliance with applicable FCC regulations, and to submit all necessary reports and data to obtain
any required FCC equipment authorizations. There is no guarantee these third-party testing laboratories have conducted equipment
evaluations in accordance with recognized and generally accepted good engineering practice, or that any measurements performed or data
collected conform with recognized and generally accepted good engineering practices. 

The FCC s equipment authorization
rules and/or the FCC s interpretation of those rules may change in the future. As noted above, we endeavor to comply with applicable
laws and regulations, and we will rely on U.S. telecommunications counsel to evaluate the impact of any applicable changes to the
FCC s rules or rule interpretations in the future. 

Changes to the Covered List may impact business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The FCC maintains and periodically
updates a Covered List of communications equipment and services that have been determined by the U.S. government to pose an unacceptable
risk to the national security of the United States or the security and safety of United States persons to national security pursuant to
the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019. Equipment produced by a company on the Covered List cannot receive an equipment
authorization. And, therefore, cannot be imported, marketed, or sold in the United States. The FCC has previously concluded that
placement on the Covered List applies to equipment authorizations both prospectively and retrospectively. In other words, the FCC has
determined that it has the authority to revoke previously issued equipment authorization as well as deny future authorizations for equipment
produced by a company added to the Covered List. In addition, while the FCC has previously declined to prohibit equipment authorization
for devices that incorporate equipment produced by a company on the Covered List as a component, the FCC is currently considering whether
to expand its prohibition to such component parts. 

While we do not anticipate
our or any of our suppliers addition to the Covered List, the addition of our or any of our suppliers to the Covered List could
negatively impact our business operations in the United States and our financial condition. Inclusion on the Covered List could result
in the loss of required equipment authorizations for some or all of our equipment identified by the FCC as critical to national security.
A loss of required equipment authorizations would preclude our ongoing sale of affected devices in the United States and could require
us to replace affected component parts for devices imported, marketed, or sold in the United States. This could impose financial
burdens and operational challenges that adversely affect our business. 

We may collaborate with additional business
partners outside of the United States and potentially expand into markets beyond the United States, which may incur significant cost and
expose us to significant risks. 

To date, we have not operated
or generated any revenue outside of the United States. However, we anticipate diversifying our current supply chain by sourcing components
from additional suppliers in Asia. Additionally, we may expand our market presence beyond the United States, aiming to sell our products
in other regions such as Latin America. Due to our limited experience with international operations and developing and managing sales
and distribution channels in international markets, our international expansion efforts may not be successful. 

27 

Operating or selling in international
markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to intellectual property, regulatory, economic and political
risks that are different from those in the United States. As we increase our international sales efforts and explore international
operations, we will face increased risks in doing business internationally that could harm our business, including: 

the need to establish and protect our brand in international
markets; 

the need to localize and adapt our solution for specific
countries, including translation into foreign languages and associated costs and expenses; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations,
particularly hiring and training qualified sales and service personnel; 

the need to implement and offer customer care, in various
languages; 

different pricing environments, longer sales and accounts
receivable payment cycles and collections issues; 

weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal
rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United
States; 

privacy and data protection laws and regulations that are
complex, expensive to comply with and may require that client data be stored and processed in a designated territory; 

increased risk of piracy, counterfeiting and other misappropriation
of our intellectual property in our locations outside the United States; 

new and different sources of competition; 

general economic conditions in international markets; 

fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign
currencies, which may make our solution more expensive in other countries or may increase our costs, impacting our operating results
when translated into U.S. dollars; 

compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple,
conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, telecommunications and telemarketing laws and
regulations; 

increased risk of international telecom fraud; 

laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 

compliance with laws and regulations applicable to foreign
operations and cross border transactions, including anti-corruption laws, supply chain restrictions, import and export control laws,
tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our solution in certain
foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance; 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and
complexities; 

restrictions or taxes on the transfer of funds; 

adverse tax consequences; and 

unstable economic and political conditions and potential
accompanying shifts in laws and regulations. 

These risks could harm our
international operations, increase our operating costs and hinder our ability to grow our international business and, consequently, our
overall business and results of operations. 

28 

We may expand into new product or service
categories, which may subject us to new regulatory clearances, approvals and compliance requirements. 

We currently only engage in
the sales of smartphones and tablets in the United States, but may expand into other product or service categories, including IoT products,
wearables, health and wellness products, environmental management solutions, and IoT cloud platform. We may need to undergo additional
testing and certifications, such as those required for FCC Equipment Authorization, Google Mobile Services (GMS), PTCRB (PCS Type Certification
Review Board), Conformit Europ enne (CE), Underwriters Laboratories (UL), or RoHS certification. 

Some of the new product or
service categories may subject us to new regulatory clearance, approval and compliance requirements, including but not limited to federal
laws and regulations concerning telecommunication service providers, public utilities or public services laws and regulations, federal
and state data protection, privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations,
among other laws and regulations affecting interconnection, roaming, internet openness, net neutrality, robocalling/robotexting, disabilities
access, digital discrimination and other areas of potential regulations. 

The changing regulatory environment
may have a material impact on our ability to begin to market existing and new devices or services. If we become subject to those regulations,
our failure to obtain or, once obtained, maintain, any regulatory clearances and approvals and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
could negatively affect our business. Regulatory authorities may change their clearance or approval policies, adopt additional regulations
or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay clearance or approval of our products or services under
development. Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements on us that could delay our ability to obtain new clearances
or approvals or increase the costs of compliance. 

There can be no assurance that
government regulations that may become applicable to our products or the interpretation of those regulations will not change or that our
will be able to obtain any required regulatory clearances and approvals for its products. The extent of potentially adverse government
regulation that might arise from future legislation or administrative action and the impact on our business and results of operations
cannot be predicted. 

Recent and future federal legislative, regulatory
and executive actions on information and communications technology and services involving national security and foreign ownership restrictions
or requirements may substantially limit the scope of our operations, impact our abilities to expand into new products or services, or
substantially or severely impact our operations or financial results. 

In recent years, the U.S. Government
has expressed concerns with the security of information and communications technology and services ICTS sourced from providers
in China, Russia, and other jurisdictions. The U.S. Congress and various executive agencies, including the FCC, the Department of
Commerce, and the Department of Justice, have enacted, imposed or proposed a series of measures aimed at increasing oversight of certain
commercial transactions involving Chinese companies or investments by such companies in the United States. 

For example, under the authority
conferred by Executive Order 13873, issued in May 2019, the Department of Commerce promulgated final rules (the ICTS Rules in January 2021 under 15 C.F.R. Part 7 that broadly empowers that agency (in consultation with other executive agencies)
to block, condition, or regulate any transaction involving the acquisition, importation, transfer, installation,
dealing in, or use of any information and communications technology or service designed, developed, manufactured, or supplied by
a Chinese company (i.e., given China s designation as a foreign adversary under Executive Order 13873) that poses
 undue risks or unacceptable risks to U.S. national security. An additional Executive Order, issued January 19,
2021, directs the Commerce Department to adopt rules requiring Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers to collect additional information
about their customers and new record-keeping requirements, and would allow the Department of Commerce to take actions to address
 malicious cyber-enabled activities. In June 2023, the Department published an amended rules to the ICTS Rules
to clarify its ability to regulate transactions involving software, including so-called connected software applications, 
and to further enumerate the criteria that the Department will consider when reviewing such transactions. 

Similarly, in April 2020,
the President published Executive Order 13913 to formalize an ad-hoc inter-agency group as the Committee for the Assessment
of Foreign Participation in the United States Telecommunications Services Sector (the Team Telecom ). The Executive
Order empowers Team Telecom to review FCC license and transfer applications involving foreign participation to determine whether grant
of the requested license or transfer approval may pose a risk to the national security or law enforcement interests of the United States,
and to review existing licenses to identify any additional or new risks to national security or law enforcement interests that did not
exist when a license was first granted. Following an investigation, Team Telecom may recommend that the FCC revoke or modify existing
licenses or deny or condition approval of new licenses and license transfers. The FCC refers three types of licenses or authorizations
to the Telecom Committee: (1) international Section 214 authorizations allowing telecommunications carriers to provide telephone
service between the United States and foreign points; (2) submarine cable licenses allowing persons to operate submarine cables
that connect the United States with a foreign country or with another portion of the United States; and (3) common carrier,
broadcast, or aeronautical radio station licenses when the applicant is a corporation with foreign ownership over certain thresholds. 

29 

In addition, in April 2023,
the FCC proposed new rules to overhaul its licensing requirements and review process for providers that hold international Section 214
authorization, as provided under Section 214 of the Communications Act of 1934, by requiring enhanced disclosures
about licensees foreign ownership, use of untrusted equipment and foreign-owned managed network service
providers, as well as making those licenses subject to periodic national security reviews. 

In November 2023, the
FCC also adopted new rules to expand its equipment authorization rules to apply to equipment components, and potentially
enable revocation of current authorizations for national security reasons. Under the new rules, the FCC will not issue new authorizations
for telecommunications equipment produced by certain Chinese entities identified in a cover list, until the FCC approves these entities 
plans to ensure that their equipment is not marketed or sold for public safety purposes, government facilities, critical infrastructure,
or other national security purposes. The FCC did not, however, revoke any of its prior authorizations for these companies equipment,
although it sought comments on whether it should do so in the future. 

In August 2023, the President
issued Executive Order 14105, which addresses national security risks arising from outbound capital investment from the United States
to foreign companies involved in certain sensitive technologies. The order asked the Department of Treasury to establish an outbound investment
review regime (the Outbound Investment Review Regime to screen outbound capital flows that can be exploited to accelerate
development of technologies used to support foreign countries military, intelligence, surveillance, and cyber capabilities. The
order cited China (including Hong Kong and Macau) as a country of concern. On August 14, 2023, the Treasury Department published
an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) to solicit public comment to implement the Outbound Investment Review Regime in three
categories of covered national security technologies and products: semiconductors and microelectronics, quantum information technologies,
and artificial intelligence (AI) systems. On June 21, 2024, after reviewing public comments on the ANPRM, the Treasury Department
published a set of proposed rules to formalize the texts for the Outbound Investment Review Regime. The final rules under such regime
may have potential impacts on our operations, products and services or business relationships, or any transactions that we enter into,
in the future. 

Lastly, in February 2024,
the National Security Division of the Department of Justice published an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) to seek public
comments on the establishment of a new licensing and screening regime Outbound Data Transfer Review Regime to restrict
U.S. persons from transferring bulk sensitive personal data and select U.S. government data to covered foreign persons in China
(including Hong Kong and Macau), Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Venezuela, through the means of data brokerage, vendor agreement,
employment agreement and investment agreement. 

This patchwork of sector-specific and
general regulatory restrictions, limits or review requirements may have varying level of impacts on our operations and financial performance.
Some of the regulatory actions have not been finalized, with its final content or requirements subject to change. Many of the regulatory
actions, even if finalized or adopted, have not been fully implemented or operationalized, and there are significant discretions or uncertainties
with regard to the ways and manners under which such actions may be enforced and interpreted by the relevant regulatory authorities. 

We currently do not transact
with any entities on the Covered List under FCC s equipment authorization regime, or any entity subject to export
control or economic sanctions. In addition, we do not currently operate any telecommunication services and do not intent to operate any
telecommunication services in the near future or apply for a Section 214 license, and are therefore not subject to Team Telecom or
FCC national security review regimes or requirements. In addition, we have not received any subpoena, notice, or correspondence with any
regulatory agencies arising from the ICTS Rules, and have no reason to believe that we have engaged in any transactions subject to the
ICTS Rules. 

We currently work with suppliers in China
for various components, excluding SoCs, in our product assembly, while proposed regulations such as the Outbound Investment Review and
Outbound Data Transfer regimes may heighten scrutiny on our transactions, leading to operational adjustments, increased compliance costs,
and potential limitations on funding and strategic opportunities. 

The Outbound Investment Review
Regime and the Outbound Data Transfer Review Regime, if and depending as to how they are implemented, together with enhanced powers assigned
to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), export control and trade restrictions managed by the Department
of Commerce, and the economic sanctions regime managed by the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) within the Department of Treasury,
could result in increased scrutiny of transactions involving our business and potential interference with business transactions that we
deem to be beneficial. If the ICTS Rules are applied against us, or the Outbound Investment Review Regime and the Outbound Data Transfer
Review Regime are finalized in a way that affects our operations, products and services or business relationships, we may be forced to
limit or change our future product or service offerings, cease business partnerships or collaborations with certain Chinese and foreign
companies for R D or manufacturing, and otherwise significantly change our operations or business models to comply with applicable
rules and regulations. Such compliance costs may cause significant financial cost, reputational damages, otherwise reduce our profits.
In addition, there is significant uncertainty as to how such rules and regulations will be implemented and enforced, to the extent that
any transactions that the company seeks to engage may be subject to review under the ICTS Rules, the Outbound Investment Review Regime
and the Outbound Data Transfer Review Regime, we may also be severely limited in our abilities to secure outside funding, or explore strategic
acquisition or investment opportunities with covered individuals or entities, or may be forced to abandon covered transactions. In the
event of regulatory changes or reviews, we may need to collaborate with other suppliers or manufacturers in Southeast Asia for our product
production, potentially causing additional time-to-market delays and impacting profitability. 

30 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable
and any inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and operating results. 

Our future success and competitive
position depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary business know-hows. Our practice is to require
employees and consultants to execute non-disclosure and proprietary rights agreements upon commencement of employment or consulting
arrangements. These agreements acknowledge our exclusive ownership of all intellectual property developed by the individuals during their
work for us and require that all proprietary information disclosed will remain confidential. Such agreements may not be enforceable in
full or in part in all jurisdictions and any breach could have a negative effect on our business and our remedy for such breach may be
limited. 

While we take steps to protect
our intellectual property, the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of our intellectual
property rights. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect
unauthorized use of our intellectual property. We may be required to resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights.
From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine
the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation
could result in costs and diversion of resources. 

Assertions by third parties of infringement
or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights, whether or not correct, could result in significant costs and harm our
business and operating results. 

Third parties may in
the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights against us. They may
also assert such claims against our customers, whom we may indemnify against claims that our products infringe, misappropriate, or
otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we do infringe a third party s rights and are unable
to provide a sufficient workaround, we may need to negotiate with holders of those rights to obtain a license to those rights or
otherwise settle any infringement claim as a party that makes a claim of infringement against us may obtain an injunction preventing
us from shipping products containing the allegedly infringing technology. As the number of products and competitors in our market
increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may
increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights by a third party, even
those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from
our business. 

Future assertions of patent
rights by third parties, and any resulting litigation, may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no
relevant product revenues and against whom our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. There can be no
assurance that we will not be found to infringe or otherwise violate any third-party intellectual property rights or to have done
so in the past. 

An adverse outcome of a dispute
may require us to: 

Pay substantial damages, including treble damages, if we
are found to have willfully infringed a third party s patents or copyrights 

Make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments
or other costs or damages; 

Cease selling, making, licensing or using products that are
alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others; 

Expend additional development resources to attempt to redesign
our products or otherwise develop non-infringing technology, which may not be successful; 

Enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements
to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or intellectual property rights; 

Take legal action or initiate administrative proceedings
to challenge the validity and scope of the third-party rights or to defend against any allegations of infringement; and 

Indemnify our partners and other third parties. 

31 

In addition, royalty or licensing
agreements, if required or desirable, may be unavailable on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may require significant royalty payments
and other expenditures. Some licenses may also be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology
licensed to us. Any of the foregoing events could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Even if the claims do not result
in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources
of our management and harm our business and operating results. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings,
motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it
could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our ordinary shares. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely
to grow as the market for our products and solutions grows. 

Accordingly, our exposure to
damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources. 

Some aspects of our technology include open
source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could harm our business. 

Our research and development
of products, particularly the development of modules for integration into environmental management solutions, incorporate software covered
by open-source licenses. For example, we use open-source algorithms such as Linear Regression, Neural Networks, and SLAM technology
in developing these modules. The terms of various open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, creating a
risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our research and development
based on such open-source resources. If the use of open-source algorithms is limited or restricted by the providers of such
algorithms or due to regulations, our research and development could be interrupted and delayed, necessitating the search for alternative
sources or modifications to our research methods. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of open-source software
can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties
or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with use of open-source software cannot be eliminated and,
if such risks materialize, could harm our business. 

Moreover, we cannot assure
you that our processes for use of open-source software will be effective. If we are held not to have complied with the terms of an
applicable open-source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our services
on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our technology to remove or replace the open source software, to discontinue
the use of certain technology if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, to pay monetary damages, to make generally
available the source code for our proprietary technology, or to waive certain intellectual property rights, any of which could harm our
business. 

Responding to any infringement
or other enforcement claim, regardless of its validity, could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition, by, among
other things: 

resulting in time-consuming and costly litigation; 

diverting management s time and attention from developing
our business; 

requiring us to pay monetary damages or enter into royalty
and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable; 

requiring us to redesign certain components of our research
and development objectives using alternative non-infringing source technology or practices, which could require significant effort
and expense; 

disrupting our research and development processes if we are
forced to cease offering certain services; 

requiring us to waive certain intellectual property rights
associated with use of open source software, or contributions to third-party open source projects; and 

requiring us to satisfy indemnification obligations. 

32 

We have integrated, and may
continue to integrate in the future, open-source AI algorithms in certain tools and features available on our platform. AI technology
presents various operational, compliance, and reputational risks and if any such risks were to materialize, our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected. 

We have integrated open-source AI
algorithms in many aspects of research and development of new modules. We may continue to integrate open-source AI algorithms in
the research and development of new product or service offerings. Given that AI is a rapidly developing technology that is in its early
stages of business use, it presents a number of operational, compliance and reputational risks. AI algorithms are currently known to sometimes
produce unexpected results and behave in unpredictable ways that can generate irrelevant results, which, if incorporated into our research
and development, these open-source components may result in unexpected outcomes that may not support our research and development
objectives. Similarly, the data set could contain copyrighted material resulting in infringing output. 

We expect that there will continue
to be new laws or regulations concerning the use of AI technology, which might be burdensome for us to comply with and may limit our ability
to offer or enhance our existing tools and features or new offerings based on AI technology. Further, the use of AI technology involves
complexities and requires specialized expertise. We may not be able to attract and retain top talent to support our AI technology initiatives.
If any of the operational, compliance or reputational risks were to materialize, our business and results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

We may be subject to risks associated with
AI and open-source AI algorithms. 

Recent technological advances
in AI and open-source AI algorithms may pose risks to us. Our use of open-source AI algorithms could give rise to legal or regulatory
action, create liabilities, or materially harm our business. While we aim to use open-source AI algorithms responsibly and attempt
to mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may ultimately be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before
they arise. Further, as the technology is rapidly evolving, costs and obligations could be imposed on us to comply with new regulations. 

We also could be exposed to
the risks of open-source AI algorithms if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to us, also
use the same open-source AI algorithms in their business activities. We will not be in a position to control the use of such technology
in third-party products or services. Use by third-party service providers could give rise to issues pertaining to competition,
data privacy, data protection, and intellectual property considerations. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Performance 

We may not be able to raise or it may only
be available on terms unfavorable to us or our stockholders, which may result in our inability to fund our working capital requirements
and harm our operational results. 

We have and expect to continue
to have substantial working capital needs. Our cash on hand, together with cash generated from product sales, services, cash equivalents
and short-term investments will not meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. In
fact, we will be required to raise additional funds throughout 2023 or we will need to limit operations until such time as we can raise
substantial funds to meet our working capital needs. In addition, we will need to raise additional funds to fund our operations and implement
our growth strategy, or to respond to competitive pressures and/or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition, marketing
and development activities. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional
funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution,
and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock.
Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and
other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities,
including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable
to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business
growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 

33 

If we experience operating
difficulties or other factors, many of which may be beyond our control, cause our revenues or cash flows from operations, if any, to decrease,
we may be limited in our ability to spend the capital necessary to complete our development, marketing and growth programs. We require
additional financing, in addition to the anticipated cash generated from our operations, to fund our working capital requirements. Additional
financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable
terms, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our business or otherwise
respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. In such a capital restricted situation, we may curtail our marketing,
development, and operational activities or be forced to sell some of our assets on an untimely or unfavorable basis. 

Our operating losses have raised substantial
doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our operating losses raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in its report on
our financial statements as of and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 with respect to this uncertainty. The perception
of our ability to continue as a going concern may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations
and could result in the loss of confidence by investors, suppliers and employees. 

If we fail to properly manage our anticipated
growth, our business could suffer. 

We intend to grow and may experience
periods of rapid growth and expansion, which could place a significant additional strain on our limited personnel, information technology
systems and other resources. Any failure by us to manage our growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve
our commercialization and development goals. 

To achieve our goals, we must
successfully increase manufacturing output to meet potential expected customer demand. In the future, we may experience difficulties with
manufacturing, quality control, component supply, inventory, distribution and shortages of qualified personnel, among other problems.
These problems could result in delays in availability of our scanner systems and increases in expenses. Any such delay or increased expense
could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. 

Future growth will also impose
significant added responsibilities on management, including the need to identify, recruit, train and integrate additional employees. In
addition, rapid and significant growth will place a strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure. 

In order to manage our operations
and growth we will need to continue to improve our operational and management controls, reporting and information technology systems and
financial internal control procedures. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, it may be difficult for us to execute our business
strategy and our operating results and business could suffer. 

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause our investors to lose confidence
in us and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If our internal controls are not effective, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Effective internal control
over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Specifically, we concluded that as of June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting related to the design
or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data including:
a) lack of sufficient segregation of duties due to limited resources; b) lack of adequate design of controls and proper documentation
needed in order to demonstrate that controls in place are operating effectively for significant transaction classes; c) inability to prepare
complete and accurate financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle GAAP) in a timely manner;
d) inefficient oversight of those charged with governance with respect to complete and accurate finance reporting; e) lack of appropriate
controls surrounding authorized signor access for bank accounts; and f) inappropriate implementation of controls over the identification
of related party transactions. 

34 

While we have designed and
implemented, or expect to implement, measures that we believe address or will address these control weaknesses, we continue to develop
our internal controls, processes and reporting systems by, among other things, hiring qualified personnel with expertise to perform specific
functions, and designing and implementing improved processes and internal controls, including ongoing senior management review and audit
committee oversight. We plan to remediate the identified material weaknesses by hiring financial consultants and expect to hire additional
accounting staff to complete the remediation. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate this weakness, primarily personnel costs
and external consulting fees. We may not be successful in implementing these systems or in developing other internal controls, which may
undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results. Further, we will not be
able to fully assess whether the steps we are taking will remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
until we have completed our implementation efforts and sufficient time passes in order to evaluate their effectiveness. In addition, if
we identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis
and our financial statements may be materially misstated. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period in accordance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, in the course of auditing our consolidated financial statements for the financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus, we identified six material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
As defined in standards established by the PCAOB, a material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses identified relate to: (i) lack
of sufficient segregation of duties due to limited resources, (ii) lack of adequate design of controls and proper documentation needed
in order to demonstrate that controls in place are operating effectively for significant transaction classes, (iii) inability to prepare
complete and accurate financial statements in accordance with GAAP in a timely manner, (iv) inefficient oversight of those charged with
governance with respect to complete and accurate financial reporting, (v) lack of appropriate controls surrounding authorized signor access
for bank accounts, and (vi) inappropriate implementation of controls over the identification of related party transactions. Additionally,
each of the aforementioned material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of the consolidated financial statements that would result
in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

We continue to focus on internal
control over financial reporting and have taken certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses described above, including hiring
more qualified accounting personnel with relevant GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting
function and to set up a financial and system control framework, implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial
reporting training programs for our accounting and financial reporting personnel; and establishing internal audit function by engaging
an external consulting firm to assist us with assessment of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance requirements and improvement of overall internal
control. 

We are working to remediate
the material weaknesses. At this time, we cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing
a remediation plan; however, these remediation measures will be time consuming and will place significant demands on our financial and
operational resources. While we believe that these measures will improve our internal control over financial reporting, the implementation
of these measures is ongoing, and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in doing so or that these measures will significantly
improve or remediate the material weaknesses described above. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing
to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses.
If the steps we take do not correct the material weaknesses in a timely manner, we will be unable to conclude that we maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting. We also cannot assure you that there will not be any additional material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting in the future. 

35 

We expect that we will need
to implement new systems to enhance and streamline the management of our financial, accounting, human resources and other functions. However,
such systems will likely require us to complete many processes and procedures for the effective use of the systems, which may result in
substantial costs. Any disruptions or difficulties in implementing or using these systems could adversely affect our controls and harm
our business. Moreover, such disruption or difficulties could result in unanticipated costs and diversion of management attention. In
addition, we may discover additional weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could
result in a material misstatement of our financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect
all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud
will be detected. 

We may not be able to remediate
any material weaknesses prior to the deadline imposed by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for management s assessment
of internal control over financial reporting. The failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event that we are not able
to successfully remediate the existing material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or identify additional material
weaknesses, or if our internal control over financial reporting is perceived as inadequate or it is perceived that we are unable to produce
timely or accurate consolidated financial statements, investors may lose confidence in our results of operations, the price of our common
stock could decline, we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other
regulatory agencies, which could require additional financial and management resources, or our common stock may not be able to remain
listed on such exchange. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities 

An active trading market for our Common Stock may not be available
on a consistent basis to provide stockholders with adequate liquidity. The price of our Common Stock may be extremely volatile, and stockholders
could lose all or part of their investment. 

The trading price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile
and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading
volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report, these factors
include: 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

any significant change in our management; 

Our ability to effectively manage our growth; 

the size and growth of our initial target markets; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

Our cash position; 

Our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the
investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 

the public s response to press releases or other public
announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 

36 

publication of research reports about us or our industry,
or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes
in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

sales of our Common Stock by us or our stockholders, in the
future; 

sales of our Common Stock by certain stockholders pursuant
to, and following the termination or expiry of the applicable lock-up period or any similar agreement restricting our securityholders 
ability to sell our Common Stock; 

trading volume of our Common Stock; 

investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated
with our Common Stock relative to other investment alternatives; 

actions by institutional or activist stockholders; 

change in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations
or principles; 

ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights,
including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

failure to raise additional funds on acceptable terms, or
at all; 

changes in business or regulatory conditions, including new
laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

general political, economic, industry and market conditions,
including rising interest rates and inflation; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the markets for special
purpose acquisition company SPAC post-business combination businesses in particular, have experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and
industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition,
price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Common Stock is low. If the market price of our Common Stock
falls, you may not realize any return on your investment and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, securities class action
litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities.
This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources,
which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse
consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 

The global economy, including credit and financial markets, has experienced
extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence,
declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, increases in inflation rates, higher interest rates and uncertainty about
economic stability. For example, the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war created volatility in the global capital markets and
may have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets. There have also been
disruptions to the U.S. banking system due to bank failures in the past several years, including with respect to Silicon Valley Bank,
Signature Bank and First Republic Bank. Any such volatility and disruptions may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on
whom it relies. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary
debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Increased inflation
rates can adversely affect us by increasing its costs, including labor and employee benefit costs. In addition, higher inflation could
also increase customers operating costs, which could result in reduced budgets for customers and potentially less demand for our
products, if and when approved. Any significant increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

37 

We do
not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of its stock. 

We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the
development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. In addition, future debt or other financing arrangements may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that
may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited in the foreseeable future to the appreciation
of the market price (if any) of our stock. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company , and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies
may make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited
interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations disclosure, not being required to have its internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent
registered public accounting firm under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take
advantage of these exemptions until the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the consummation of our IPO
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. We will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the
end of such five-year period if certain earlier events occur, including if we become a large accelerated filer as defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, our annual gross revenues equal or exceed 1.235 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible
debt in any three-year period prior to such time. In particular, in this Annual Report on, we have provided only two years of audited
financial statements and have not included all of the executive compensation related information that would be required if it were not
an emerging growth company, and it may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. Accordingly,
the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold stock. 

In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company
can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to take advantage
of the extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards and to adopt certain of the reduced disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies. As a result of the accounting standards election, we will not be subject to the same implementation
timing for new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, which may make comparison
of its financials to those of other public companies more difficult. As a result of these elections, the information that we provide in
this Annual Report may be different than the information you may receive from other public companies in which you hold equity interests.
In addition, it is possible that some investors will find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of these elections, which may result
in a less active trading market for our Common Stock and higher volatility in its share price. 

38 

We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in
the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we is no longer an emerging growth company. We may take
advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled
disclosures for so long as our Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our
second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our Common
Stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

If we engage in future acquisitions or strategic partnerships,
this may increase capital requirements, dilute stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to
other risks. 

We intend to evaluate various acquisition opportunities and strategic
partnerships, including licensing or acquiring complementary drugs, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any potential
acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 

increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and drugs
of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our
existing drug programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic partnership, merger or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel and
uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to
such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and marketing approvals;
and 

Our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology
and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance
costs. 

In addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities,
assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future
amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities, and this inability could impair our ability
to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. 

39 

Our Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for
substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 

The Charter provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an
alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings
under Delaware statutory or common law: 

any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 

any action asserting a claim against us or any of our current
or former directors, officers or other employees arising under the DGCL, the Charter, or the Bylaws; 

any action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine
the validity of this Charter or our Bylaws; 

any action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 

any action asserting a claim against us that is governed
by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or
liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state
courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among
other considerations, the Charter further provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district
courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant named in such complaint. While the Delaware courts have
determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid and several state trial courts have enforced such provisions and required
that suits asserting Securities Act claims be filed in federal court, there is no guarantee that courts of appeal will affirm the enforceability
of such provisions and a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum
provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of
the Charter. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can
be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive
forum provision in the Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated
with litigating Securities Act claims in state court, or both state and federal court, which could seriously harm our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim
in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, or could result in increased
costs for a stockholder to bring a claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware, both of which may discourage lawsuits
against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in the Charter to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute
in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 

We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as
a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely affect our business, results of
operations, and financial condition. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. We expect that the requirements
of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more
difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. For example, the Exchange
Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations.
As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s
attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees
in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. 

40 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate
governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making
some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to
their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory
and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations
and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time
and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ
from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory
authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

We also expect that being a public company and these new rules and
regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee (the Audit Committee and
compensation committee (the Compensation Committee ), and qualified executive officers. 

As a result of disclosure of information in the filings required of
a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened or
actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations
could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources
necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As a result of becoming a public company, we are obligated to develop
and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal
controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

We are required, pursuant to Section 404, to furnish a report by management
on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. In 2029, five years after our listing, we
may be required to comply with auditor attestation requirements, as required by Section 404. This will require that we incur substantial
additional professional fees and internal costs to expand our accounting and finance functions and that we expend significant management
efforts. 

We may identify weaknesses in our system of internal financial and
accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. Our control
over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur
or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 

Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could
severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If our financial statements
are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. If we do not file financial statements on a timely
basis as required by the SEC, we could face severe consequences. If we are unable to conclude that its internal control over financial
reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our
Common Stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
Moreover, responding to such investigations, are likely to consume a significant amount of our management resources and cause us to incur
significant legal and accounting expenses. Failure to remedy any material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, or to
maintain effective control systems, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. This could result in an adverse reaction
in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 

41 

As a public reporting company, we are subject to filing deadlines
for reports that we file pursuant to the Exchange Act, and our failure to timely file such reports may have material adverse consequences
on our business. 

Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, we failed to timely file our Form 8-K with Form 10 information prior to the staleness 
date (as determined in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC) applicable to the financial statements that
were required by the applicable accounting requirements and other rules and regulations of the SEC to be included in such filing (including
pro forma financial information); thus, we have not remained current in our reporting requirements with the SEC since we became an SEC
reporting company on September 26, 2024. We will not be eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 that would allow us to continuously
incorporate by reference our SEC reports into the registration statement, or to use shelf registration statements to conduct
offerings, until approximately one year from the date we regained (and maintain) status as a current filer after we have filed current
financial information with the SEC. Until such time, if we determine to pursue an offering, we would be required to conduct the offering
on an exempt basis, such as in accordance with Rule 144A, or file a registration statement on Form S-1. Using a Form S-1 registration
statement for a public offering would likely take significantly longer than using a registration statement on Form S-3 and increase our
transaction costs, and could, to the extent we are not able to conduct offerings using alternative methods, adversely impact our liquidity,
ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions in a timely manner. The use of Form S-1 would also prevent us from conducting offerings
on a shelf basis, limiting our flexibility as to the terms, timing or manner of any such offering. 

We cannot guarantee that in the future our reporting will always be
timely. If we are unable to satisfy SEC filing deadlines or otherwise provide disclosures of material information on a timely basis, stockholders
and potential investors in our Common Stock may have incomplete information about our business and results of operations, which may impact
their ability to make an informed investment decision, result in a reduction in the trading price, trading volume or analyst coverage
of our Common Stock or expose us to potential liability. 

We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 

In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought
against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biopharmaceutical
companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages
or fines, damage to our reputation or adverse changes to our business practices. Defending against litigation is costly and time-consuming,
and could divert management s attention and our resources. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, there could be negative
public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a negative effect
on the market price of the our Common Stock. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq
could result in a delisting of its securities. 

If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq,
such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum share price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our securities.
Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of the securities and would impair your ability to sell or purchase
the securities when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements
may not allow our securities to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our
securities from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum share price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing
requirements. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the
over-the-counter bulletin board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange,
the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities
exchange. 

42 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our Common Stock share price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our Common Stock will depend, in part, on the
research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If few or no securities or industry analysts
cover us, the trading price for our Common Stock would likely be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade
our Common Stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price would likely decline. In addition,
if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Common Stock could decrease, which might cause our share
price and trading volume to decline. 

Future sales of our Common Stock, or the perception that future
sales may occur, may cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, regardless of our operating performance. 

Due to the significant number
of redemptions of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A common stock ), of ACAC in connection with
the Business Combination, there was a significantly lower number of shares of Class A common stock that converted into shares of our
Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination. As a result, the shares of our Common Stock being registered for resale (a
portion of which may not be resold until the expiration of the applicable lock-up period) are anticipated to constitute a considerable
percentage of our public float. The registration of these shares for resale creates the possibility of a significant increase in the
supply of our Common Stock in the market. The increased supply, coupled with the potential disparity in purchase prices, may lead to
heightened selling pressure, which could negatively affect the public trading price of our Common Stock. We will not receive the proceeds
from the resale of the shares of Common Stock by the selling securityholders. 

In connection with the Business
Combination, 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock were issued to the stockholders of Foxx and, of such shares, only 2,312,333 are subject
to contractual lock-up restrictions and/or held by affiliates whose ability to sell is dependent upon the effectiveness of a resale registration
statement. All shares of Common Stock that are not subject to such restrictions may be sold at any time. Sales of a substantial number
of our shares of Common Stock and/or Warrants in the public market by our existing securityholders, or the perception that those sales
might occur, could depress the market price of our shares of Common Stock and Warrants and could impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market
price of our shares of Common Stock and Warrants. 

Our Warrants are exercisable for Common Stock, the exercise of
which would increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our shareholders. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, there were (i) 4,312,494 Warrants (the Public Warrants with an exercise price of 11.50
per warrant held by public security holders; and (ii) 7,843,923 warrants (the Restricted Warrants with an exercise price
of 11.50 per warrant held by Acri Capital Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by our Chairwoman, CFO and director,
Joy Yi Hua. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution
to the holders of our Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers
of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, the impact of which increases as the
value of our stock price increases. 

Our Warrants may not be exercised at all and we may not receive
any cash proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants. 

Holders
of our Warrants will be less likely to exercise their Warrants if the exercise prices of their Warrants exceed the market price of our
Common Stock. There is no guarantee that our Warrants will continue to be in the money prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants
may expire worthless. As such, any cash proceeds that we may receive in relation to the exercise of the Warrants overlying shares of
Common Stock will be dependent on the trading price of our Common Stock. There is no assurance that the holders of the Warrants will
elect to exercise any or all of such Warrants. As of the date of this Annual Report, all of the Restricted Warrants and Public Warrants,
which have an exercise price of 11.50 per warrant, are out of the money, meaning the exercise price is higher than the
market price of our Common Stock. Holders of such out of the money Warrants are not likely to exercise such Warrants. There
can be no assurance that such Warrants will be in the money prior to their respective expiration dates, and therefore, we may not receive
any cash proceeds from the exercise of such Warrants. 

43 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Risk Management 

As of June 30, 2024, we did not establish policies and processes for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats. 

In connection with the Closing, on September 24, 2024, our Board of Directors
approved our Cybersecurity Incident Response Policy (the Cybersecurity Policy ), We have integrated the processes as described
in the Cybersecurity Policy into our overall risk management systems and processes According to the Cybersecurity Policy, we routinely
assess material risks from cybersecurity threats that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability
of our information systems or any information residing therein. 

Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Policy, we conduct periodic risk assessments
to identify cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a material change in our business practices that may affect
information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity threats. These risk assessments include identification of reasonably foreseeable
internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies,
procedures, systems, and safeguards in place to manage such risks. 

Following these risk assessments, we re-design,
implement, and maintain reasonable safeguards to minimize identified risks, reasonably address any identified gaps in existing safeguards,
and regularly monitor the effectiveness of our safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high-level personnel, including
our Chief Technology Officer CTO ), James Liao, to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process. 

We may engage consultants and other third parties
as needed in connection with our risk assessment policies and processes. These service providers assist us to design and implement our
cybersecurity policies and procedures, as well as to monitor and test our safeguards. 

We require third-party service providers to certify
their ability to implement and maintain appropriate security measures, consistent with all applicable laws, to implement and maintain
reasonable security measures in connection with their work with us, and to promptly report any suspected breach of their security measures
that may affect the Company. 

As part of our overall risk management strategies,
we also conduct cybersecurity trainings for personnel at all levels and in all departments. 

44 

Governance 

One of the key functions of our Board of Directors
is informed oversight of our risk management process, including risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Board of Directors is responsible
for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our executive officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the
material risks we face. Our Board of Directors administers its cybersecurity risk oversight function primarily through the Audit Committee.
Our CIO provides periodic briefings to the Audit Committee regarding our cybersecurity risks and activities, including any recent cybersecurity
incidents and related responses, cybersecurity policies and procedures, activities of third parties, and the like. 

Our CTO, James Liao, and
senior vice president of the Operating Subsidiary, Ruobing Yu, constitute our cybersecurity incident management team and are primarily
responsible to assess and manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our CTO has over 25 years in consumer electronics and
telecommunication sectors and has a professional background in computer science and engineering, which enables him to oversee our IT systems
efficiently. 

As part of the executive team reporting to the
Board, our CTO oversees our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in Risk Management above. The
processes by which our CTO is informed of and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents
include log review from IT and operations teams or reports received from network systems and applications if any unusual activity occurs,
such as email system notification of items opened that could be malicious. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in 13575 Barranca Parkway C106, Irvine, CA. Our facilities are leased from independent third parties.
The lease terms range from 1 to 3 years, with the option to renew upon expiration. We believe our current facilities are generally
sufficient for our present needs. However, we anticipate seeking additional space to accommodate future growth. 

Location 
 Square Footage 
 Purpose (Office or Manufacturing) 
 Lease 
Expiration Date 
 Monthly 
Payments 
 
 Irvine, CA 
 1548 
 Flex Space 
 09/30/2026 
 3,653.28 
 
 Alpharetta, GA 
 300 
 Office 
 08/04/2024 
 500.00 
 
 Duluth, GA 
 500 
 Warehouse 
 07/31/2024 
 100.00 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We
are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of
having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

45 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our
Common Stock and Public Warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols FOXX and FOXXW, respectively. 

Stockholders 

As of October 22, 2024, the numbers of record holders of our Common Stock
and Public Warrants were 9 and 2, respectively, not including beneficial holders whose securities are held in street name. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not anticipate declaring or paying, in the foreseeable future,
any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development
and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable
laws, and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital
requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 

In
addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock in the future may be limited by the terms of any future debt, issued
preferred securities, or any credit facility agreements. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the board of directors of Purchaser, and ACAC, as the sole stockholder of Purchaser, adopted and
approved a 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ), which became effective upon the Closing. 

The
Incentive Plan is administered by the plan administrator, who is our Board of Directors or a committee that the Board designates. The
plan administrator has the power to determine, among other things, the terms of the awards granted under the Incentive Plan, including
the exercise price, the number of shares subject to each award (and the class of shares), and the exercisability and vesting terms of
the awards, subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan. The plan administrator also has the power to determine the persons to whom and
the time or times at which awards will be made and to make all other determinations and take all other actions advisable for the administration
of the Incentive Plan. All decisions made by the administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Incentive Plan will be final, conclusive,
and binding. 

A
total number of shares of Common Stock equal to 20 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock at the Closing, will be available for
grant under the Incentive Plan. As of the date of this Annual Report, 1,454,019 shares of our Common Stock became authorized for issuance
under the Incentive Plan. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

46 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOXX MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto and other financial information, which are included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those identified below
and those discussed in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for any period in the future. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
In addition, our financial statements and the financial information included in this Report reflect our organizational transactions and
have been prepared as if our current corporate structure had been in place throughout the relevant periods. 

Overview 

Established in Texas in 2017, Foxx Development Inc. Foxx, 
 we, our , us , or the Company is a technology innovation firm specializing
in the communications sector. Since our establishment, we have expanded our presence to include various locations throughout the United States,
such as San Francisco, CA, Dallas, TX, Atlanta, GA, Los Angeles, CA, Miami, FL, and New York, NY. This expansion enables us
to provide sales, retail, distribution, and after-sales support services while simultaneously driving innovation through active research
and development efforts aimed at pioneering new customization standards and services. 

Our business model involves providing comprehensive hardware and software
specifications to original design manufacturers. Once the products are developed, we engage with third-party agencies to secure necessary
testing and certifications, including Equipment Authorizations from the FCC and certifications from the Global Mobile Suppliers Association.
We currently offer a range of Foxx-branded products, including tablets, smartphones, wearables, and expects to launch other high-quality
communication terminals. Our products are generally priced competitively after considering various factors such as product costs, research
and development investments, regulatory compliance, testing expenses, and shipping costs. Our customers are primarily distributors who
sell Foxx-branded products in the U.S. public channels and to major carriers in the United States such as T-Mobile, AT T,
and Verizon. Our customers also included individual E-Commerce customers from TikTok Shop, which we began our E-Commerce operations in
March 2024. 

We have generated most of
our revenue from the sales of tablets and smartphones. We expect to enter the U.S. IoT markets and potentially the private label
Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO market, with the aim of growing into a key player both domestically and globally.
We have been preparing to enter these markets by adding additional features and providing related services that enable Foxx-branded devices
to have IoT and MVNO capabilities. 

We manage inventory and meet
market demand through our build-to-order business model. After customers place purchase orders in bulks with us, we place purchase orders
with suppliers to manufacture the products that meet customers products specifications and budget requirements. For the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we have relied on limited suppliers for the manufacturing of mobile phone and tablet products and on
limited customers for the distribution of these products. We selectively concentrated our resources on our tablet and mobile phone products
because such products held the strongest market potential and revenue generation capability at the time when remote work and online classes
became more prevalent. 

47 

Beginning in 2023, we adjusted
our business strategy to avoid reliance on limited suppliers and customers and to diversify suppliers and customers to mitigate the concentration
and reliance risk. We have added new product models across each product line to target a broader range of customers. As of the date hereof,
we have reached out to a total of eight wholesale customers to expand our operations in the market and expects to secure purchase orders
from these new customers. At the same time, to meet the various product demands of current and prospective customers, we have connected
with suppliers who can provide manufacturing support when we secure purchase orders from our customers. In addition, we plan to further
expand our product offerings and to launch an IoT platform to manage all end-products sold, and began setting up a service team for our
business to business (B2B) model in the artificial IoT department. Through the efforts of expanding product offerings and reaching to
broader customer base, we will be able to move away from relying on limited customers and suppliers. As we dedicated our resources to
expansion, we experienced a significant decrease in the sales of tablet and mobile phone products during year ended June 30, 2024 as compared
to the same period in 2023: (i) new customers began orders in much smaller quantities as compared to our previous customer in order
to build up a trustworthy relationship; (ii) similarly and relevantly, we placed order with new suppliers in much smaller quantities
to build up relationship and ensure the quality of the products; and (iii) new product models on both tablet and mobile phones order
by new customers required approximately 6-9 months from development to mass production. 

In addition, on February 8, 2024, the U.S. Federal Communication
Commission stopped accepting new enrollment in the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) and announced that the ACP will stop accepting
new applications and enrollments on February 7, 2024, and will stop funding for enrolled customers starting on April 30, 2024.
Temporarily impacted by such a change in ACP, most of our new customers are cutting down their sales teams in anticipation of the reduced
customer base, which affects the demand for our products across all channels during the year ended June 30, 2024; and on the other hand,
our competitors have stockpiled their products during year ended June 30, 2024, due to severely declining sales and they have started
lower their sale price on their products which affected the demand of our products. However, we may continue to target end-users who are
eligible for the Lifeline Program, which is administered by the Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC) and receives funding from
the Universal Service Fund, a government program that receives annual contributions from telecommunications companies or their customers.
At the same time, because we have initiated our strategic shifts to diversify our product offerings, we expect to target customers who
are interested in other mobile devices, tablets, and IoT products. In addition, we began launching our products through TikTok Shop in
March 2024 and we expect to grow our sales through this E-Commerce channel. 

The Business Combination 

Incorporated
as a Delaware corporation named as Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. on November 13, 2023, we entered into a business combination
agreement (as amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement on February 18, 2024, by and among us, Acri
Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and our then sole stockholder ACAC ), Acri Capital Merger Sub II
Inc., a Delaware corporation and our then wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas corporation Foxx ). 

On
September 26, 2024 (the Closing ), ACAC consummated the transactions provided in the Business Combination Agreement, pursuant
to which (i) ACAC merged with and into us (the Reincorporation Merger ), and (ii) Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with
Merger Sub surviving as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Acquisition Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition
Merger, and the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are collectively referred to as the Business
Combination . 

Immediately
prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger (the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time ), which was on September
25, 2024, one business day prior to the Closing, (i) each issued and outstanding ACAC unit was automatically separated into one (1) share
of ACAC Class A common stock and one-half (1/2) of one ACAC warrant, and (ii) each share of ACAC Class A common stock held by ACAC stockholders
who validly redeemed their shares of ACAC Class A common stock (each ACAC Redeeming Share was automatically cancelled and
ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price. 

At the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time on September 25, 2024, (i) each share of ACAC Class A or Class B common stock issued and outstanding (other than ACAC Redeeming Shares) was converted automatically into one (1) share of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and (ii) each issued and outstanding ACAC warrant was converted automatically into one (1) redeemable our warrant, exercisable for one (1) share of our Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Warrant ). 

At the Closing on September 26, 2024, by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and the Business Combination Agreement, and without any action on the part of any party to the Business Combination Agreement or affiliate or security thereof, the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Foxx Foxx Common Stock held by exiting holders of Foxx common stock (the Foxx Stockholders immediately prior to the Closing (including shares of Foxx Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the principal and accrued interest of promissory notes of Foxx issued in the Transaction Financing, as defined below) were cancelled and automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock (the Closing Payment Stock , 500,000 of which are subject to the Escrow Arrangement noted below), and (ii) the contingent right to receive the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares (as defined below), if, as and when payable in accordance with the earnout provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. 

48 

Upon
Closing, we were renamed as Foxx Development Holdings Inc. , and the Merger Sub was renamed as Foxx Development Inc. 
(the Operating Subsidiary ). 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, 500,000 shares of the Closing Payment Stock in aggregate will be deposited (the Escrow Arrangement to a segregated escrow account and released to the Foxx Stockholders if and only if, prior to or upon the one-year anniversary of
the Business Combination Agreement, the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) managed by the U.S. Federal Communication Commission is
reauthorized by the U.S. Congress with funding of no less than 4 billion in total for such reauthorized period; or otherwise be
cancelled and forfeited by the Registrant without consideration. 

Additionally,
the Foxx Stockholders may be entitled to receive Earnout Shares , which refer to 4,200,000 shares of the Our Common Stock,
subject to the vesting schedule as follows: 

(i) in connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 2024 Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by us after Closing, reflect our revenue for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 (the 2024 Revenue no less than 67,000,000 (including 67,000,000) and less than 84,000,000 (excluding 84,000,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Audited Financial Statements is no less than 84,000,000 (including 84,000,000) and less than 100,000,000 (excluding 100,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Audited Financial Statements is no less than 100,000,000 (including 100,000,000); 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (i)(A)-(i)(C) above only once; and 

(ii) In connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 2025 Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by us after Closing, reflect revenue of the Registrant for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 (the 2025 Revenue no less than 77,050,000 (including 77,050,000) and less than 96,600,000 (excluding 96,600,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Audited Financial Statements is no less than 96,600,000 (including 96,600,000) and less than 115,000,000 (excluding 115,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Audited Financial Statements is no less than 115,000,000 (including 115,000,000); 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (ii)(A) to (ii)(C) above only once. 

49 

The ACAC securities previously
traded on Nasdaq were delisted without any action needed to be taken on the part of the holders of such securities and are no longer traded
on Nasdaq following the Closing. On September 27, 2024, one business day after the Closing, our Common Stock and Warrant became listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under trading symbols FOXX and FOXXW, respectively. 

In addition, pursuant to
that certain amendment to the Underwriting Agreement, by and between EF Hutton LLC and ACAC, dated February 20, 2024, 43,125 shares of
our Common Stock were issued to EF Hutton LLC at the Closing. 

The Transaction Financing 

In consideration of market
conditions, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties agreed to use commercially best efforts to secure financing to
pay transaction expense and working capital of New Foxx, including without limitation, a PIPE financing, private financing, redemption
waiver, convertible debt, forward purchase agreement, backstop, or equity line of credit (collectively, the Transaction Financing ). 

On June 21, 2023, Foxx Development Inc., a Texas
corporation Foxx ), issued a promissory note Note 1 to New Bay Capital Limited New Bay ),
in the principal amount of 2 million with an interest rate of 7 per annum, convertible into shares of Foxx common stock at 30.00
per share upon the listing of Foxx common stock through an initial public offering. On December 21, 2023, Foxx issued another promissory
note Note 2 to New Bay in the principal amount of 2 million with the same terms and conditions as Note 1. 

In connection with the Business Combination Agreement
and all the transaction contemplated therein (the Business Combination ), in the spring of 2024, Foxx and ACAC reached out
to New Bay to seek its interest in participating in further financing in connection with the Business Combination. 

After negotiations with New Bay, On March 15,
2024, Foxx and New Bay agreed to an amendment to Convertible Note Agreement, to amend Note 1 and Note 2 to remove the lock-up provisions
as provided therein and allow the unpaid principal and accrued interest on Note 1 and Note 2 to convert to Foxx common stock immediately
prior to the closing of the Business Combination. New Bay also subscribed for a new promissory note Note 3 in the principal
amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively, the New Bay Notes ). 

On March 15, 2024, Foxx
and New Bay amended the terms of the Note 1 and Note 2 accordingly and New Bay subscribed for a new promissory note Note 3 in the principal amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively New Bay
Notes ). 

On February 20, 2024,
New Bay introduced Foxx to BR Technologies PTE, Ltd. BR Technologies ), a Singapore-based company. On May 30,
2024, Foxx, BR Technologies and Grazyna Plawinski Limited Grazyna entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance
of promissory notes in the amount of up to 9.0 million with an interest rate of 7 per annum under the same terms and conditions
as provided in the New Bay Notes. A promissory note was issued by Foxx to BR (the Note 4 in the principal amount of 6
million and promissory notes issued by Foxx to Grazyna (the Note 5 in the total principal amount of 3 million on September
12, 2024. 

50 

Immediately prior to the Closing,
all the accrued and unpaid principal and interests on the New Bay Notes, Note 4, and Note 5 were converted into: (x) 212,050 shares of
Foxx common stock for the New Bay Notes, (y) 200,882 shares of Foxx common stock for Note 4, and (z) 100,690 share of Foxx common stock
for Note 5, at a price of 30.00 per share. At the Closing, all of the converted shares of Foxx common stock were cancelled in exchange
for the holders pro rata share of the Closing Payment Shares, resulting in (x) 700,473 shares of the Registrant s Common
Stock issued to New Bay, (y) 663,581 shares of the Registrant s Common Stock issued to BR Technologies, and (z) 332,614 shares of
the Registrant s Common Stock issued to Grazyna. 

Key Factors that Affect Operating Results 

We believe the key factors
affecting our financial condition and results of operations include the following: 

Retention of Key Management Team Members 

One of the key differentiating
factors of us is the rich blended nature of our management team. Our management team comprises executives with extensive experience in
electronics industry with IoT services related experiences. The wide array of industry experience captured by our management team allows
us to deliver advanced technology and superior products to our customers. Losing any member of our key executive team could significantly
impact the quality of services and products that we currently offer. Such departures may prompt customers to explore alternative products
or IoT cloud platforms offered by different vendors or service providers. 

Investment in technology and talent 

We invest significant resources
in outsourcing partnerships and dedicates efforts to research and develop new products, solutions, agent platforms, and related services.
This commitment is essential to uphold our competitiveness in the industry, especially in the realm of IoT services. Advancing technology
and enhancing capabilities are pivotal for enterprise growth, necessitating continual progress in electronic product technologies, novel
services, and expanded capabilities. 

To maintain and expand our
customer base, we must sustain a culture of innovation that aligns with the industry s evolution. This entails continuously introducing
cutting-edge technologies to the market. Our current focus in research and development revolves around bolstering comprehensive communication,
storage, and energy solutions, as well as advancing 5G technology. This includes areas such as baseband development, Radio Frequency (RF)
layout optimization, Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) integration, and rigorous system testing. 

51 

Our ability to expand our products and services
and diversifying customer base 

Currently, our main revenue
stream originates from the sale of tablets and mobile phones. As brand recognition and acceptance grow, we anticipate a surge in user
adoption of our wireless services and intelligence products. Our capacity to broaden our products portfolio, offer new services and attract
a more diversified customer base could significantly influence our future operating results. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison for the years ended June 30,
2024 and 2023 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 
 ) 

Change 
 ) 

Revenues, net 

3,228,559 

21,622,887 

(18,394,328) 

(85.1) 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

3,112,616 

20,514,107 

(17,401,916) 

(84.8) 
 
 Gross profit 

115,943 

1,108,780 

(992,837) 

(89.5) 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expense 

1,076,761 

262,767 

813,994 

309.8 

General, and administrative expense 

2,076,484 

487,706 

1,588,778 

325.8 

Research and development related party 

91,168 

272,080 

(180,912) 

(66.5) 
 
 (Loss) income from operations 

(3,128,470) 

86,227 

(3,214,697) 

(3,728.2) 
 
 Other expense, net 

(282,344) 

13,799 

268,545 

1,946.1 

Provision for income tax 

19,828 

14,237 

5,591 

39.3 

Net (loss) income 

(3,430,642) 

58,191 

(3,488,833) 

(5,995.5) 

Revenues 

Our revenue primarily derived
from sales of electronic products. The total revenues decreased by approximately 18.4 million, or 85.1 , to approximately 3.2 million
for the year ended June 30, 2024 as compared to approximately 21.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease of the
total revenue was mainly attributable to our change of business strategy as discussed in the aforementioned overview section. As we are
steadily cultivating new business relationships with our customer base, we anticipate a gradual increase in sales to align with our previous
volume levels. 

Our revenues from our revenue
categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Tablet products 
 660,787 
 19,648,799 
 
 Mobile phone products 
 2,567,772 
 1,944,750 
 
 Other revenue 
 
 29,338 
 
 Total revenues 
 3,228,559 
 21,622,887 

Tablets products experienced
a decrease primarily attributed to our shift in business strategy as discussed in the aforementioned overview section. Revenue from the
sales of tablets decreased by approximately 19.0 million, or 96.6 , to approximately 0.7 million for the year ended June 30,
2024 from approximately 19.6 million for the same period in 2023. Revenue from sales of phones increased by approximately 0.6 million,
or 32.0 , to approximately 2.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 from approximately 2.0 million for the same period
in 2023 as we rolled out some new phone products beginning in January 2024. Revenue from others consisted with sales of rugged cases and
freight and shipping insurance income. The sales of others decreased by approximately 29,000, or 100.0 , to 0 for the year ended June
30, 2024 from approximately 29,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease in sales of other products was not significant to our
operations. 

52 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Our cost of goods sold mainly
consists of cost of merchandise and freight. Total cost of goods sold decreased by approximately 17.4 million, or 84.8 , to approximately
 3.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 as compared to approximately 20.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. The
decrease in cost of goods sold is a direct result of a decrease in revenue, consistent with our change of business strategy as discussed
above year ended June 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Furthermore, we successfully identified three new vendors offering
lower unit prices for manufacturing our products, contributing to the decrease in the cost of goods sold. 

Our cost of goods sold from
their revenue categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Tablet products 
 505,832 
 18,667,181 
 
 Mobile phone products 
 2,606,784 
 1,835,796 
 
 Other costs 
 
 11,130 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 
 3,122,616 
 20,514,107 

Our cost of goods sold for
tables decreased by approximately 18.2 million, or 97.3 , to approximately 0.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 from
approximately 18.7 million for the same period in 2023. Cost of goods sold for mobile phone products increased by approximately
 0.8 million, or 42.0 , to approximately 2.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 from approximately 1.8 million
for the same period in 2023. Other costs, including cost of rugged cases and freight in and shipping insurance costs, decreased by approximately
 11,000, or 100.0 , to 0 for the year ended June 30, 2024 from approximately 11,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit decreased
by approximately 1.0 million, or 89.5 , to approximately 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, from approximately
 1.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Our gross profit from their
major revenue categories is summarized as follows: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change ) 
 
 Tablet products 

Gross profit 
 154,955 
 981,618 
 (826,663 
 (84.2 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 23.5 
 5.0 
 18.5 

Mobile phone products 

Gross profit 
 (39,012 
 108,954 
 (147,966 
 (135.8 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 (1.5 
 5.6 
 (7.1 

Other 

Gross profit 
 
 18,208 
 (18,208 
 (100.0 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 
 62.1 
 (62.1 

Total 

Gross profit 
 115,943 
 1,108,780 
 (992,837 
 (89.5 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 3.6 
 5.1 
 (1.5 

53 

For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, overall gross profit percentage
was 3.6 and 5.1 , respectively. The decrease in gross profit percentage of 1.5 was primarily due to the decrease in sales volume of
all product lines. In the meantime, we generated a negative profit from the sale of mobile phone products, which happened during the period
from January 1 to June 30, 2024 when our vendor had a delay in delivery the mobile phone products. We were willing to sell the goods to
customer at a discounted price to minimize the risk of our customer cancelling existing orders, and to retain the customer relationship
since we just started to make sales to our new customers. 

Gross profit percentage of
tablets improved from 5.0 to 23.5 from the year ended June 30, 2023 to the same period in 2024. This was primarily due to our change
of business strategy as discussed above, which lead to the increase in the unit selling price of electronic products, and the decrease
in the unit purchase price of the purchasing goods. 

The gross profit percentage
for mobile phones decreased from 5.6 to (1.5) from the year ended June 30, 2023, to the same period in 2024. This decline was primarily
due our decision to sell products to a new customer at discounted prices during the period from January 1 to June 30, 2024. During this
time, we experienced a delay in delivery from our vendor and aimed to minimize the risk of the customer cancelling existing orders. 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses increased by approximately 2.2 million,
or 217.3 , to approximately 3.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 from approximately 1.0 million for the year ended
June 30, 2023. 

Our operating expenses are
summarized as follows: 

For the Years ended June 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 
 ) 

Change ) 

Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 

1,076,761 

262,767 

813,994 

309.8 

General and administrative expense 

2,076,484 

487,706 

1,588,778 

325.8 

Research and development related party 

91,168 

272,080 

(180,912) 

(66.5) 
 
 Total operating expense 

3,244,413 

1,022,553 

2,221,860 

217.3 

The increase in operating expense
was mainly attributed to the following: 

Selling Expenses 

Selling expenses increased,
approximately 0.8 million, or 309.8 , to approximately 1.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, from approximately 0.3 million
for the year ended June 30, 2023. The increased selling expenses was mainly attributable to approximately 0.3 million increase in consulting
fees, as the Company engaged additional sales consultant to enhance our sales efforts, approximately 0.2 million increase in payroll
and payroll related expense as we recruited and hired a vice president of sales to our team during the year ended June 30, 2024, approximately
 0.1 million increase in advertising and marketing expense, and approximately 0.2 million increase in sampling, testing and certification
expenses, which all directly related with change in business strategy where we began to boost the brand awareness, adding new product
models, and to attract more business opportunities in the electronic devices market during the year ended June 30, 2024. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased, approximately 1.6 million, or 325.8 , to approximately 2.1 million for the year ended June
30, 2024 from approximately 0.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. The increased general and administrative expense were
mainly attributable to the approximately 0.6 million increase in non-capitalized initial public offering related
expense on audit and accounting fees, approximately 0.7 million increase in salary and wages due to eight new hires during the year
ended June 30, 2024, approximately 0.3 million increase in other general and administrative miscellaneous expenses, such as rent
expense, travel expense, and office expense due to increased expenses in operation of business. We anticipate a continued rise in our
SG A as we persist in executing our business expansion plan and integrating IoT-enabled devices alongside our cloud platform to streamline
operations in 2024 and 2025. 

54 

Research and Development related
party 

Research
and development R D expenses decreased by approximately 0.2 million, or 66.5 , where the decrease was primarily
due to an R D project slowed down in the year ended June 30,
2024 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2023, a related party had completed the development of
4G project for us and we incurred a R D expense of approximately 0.3 million. During the year ended June 30, 2024, a related party
completed 40 of the remaining 5G development project from a R D agreement for us and we recognized a R D expense approximately
of 0.1 million accordingly based the progression of the R D project. We expect our R D expenses will continue to go up as we
will need to development our IoT and MVNO capabilities products and to finish our development of the 5G products in 2024 and 2025. 

Other expense, net 

Our other expense, net is summarized
as follows: 

For the Years ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change ) 
 
 Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 
 (278,328 
 (9,277 
 (269,051 
 2,900.2 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 (4,016 
 (4,522 
 (506 
 (11.2 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (282,344 
 (13,799 
 268,545 
 1,946.1 

Total other expense, net
increased by approximately 0.3 million, or 1,946.1 , to approximately 0.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, from approximately
 14,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to interest expenses incurred related to three convertible promissory
notes issued in June 2023, November 2023, and March 2024. 

Provision for income taxes 

The
provision for income taxes increased by approximately 6,000 from approximately 14,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 to approximately
 20,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024. During the year ended June 30, 2024, we had provision for income taxes of approximately 20,000
resulted from timing difference between calendar year on income tax return in 2022 and fiscal year of operation of June 30, for which
those operating losses incurred from January 2023 to June 2023 cannot be carried back. At the same time, we had provided 100 
allowance on our deferred tax assets on net operating losses for the year ended June 30, 2024. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we
had operating income and resulted in provision for income taxes of approximately 14,000. 

Net (Loss) Income 

Net
income decreased by approximately 3.5 million, or 5,995.5 , to approximately 3.4 million of net loss for the year ended June 30,
2024, from approximately 0.1 million net income for the year ended June 30, 2023. Such change was mainly due to the reasons discussed
above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In assessing liquidity, we
monitor and analyses cash on-hand and operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet working capital requirements,
operating expenses, and capital expenditure obligations. Debt financing in the form of convertible promissory note and cash generated
from operations have been utilized to finance working capital requirements. 

55 

As of June 30, 2024, we had
cash and cash equivalents of approximately 0.6 million, while accumulated deficit and working capital deficit were approximately
 11.0 million and 4.6 million, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2024, we had net loss of approximately 3.4 million
and net operating cash outflow of approximately 4.7 million. 

If we are unable to generate
sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements within the normal operating cycle of a twelve-month period from the date
of the financial statements are issued, we may have to consider supplementing our available sources of funds through the following sources: 

Other available sources of financing from banks and other
financial institutions or private lender; 

Financial support and credit guarantee commitments from our
related parties; and 

Equity financing. 

As such, our management has
determined that the factors discussed above have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one
year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The following summarizes the
key components of cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (4,680,079 
 30,176 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (8,743 
 (66,899 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 3,451,421 
 1,839,830 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,237,401 
 1,803,107 

Operating activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 4.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 and was primarily attributable
to (i) approximately 3.4 million net loss, (ii) approximately 0.3 million increased in accounts receivable due to 
 provision of credit term to our new customers during the year, (iii) approximately
 1.7 million increased in contract assets due to engagement with new vendors which required purchase deposits to secure relevant
transactions, (iv) approximately 1.8 million increased in inventories due to change in our business strategy where we rented
warehouse in the U.S. to store our inventories, (v) approximately 63,000 increased in prepaid expenses and other current assets,
and security deposit, (vi) approximately 33,000 in payment of operating lease liability, and (vii) approximately 16,000 decreased
in income taxes payable. The cash outflow was offset by (viii) non-cash expenses of approximately 0.3 million, which includes depreciation,
accrued interest expenses from incurred from convertible notes, and amortization of operating right-of-use assets, (ix) approximately
 1.4 million increased in accounts payable due to purchase of more inventories with vendors to meet customer demand, (x) approximately
 0.6 million increased in contract liabilities due to a higher number of sales orders that had not yet been fulfilled but with advance
payments made by customers to us to reserve products, (xi) approximately 0.2 million increased in other payables and accrued liabilities
mainly due to accrued professional fees that associated with business expansion, such as consulting fees, testing fees and legal fees.

Net cash provided by operating
activities was approximately 30,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately 0.1 million
net income, (ii) approximately 0.6 million decreased in prepayment and other current assets as we have utilized prepaid purchase
orders during the period. The inflow was offset by (iii) approximately 0.6 million decreased in customer deposit as we have
fulfilled more of our sales orders during the period and (iv) approximately 0.1 million decreased in accounts payable to a
related party as we made full repayment to our related party vendor. 

56 

Investing activities 

Net cash used in
investing activities was approximately 9,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024, attributable to the purchase of office equipment and
furniture. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, attributable to purchase of an automobile for our
business uses. 

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 3.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, mainly attributable to 4.0 million proceeds from
issuance of convertible promissory notes to New Bay in November 2023 and March 2024, offset by approximately 0.4 million
in payments of deferred offering costs, the repayment of related party loans of approximately 0.1 million, and the principal payments
of long-term loan of approximately 16,000. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 1.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, primarily attributable to 2.0 million proceeds
from convertible promissory note offset by the repayment of related party loans of approximately 0.2 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of June 30, 2024, we have
no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that are material to our members. 

Critical Accounting Estimate 

The financial statements and
accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements and accompanying
notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We have identified certain accounting estimates that
are critical to the preparation of financial statements. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance
to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s
current judgments. We believe that the critical accounting estimates, assumptions, and judgments that have the most significant impact
on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 

Income Taxes 

We record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the net tax
effects of tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes compared to the amounts used for income tax purposes. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for
recoverability with consideration for such factors as historical losses, projected future taxable income, and the expected timing of the
reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management believes the deferred tax assets, based largely on the history of tax losses,
warrant a full valuation allowance based on the weight of available negative evidence. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, we had recognized
valuation allowance of 2,034,318 and 1,172,171, respectively. Currently, the key factor on our assumption of providing 100 valuation
allowance was purely based on our historical operating losses. Once we began generating profit, we will re-evaluate whether providing
100 valuation allowance is appropriate or if we can reassess such number. 

57 

ACAC MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of ACAC s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with ACAC s audited consolidated
financial statements and the related notes to those statements included herein. In addition to historical consolidated financial information,
the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. ACAC s actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the
sections titled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements , which you should review for a discussion of some
of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements
contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this subsection to the Company, ACAC , we, us or our 
refer to the business of ACAC and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on January 7, 2022, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business
Combination ). We are actively searching and identifying suitable Business Combination target. We intend to effectuate our Business
Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the IPO and the sale of warrants (the
 Private Placement Warrants in a private placement (the Private Placement to the Company s sponsor
Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), potential additional shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 8,625,000 units (the Units (including 1,125,000 Units issued upon the
full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the
 Public Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one
share of Class A common stock (the Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at
an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000 on June 14, 2022. 

Business Combination
with Foxx 

On
February 18, 2024, we entered into a business combination agreement (as amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ),
by and among us, Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Purchaser , or PubCo 
upon and following the Business Combination), Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub , together with us and the Purchaser, the Purchaser Parties ), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas
corporation Foxx ), pursuant to which (i) Parent will merger with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation Merger ),
and (ii) Foxx will merge with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the Acquisition
Merger ). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and other transactions contemplated under the Business Combination
Agreement, are collectively referred to as the Foxx Business Combination . Following consummation of the Foxx Business Combination
(the Closing ), Purchaser will become a publicly traded company. 

On
May 31, 2024, ACAC, PubCo, Merger Sub, and Foxx entered into an amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the BCA Amendment ).
Pursuant to the BCA Amendment, ACAC, PubCo, Merger Sub, and Foxx agreed to revise the lock-up provision, which shall now provide that,
each Pre-Closing Company Stockholder (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) who holds more than 5 of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Foxx Foxx Common Stock immediately prior to closing of the Business Combination (the Closing except the Pre-Closing Company Stockholders who hold Foxx Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of certain convertible notes of Foxx,
the Sponsor, and affiliates of the foregoing, will, subject to certain customary exceptions, agree not to sell any share of common stock
of the PubCo PubCo Common Stock held by them until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the Closing,
or (B) the date on which the last reported sale price of the PubCo Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing after the Closing, or earlier, in any case, if subsequent to the Closing, the PubCo completes a subsequent liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of ACAC s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

58 

Additional Information about the Transaction
and Where to Find It 

The
Business Combination has been approved by the boards of directors of ACAC, PubCo and Foxx, and will be submitted to stockholders of ACAC
and the stockholders of Foxx for their approval. ACAC started mailing of a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to
its stockholders on August 1, 2024, and the record date established for voting on the proposed transaction was on July 19. 2024. The special
meeting of the stockholders of ACAC is scheduled to be held on August 27, 2024. ACAC stockholders are urged to read the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333- 280613) that was filed publicly by the Purchaser
and declared effective by the SEC on July 29, 2024. ACAC stockholders will also be able to obtain a free copy of the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus, as well as other filings containing information about ACAC, without charge, at the SEC s website www.sec.gov ). 

Special Meeting III and Extension Notes 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting III ), at which the stockholders
of the Company approved, among other things, the proposal to amend the then-effective Company Charter to allow the Company until April
14, 2024 to consummate the Business Combination, and, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the deadline to complete a
Business Combination (the Combination Deadline on a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times, up to January 14, 2025,
by depositing the lesser of (i) 50,000 and (ii) 0.033 for each public share into the Trust Account. Upon the stockholders 
approval, on April 10, 2024, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing (the Charter
upon the amendment, the Third Amended Charter ). In connection with the Special Meeting III, 1,439,666 shares of Class A
common stock of the Company were redeemed and cancelled. 

Pursuant
to the Third Amended Charter, the Company may extend the Combination Deadline on a monthly basis from April 14, 2024 for up to nine times,
up to January 14, 2025, by depositing 50,000 each month into the Trust Account. Following the Special Meeting III, the Sponsor deposited
four monthly payments, and Foxx deposited one monthly payment into the Trust Account to extend the Combination Deadline to September 14,
2024. The five monthly payments were evidenced by four promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor and one promissory note issued
by the Company to Foxx, each in the principal amount of 50,000. 

Working Capital Note 

The
Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be
required. Any such loans would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from
funds released to us upon completion of the Business Combination. We may issue such working capital notes to the Sponsor, officers, directors,
of their affiliates, evidencing the terms of such loans. 

On
December 5, 2023 and June 11, 2024, respectively, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of 500,000 (collectively, the Working
Capital Notes to the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Working Capital Notes, which
may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, and will be used as general working
capital purposes. 

The
Working Capital Notes are non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation
of the Company s initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be
prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Working Capital Notes has the right, but not the obligation, to
convert the Working Capital Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants of the Company, as described in
the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-263477), by providing the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Working
Capital Notes at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s initial business combination. The number of Warrants
to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding
principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) 1.00. 

The
issuance of the Working Capital Notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

59 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy
a Continued Listing Rule or Standard 

On
July 23, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Letter from the Listing Qualifications
Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Market
Value of Listed Securities MVLS for the Company was below the 35 million minimum MVLS requirement for continued
listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS
Rule ). The Letter is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing
or trading of the Company s securities. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company will have 180 calendar days, or until January 20, 2025 (the Compliance
Period ), to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. To regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, the MVLS for the Company must be
at least 35 million for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days at any time during this Compliance Period. If the Company regains compliance
with the MVLS Rule, Nasdaq will provide the Company with written confirmation and will close the matter. 

If
the Company does not regain compliance with the MVLS Rule by the Compliance Date, Nasdaq will provide written notification that its securities
will be subject to delisting. In the event of such notification, the Nasdaq rules permit the Company an opportunity to appeal Nasdaq s
determination. 

The
Company is monitoring its MVLS and is evaluating options to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. However, there can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing standards. 

Results of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date except the preparation and completion of the IPO and
the search for a target candidate following the consummation of the IPO. Our only activities from inception through June 30, 2024 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO and search for a target candidate. We do not expect to generate any
operating revenues until after the completion of the Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching
for, and completing, the Business Combination. 

For
the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we had net loss of 245,297 and net income of 90,945, respectively, mainly from income
on our investment less our formation and operating costs and tax expenses. For the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, we had net
loss of 142,648 and net income of 454,603, respectively, mainly from income on our investment less our formation and operating costs
and tax expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The
Company s liquidity needs up to June 30, 2024 had been satisfied through initial payment from the Sponsor of 25,000, proceeds from
the Private Placement of 5,240,000, and loan from sponsor of 2,503,327. 

On
June 14, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 8,625,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per unit (including 1,125,000 units issued upon the
fully exercise of the over-allotment option), generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO and
exercise of the over-allotment option in full by the underwriters, we consummated the sale of 5,240,000 warrants as Private Warrants,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the registered holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class
A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, generating gross proceeds of 5,240,000. Following the closings of the IPO and the sales
of the Private Warrants on June 14, 2022, a total of 87,975,000 (or 10.20 per share) was placed in the Trust Account. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash of 4,665 and a working capital deficit of 3,346,481 (excluding taxes payable which will be paid
out from Trust). 

60 

On
February 8, 2023, in connection with the Special Meeting I, 4,981,306 shares of Class A common stock of the Company were rendered for
redemption at 10.33 per share. On July 11, 2023, in connection with the Special Meeting II, 388,644 shares of Class A common stock
of the Company were redeemed and cancelled at 10.82 per share. On May 9, 2024, in connection with the New
Extension Amendment Proposal , 1,439,666 shares of Class A common stock of the Company were redeemed and cancelled at 11.24 per
share, resulting in approximately 21.2 million remaining in the Trust Account as of June 30, 2024. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account, excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete the Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account
to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete the Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete the Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, the Sponsor or an
affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If
the Company completes the Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Business Combination does not
close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the
Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrant, at a price of 1.00 per
warrant at the option of the lender. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to the Business
Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete the Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the Third Amended Charter, the Company may extend the Combination Deadline on a monthly basis from April 14, 2024 for up to nine times,
up to January 14, 2025, by depositing 50,000 each month into the Trust Account. As of the date of this report, between July 12, 2023
and March 12, 2024, an aggregate of 675,000 of extension payments, or nine monthly extension payments of 75,000, were deposited into
the Trust Account, which enabled the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate the Business Combination on a monthly basis
from July 14, 2023 to April 14, 2024. Following the Special Meeting III, the Sponsor deposited four monthly payments, and Foxx deposited
one monthly payment, into the Trust Account, to extend the Combination Deadline to September 14, 2024. The five monthly payments were
evidenced by four promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor and one promissory note issued by the Company to Foxx (the Foxx
Note ), each in the principal amount of 50,000. 

In
connection with each monthly extension payments, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes (each an Extension Note to the Sponsor. 

Each
of the Extension Notes is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation
of the Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at
the election of the Company. The holder of the Extension Notes has the right, but not the obligation, to convert each Extension Note,
in whole or in part, respectively, into Private Warrants of the Company, as described in the Prospectus, by providing the Company with
written notice of its intention to convert the Extension Notes at least two business days prior to the closing of the Business Combination.
The number of Private Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) 1.00. 

61 

The
Foxx Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the
Company s initial business combination, and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid
at any time, at the election of the Company. The Foxx Note is not convertible into any securities of the Company. 

If
we are unable to complete the Business Combination by the Combination Deadline, we may seek approval from our stockholders holding no
less than 65 or more of the votes to approve to extend the Combination Deadline, and if we fail to obtain approval from our stockholders
for such extension or we do not seek such extension, the Company will cease all operations. 

As
a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. We do not participate
in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

As
of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, the Private Warrants, and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and
any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

In
preparing the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
expenses during the reporting period. 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these
estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies and estimates: 

Investments held
in Trust Account 

At June
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 21,214,423 and 36,672,846 of the assets held in the Trust Account, respectively, were held in money
market funds, which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury securities. 

The
Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities. 
Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity
treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of
premiums or discounts. 

Offering Costs 

The
Company complies with the requirements of ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to shareholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

62 

Warrants 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and
ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common stock and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. We determined
that upon further review of the proposed form of warrant agreement, management concluded that the warrants included in the units issued
in the IPO pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

Common Stock Subject
to Possible Redemption 

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s
Public Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2024, common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption
value of 11.58 per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet.
The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common
stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Net Income (Loss)
per Share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income
(loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss)
allocable to both the redeemable common stock and non-redeemable common stock and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using
the total net loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average
number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable common stock. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption
value of the common stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ), which modifies the rules on income tax disclosures to require entities to disclose (1) specific categories
in the rate reconciliation, (2) the income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit (separated between
domestic and foreign) and (3) income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations (separated by federal, state and foreign). ASU 2023-09 also
requires entities to disclose their income tax payments to international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, among other changes.
The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements
that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. ASU 2023-09 should be applied on a prospective basis, but
retrospective application is permitted. We evaluated the potential impact of adopting this new guidance on our unaudited consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures and believe that the adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

63 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Audited Financial Statements of Foxx Development Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

Interim Financial Statements of Acri Capital
Acquisition Corporation 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 
 F-27 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-28 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-29 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-30 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-31 

Audited Financial Statements of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 688) 
 
 F-46 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-47 

Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and for the Period from January 7, 2022 (Inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-48 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and for the Period from January 7, 2022 (Inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-49 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and for the Period from January 7, 2022 (Inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-50 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-51 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Foxx Development Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Foxx Development Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2,
the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet
its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 . 

San Jose, CA 
October 24, 2024 

PCAOB ID# 688 

F- 2 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Inventories 
 
 -

Contract assets 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Amount due from related party 
 
 -

Total Current Assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Operating right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 
 -

Security deposits 
 
 -

Total Non-current Assets 
 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payable - related party 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 
 -

Short-term loans 

Short-term loan - related party 
 -

Current maturity of long-term loan 

Operating lease liabilities - current 
 
 -

Convertible promissory notes 

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 
 
 -

Long-term loan - non-current 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 18) 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value, shares and shares authorized as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

June 30, 

2024 

2023 

REVENUES, NET 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development - related party 

Total Operating Expenses 

(LOSS) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Other expense, net 

() 

() 
 
 Total Other Expense, net 

() 

() 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

() 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES 

Basic 

Diluted 

NET (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Additional 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, July 1, 2022 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, June 30, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, June 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by 

Operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Accrued interest expense from convertible notes 

Amortization of operating right of use assets 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Inventories 
 
 -

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Amount due from a related party 

Security deposits 
 
 -

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Accounts payable, related party 
 -

Contract liabilities 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payable - related party 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Income taxes payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments to short-term loans - related party 

Principal payments of long-term loan 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note 

Payments of deferred offering costs 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of the year 

CASH, end of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income tax 
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of equipment through long-term loans 
 -

Initial recognition of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs included in other payables and accrued liabilities 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of equity interests. Foxx Technology operates in the field of the manufacture of wireless
communications equipment, and the wholesale of handphones, handphone peripheral equipment and other telecommunications equipment. Since
the Company owns the majority controlling financial interest in Foxx Technology, according to ASC 810-10-15-10, all majority-owned
subsidiaries shall be consolidated. Foxx Technology is required to be consolidated under ASC 810. As of June 30, 2024, no significant
operations nor capital contributions were made to Foxx Technology. As a result, the Company s consolidated financial statements
did not reflect any operating activities from Foxx Technology. The Company has voting interest of Foxx Technology. On July 30, 2024,
Foxx submitted the application to dissolve Foxx Technology and pending for the final approval from the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority of Singapore. 

Recent Development 

Foxx
Development Holdings Inc. was incorpo rated on November 13, 2023 under the name Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. On
February 18, 2024, Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. Purchaser and after the Closing (as defined below), the New
Foxx entered into a business combination agreement (as amended from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement ), by and among Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation ACAC , or Parent ), Purchaser,
 Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ,
and Foxx, pursuant to which (i) Parent will merger with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation Merger ), and (ii) Foxx will
merge with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the Acquisition Merger ).
The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and other transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are
collectively referred to as the Business Combination . 

Following
the consummation of the Business Combination (the Closing on September 26, 2024, Purchaser was renamed as Foxx Development
Holdings Inc. , and became a publicly traded company. The Merger Sub was renamed as Foxx Development Inc. and became
the Delaware subsidiary of Purchaser. See Note 22 for more details. 

million for
the year ended June 30, 2024; (2) accumulated deficit of approximately million as of June 30, 2024; (3) the working
capital deficit of approximately million as of June 30, 2024, and (4) three convertible promissory notes with a total principal
amount of million as of June 30, 2024 and the related interests were automatically converted into the right to receive, without
interest, the applicable portion of shares of the common stock of the Company (the Common Stock ), par value 
per share (the Closing Payment Stock as defined in Note 22) f ollowing consummation
of the Business Combination on September 26, 2024 . 

If the Company is unable to
generate sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements of the Company within the normal operating cycle of a twelve-month
period from the date of the consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company may have to consider supplementing its available
sources of funds through the following sources: 

Other available sources of financing from banks in the United States
of America and other financial institutions or private lender; 

Financial support and credit guarantee commitments from the
Company s related parties; and 

Equity financing. 

F- 7 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

operating
and reportable segment. 

. The Company has
historically not experienced a loss related to these deposits. 

and 0 , respectively. 

and 0 , respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, no inventory
write-down was recorded. 

F- 9 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years Vehicles years 

and
 0 , respectively. 

F- 10 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 0 , respectively
recorded under accrued liabilities and other current liabilities, and these reserves were recognized based on estimation and judgment
from the Company s management. 

F- 11 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 0 , respectively, and such reserves are based on estimation and required judgment from the Company s management. There are no
transaction prices allocated to future periods or future obligations and no revenue was recognized for performance obligations satisfied
in previous periods. 

F- 12 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. 

F- 13 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

likelihood of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit
is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income taxes are classified as income tax expenses in the period
incurred. Income tax returns for the years prior to 2021 are no longer subject to examination by U.S. tax authorities. 

F- 14 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

F- 15 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total inventories 

Add: net increase in current period contract asset 

Less: inventory recognized from beginning contract asset 

Total contract assets as the end of the period 

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Furniture and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the
years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

F- 16 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest payable 

Professional fee payable 

Accrued warranty expenses 

Others 

Total other payables and accrued liabilities 

Add: net increase in current period contract liabilities 

Less: revenue recognized from beginning contract liabilities 

Total contract liabilities as the end of the period 

(1) 

Other payable related
party 

Company B (2) 

F- 17 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and is non-interest bearing. The Company s
imputed interest is immaterial. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company made a full repayment to the related party with a total
amount of . 

Related party transactions 

F- 18 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Lender B (2) 

Total short-term loan 

and is non-interest bearing. The Company s imputed
interest is immaterial. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company neither drew money from the lender, nor made any repayment. 

with a third-party lender. This loan is non-interest bearing. The Company s imputed interest is immaterial.
This loan had an original due date in February 2020 and automatically converted into a due on demand term thereafter. During the
years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company neither drew money from the lender, nor made any repayment. 

at per annum. The maturity date for the note is the earlier of the
 month anniversary of the issuance date and the date when Foxx redeems the note, or the date of the initial closing of the initial public
offering IPO of Foxx. 

On November 21, 2023,
Foxx issued a second convertible promissory note the Convertible Note 2) to the same investor in the amount of 
at per annum. The maturity and other terms were the same to Convertible Note 1. 

On March 15, 2024, Foxx
and the Investor entered into an Amendment to the Convertible Note Agreement to the Convertible Note 1 and Convertible Note 2
and agreed that all accrued interest shall become due and payable in shares of common stock of Foxx, at a price of per share at
the time that the Foxx completes the Business Combination. 

On March 15, 2024, Foxx
issued a third convertible promissory note the Convertible Note 3 , together with Convertible Note 1 and Convertible
Note 2, collectively as Notes to the same Investor for the amount of at per annum and Foxx received
 from the Investor as of March 31, 2024. The Company received the remaining proceeds of on April 8, 2024.
The maturity and other terms were the same to Convertible Note 1 and Convertible Note 2. 

On May 30, 2024, Foxx
entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance of convertible promissory notes to BR Technologies Pte. Ltd in the amount of
 and to Grazyna Plawinski Limited in the amount of , at per annum (collectively, the Convertible Notes 4 ).
In August and September 2024, the Company received the proceeds of from the Convertible Notes 4. The maturity date for the Convertible
Notes 4 will be due at the earlier of the 12-month anniversary of the issuance date. The Convertible Notes 4 and their
accrued and unpaid interest will be automatically convertible into shares of common stock of Foxx, at a price of per share at the
time that the Company completes the Business Combination. The Convertible Notes 4 and the related interests were automatically converted
into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Closing
Payment Stock as defined below) f ollowing consummation of the Business Combination on September
26, 2024. 

The Notes are automatically
convertible into shares of common stock of Foxx (collectively, the Converted Shares ), par value of per share, at
a price of per share at the time that Foxx completes the Business Combination. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding unconverted
and unpaid principal amount at per annum and shall be compounded annually from the issuance date until interest payment date, which
is the first to occur of (i) the maturity date, and (ii) the date of any conversion of the Note (s), and (iii) the date
of any other repayment or redemption of this Note. The full outstanding and unpaid principal amount shall be repaid in full on maturity
date on June 20, 2024, November 20, 2024, March 14, 2025 respectively, and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and
payable by the Company in shares on the interest payment date. Those Notes may not be prepaid by Foxx without prior written consent of
the Investor. The Notes and the related interests were automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest,
the applicable portion of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Closing Payment Stock as defined in Note
22) f ollowing consummation of the Business Combination on September 26, 2024. 

As of June 30, 2024
and 2023, the fair and carrying value of the Notes were and , respectively, net of unamortized premium, discount,
or issuance costs; and accrued interest related to the Notes were and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F- 19 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. As of June 30, 2024,
the carrying value of the asset that has been pledged as a collateral is . The monthly payments are from March 2023
to February 2029, with an interest rate of per annum. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total long-term debt payment 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt non-current portion 

Interest expense for years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 for the above loan amounted to and , respectively. 

shares of Common Stock with a par value of per
share. On February 27, 2024, the Company increased its authorized shares to shares. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023,
there are shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

, and 
of the Company s total revenues. 

For the year ended June 30,
2023, one customer, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for of the Company s total revenues. 

(b) Major suppliers 

 For the year ended June 30,
2024, three suppliers, supplier A, supplier B and supplier C, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for , and of
the Company s total purchases. 

For the year ended June 30,
2023, one supplier, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for of the Company s total purchases. 

(c) Geographic areas 

For the years ended June 30,
2024 and 2023, all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States and all of the Company s revenues
are derived solely from the United States, accordingly, no geographical information is presented. 

F- 20 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per month from November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2024. The Company determined that the accounting impact of this lease
is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 and no operating right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as June 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company terminated this lease on August 5, 2023. 

On August 1, 2023, the
Company entered a -month lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for its purchased inventory for a ly rental
fee of . The Company determined that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the year ended June 30, 2024 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as of June 30,
2024. 

On August 14, 2023, the
Company entered a -month lease agreement to rent an office for operating purposes with a ly rental fee of . The Company determined
that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended June
30, 2024 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as June 30, 2024. 

On September 18, 2023,
the Company entered a month-to-month rental agreement to rent as dorm for the employee with a monthly rent of . The Company determined
that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended June
30, 2024 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as June 30, 2024. 

In September 2023, the
Company signed a three -year lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for business operation with a monthly rent of ,
plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is October 1, 2023 and has no renewal option. The Company considered
this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company recognized lease expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term for operating lease. On July 17, 2024, the Company extended the lease for another 35 months to be commenced on
October 1, 2026 and ended August 31, 2029. 

The ROU assets and lease liabilities
are determined based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the lease as of the adoption date, using incremental
borrowing rate as the effective interest rate, with a weighted average rate of . 

As of June 30, 2024, the weighted-average
remaining operating lease term of its existing leases is approximately year. 

For the year ending June 30, 2025 

For the year ending June 30, 2026 

For the year ending June 30, 2027 

For the year ending June 30, 2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: discount 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 

F- 21 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Lease expenses short term 
 Selling, general, and administrative 

Total operating lease cost 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Total provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense for the
years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 varied from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income before taxes. for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 to the Company s effective tax
rate are as follows: 

State statutory tax rate, net of deduction on federal tax return 

Permanent difference 

Others 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 22 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million,
 million, and million, respectively, as of June 30, 2024. The Company elected allowance on deferred tax asset for
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 and incurred approximately million and million allowance on deferred tax asset,
respectively. The Company s NOL is limited to of the excess of taxable income on federal level, same apply to the state of
Georgia, with no limitation to the state of California. Both Company s federal and the state of Georgia NOLs will last indefinitely.
 The state of California NOLs can be carried for 20 years. The valuation allowance increased by
approximately million from approximately million on June 30, 2023 to approximately million on June 30, 2024. 

 The Company s ability to use its federal net operating carryforward
may be limited if the Company experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not performed any Section 382 study. 

State 

Capitalized R D expense 

Accrued warranty expense 
 
 -

Lease liabilities 
 
 -

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Right of use assets 
 
 -

Total deferred tax liability 

Total deferred tax accounts, net 
 -
 
 -

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company evaluates each
uncertain tax position (including the potential application of interest and penalties) based on the marketing performance and measures
the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any significant
unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

F- 23 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Mobile phone products 

Other products 
 -

Total revenues 

E-Commerce revenues 
 
 -

Total revenues 

Interest expenses incurred on the convertible note 

Net (loss) income diluted EPS 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of convertible note 

Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic (loss) earnings per share 

Diluted (loss) earnings per share 

shares of Common Stock that is potentially
convertible from the convertible notes that was excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for the period presented because it has anti-dilutive
effect as the company had a net loss during the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Other than the Company s
outstanding convertible notes having a dilutive effect on its EPS, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. 

F- 24 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the Convertible Notes 4 and the Convertible Notes 5. 

Leases 

On July 9, 2024, the Company
entered a -year and a-half-month rental agreement to rent an office and space to storage its electronics products with a monthly base
rental rate of with a incremental rate increase in each year. The commencement date of this lease is beginning on August 15,
2024 and ending on August 31, 2029. 

On July 12, 2024, the Company
entered a -year rental agreement to rent an office building with a monthly base rental rate of with a incremental rate increase
in each year. The commencement date of this lease is beginning on February 1, 2025 and ending on January 31, 2032. 

Business Combination 

At the special meeting of
ACAC stockholders held on August 27, 2024 (the Special Meeting ), ACAC stockholders considered and adopted, among other matters,
the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination and the other proposals related thereto described in this annual report on
Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). 

On September 26, 2024, ACAC
consummated the previously announced Business Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, by and among Purchaser,
ACAC, Merger Sub and Foxx, pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with and into Purchaser (i.e. the Reincorporation Merger ),
and (ii) Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (i.e. the Acquisition
Merger ). 

In
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement: 

Immediately
prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger (the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time ), which was on September
25, 2024, one business day prior to the Closing, (i) each issued and outstanding ACAC unit was automatically separated into one
(1) share of ACAC Class A common stock and one-half (1/2) of ACAC warrant, and (ii) each share of ACAC Class A common stock
held by ACAC stockholders who validly redeemed their shares of ACAC Class A common stock (each ACAC Redeeming Share was
automatically cancelled and ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price. 

At the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time (on September 25, 2024), (i) each share of ACAC Class A or Class B common stock issued and outstanding (other than ACAC Redeeming Shares) was converted automatically into (1) share of the Purchaser s Common Stock, and (ii) each issued and outstanding ACAC warrant was converted automatically into (1) redeemable warrant of Purchaser, exercisable for (1) share of Purchaser s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share (the Warrant ). 

At the Closing (on September 26, 2024), by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and the Business Combination Agreement, and without any action on the part of any party to the Business Combination Agreement or affiliate or security thereof, the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Foxx Foxx Common Stock held by exiting holders of Foxx common stock (the Foxx Stockholders immediately prior to the Closing (including shares of Foxx Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the principal and accrued interest of promissory notes of Foxx issued) were cancelled and automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of shares of Common Stock of New Foxx (the Closing Payment Stock , of which are subject to the Escrow Arrangement), and (ii) the contingent right to receive the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares (as defined below), if, as and when payable in accordance with the earnout provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. 

F- 25 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Following the Closing of the
Business Combination, Purchaser changed its corporate name from Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. to Foxx Development
Holdings Inc. In addition, the Merger Sub changed its name to Foxx Development Inc. 

F- 26 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 
 -

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Promissory notes - related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriter s discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares and 
shares at redemption value of and per share as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding (excluding 1,815,384 shares and 3,255,050 shares subject to possible redemption as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 27 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
COSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

For the 
 three months 
 For the 
 three months 
 For the 
six months 
 For the 
 six months 

ended 
 ended 
 ended 
 ended 

June 30, 
 2024 
 June 30, 
 2023 
 June 30, 
 2024 
 June 30, 
 2023 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 28 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Reduction of deferred underwriter s discount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Excise tax accrual 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Excise tax accrual 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2023 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 29 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

For the six months 
 For the six months 

ended 
 ended 

June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Deferred taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in trust account 
 
 -

Sale of investment held in trust account 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory notes to related party 

Redemption of Class A Common Stock 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Non-cash Financing Activities: 

Reduction of deferred underwriter s discount 
 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax accrual on redemption of Class A common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 30 

ACRI
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

JUNE
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units (the Units (including Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option).
Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, par value per share (the Public Shares ), and one-half
of redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share
of Class A common stock (the Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Units were sold at an
offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of on June 14, 2022. 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the sale of private placement warrants (the Private
Warrants , together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Company s sponsor, Acri Capital Sponsor
LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .
The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination except to permitted transferees. 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Following the closing
of IPO, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. 

The
Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

F- 31 

per Unit) from the proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Warrants, was held into
a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account with Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee. The funds
held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of days
or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest solely in direct U.S. government treasury, so that the Company are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay
the Company s tax obligation, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants that are deposited and held in the
Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of the initial Business
Combination, (b) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the IPO properly submitted in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend then current amended and restated Company s certificate of incorporation (i) to
modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem
 of the Company s Public Shares if it does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as
defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity and (c) the redemption of of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete the Business Combination
within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims
of the Company s creditors which could have higher priority than the claims of the Company s public stockholders. If the
Company anticipate that it may not be able to consummate its initial Business Combination by March 14, 2023 (within nine (9) months
from the consummation of the IPO), it may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to nine (9) times by an additional
one month each time for a total of up to 9 months, affording the Company up to December 14, 2023 (up to eighteen (18) months from
the consummation of the IPO) to complete its initial Business Combination. Public stockholders will not be offered the opportunity to
vote on or redeem their shares if the Company chooses to make any such paid extension. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association
acting as trustee, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must
deposit into the Trust Account for each month extension per share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline.
Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. If the Company complete its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account. In addition, such extension funding loans may be convertible into Private
Warrants upon the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at per warrant at the option of the lender. 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting,
the stockholders of the Company approved the proposal to amend Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation Charter to amend the amount of monthly deposit (each, a Monthly Extension Payment required to be deposited
in the trust account (the Trust Account from for each public share to for each public share for up to
nine (9) times if the Company has not consummated its initial Business Combination by March 14, 2023 (the nine (9) month
anniversary of the closing of its initial public offering) (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). Upon the stockholders 
approval, on February 9, 2023, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing. 

In
connection with the votes to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, shares of Class A common stock of the Company were redeemed
at per share in March 2023. 

Following
the Special Meeting, the Sponsor deposited four monthly payments into the Trust Account to extend the Business Combination deadline to
July 14, 2023 of for a total of . In connection with each of the Monthly Extension Payment, the Company issued
an unsecured promissory note of (the Note to its Sponsor. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject
to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii)
the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder
of the Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants
(the Warrants of the Company, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-263477) (the Prospectus ),
by providing the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of
the Company s initial Business Combination. The number of Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion
shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) . 

On
July 11 2023, the Company held another special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting II ), at which the stockholders
of the Company approved, among others, the proposal to amend the Charter to allow the Company until July 14, 2023 to consummate
an initial Business Combination, and, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend Business Combination deadline on a monthly
basis for up to nine (9) times, up to April 14, 2024, by depositing into the Trust Account. Upon the stockholders 
approval, on July 12, 2023, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing (the Charter
upon the amendment, the Second Amended Charter ). In connection with the Special Meeting II, shares of Class A common
stock of the Company were redeemed and cancelled. 

F- 32 

each month into the Trust Account to extend the Business Combination deadline to April 14, 2024. 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting III ), at which the stockholders
of the Company approved, among other things, the proposal to amend the then-effective Company Charter to allow the Company until April
14, 2024 to consummate the Business Combination, and, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the deadline to complete a
Business Combination (the Combination Deadline on a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times, up to January 14, 2025,
by depositing the lesser of (i) and (ii) for each public share into the Trust Account. Upon the stockholders 
approval, on April 10, 2024, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing (the Charter
upon the amendment, the Third Amended Charter ). In connection with the Special Meeting III, shares of Class A
common stock of the Company were redeemed and cancelled. 

Pursuant to the Third Amended Charter, the Company
may extend the Combination Deadline on a monthly basis from April 14, 2024 for up to nine times, up to January 14, 2025, by depositing
 each month into the Trust Account. Following the Special Meeting III, the Sponsor deposited four monthly payments, and Foxx (as
defined below) deposited one monthly payment, into the Trust Account to extend the Combination Deadline to September 14, 2024. The five
monthly payments were evidenced by four promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor and one promissory note issued by the Company
to Foxx, each in the principal amount of . As of June 30, the Sponsor deposited three monthly payments into the Trust Account
to extend the Business Combination deadline to July 14, 2024 of for a total of . 

 On
February 18, 2024, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (as amended from time to time, the BCA ), by
and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas corporation Foxx ), where, pursuant
to the agreement: (a) the Company will merge with and into PubCo, with PubCo as the surviving entity (the Reincorporation Merger 
(b) Foxx will merge with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo (the Acquisition
Merger ). 

On
May 31, 2024, ACAC, PubCo, Merger Sub, and Foxx entered into an amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the BCA Amendment ).
Pursuant to the BCA Amendment, ACAC, PubCo, Merger Sub, and Foxx agreed to revise the lock-up provision, which shall now provide that,
each Pre-Closing Company Stockholder (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) who holds more than of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Foxx Foxx Common Stock immediately prior to closing of the Business Combination (the Closing except the Pre-Closing Company Stockholders who hold Foxx Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of certain convertible notes of Foxx,
the Sponsor, and affiliates of the foregoing, will, subject to certain customary exceptions, agree not to sell any share of common stock
of the PubCo PubCo Common Stock held by them until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the Closing,
or (B) the date on which the last reported sale price of the PubCo Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing after the Closing, or earlier, in any case, if subsequent to the Closing, the PubCo completes a subsequent liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of ACAC s stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Total
outstanding notes related to extension amounted to as of June 30, 2024. 

The
shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the
completion of the IPO, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will consummate a
Business Combination and, solely if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. The Company may elect to extend Business Combination deadline on a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times, up to January
14, 2025, by depositing into the Trust Account each time (the Combination Period ). 

If
the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s
taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 33 

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold
if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. If the Company submits it initial Business
Combination to its stockholders for a vote, the Company will complete its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding
shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial Business Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares
in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the
redemption of Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act (as defined in Note 2).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

However,
the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether
the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities
of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the officers
or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of (excluding income taxes payable which are
to be paid from Trust). The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly
traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with
the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s
plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the working capital loans (see Note 6). 

In addition, under the Company s
Second Amended Charter provides that the Company will need to complete initial Business Combination by July 14, 2023, which may be
extended up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time until April 14, 2024. On April 9, 2024, the Company
held a special meeting of stockholders, at which the stockholders of the Company approved, among others, the proposal to amend the
Amended and Restated Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, as amended on July 12, 2023 and April
10, 2024, by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee, to extend the liquidation
date from July 14, 2023 to April 14, 2024, and further extended by up to nine (9) one-month extensions, up to
January 14, 2025. As of the date of the report, the Company has extended to September 14, 2024 by depositing five extension payments.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company may seek approval from its
stockholders holding no less than or more of the votes to approve to extend the completion period. If the Company fails to
obtain approval from the stockholders for such extension or the Company does not seek such extension, the Company will cease all
operations. 

There
is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period
and that the Company will obtain enough votes to extend the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional
condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statement
does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 34 

and cash in bank as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

F- 35 

and of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market
funds, which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury securities. 

F- 36 

per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and
adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or
accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and
charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

F- 37 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

F- 38 

million was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

excise tax on any domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise
Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. 

of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of
calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry
out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in
connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the
Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number
of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension
or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances
in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same
taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because
the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax
have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and
in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 39 

shares of Class
A common stock redeemed in February 2023 and July 2023, the Company accrued the excise tax in the amount of as a reduction
of equity. There have been no additional shares issued in 2023 to offset the liability. The Company also accrued excise tax on May
2024 redemption in the amount of for shares of Class A common stock redeemed which may use to offset any additional
shares issued during its initial Business Combination within the same taxable year. 

interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up
to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

and in money
market funds which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. Interest income for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted
to and , respectively. Interest income for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to 
and , respectively. 

Units including Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option.
Each Unit has an offering price of and consists of one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and one-half of
one redeemable Public Warrants. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the Public Warrants must be exercised in multiples
of two. Each whole redeemable Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share Class A Common Stock at a price of
 per full share. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 40 

Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption
of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with
certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable
equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require
common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company s redeemable common stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has
been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either
accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the
instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend
(i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Warrants to the Sponsor
at a purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Private Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in this IPO except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination except to permitted transferees. 

Class B common stock Founder Shares of for an aggregate purchase
price of , or approximately per share. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Founder Shares issued
and outstanding. 

The
number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent of the number of
Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO. 

F- 41 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination, any permitted transferees
will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s founders with respect to any Founder Shares. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
January 20, 2022, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This
loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) January 20, 2023 or (2) the date on which the
Company consummates its IPO of its securities. The Company has an outstanding loan balance of on June 14, 2022 after the IPO
and the outstanding balance was repaid on June 21, 2022. 

In connection with the Monthly Extension Payment
discussed in Note 1, the Company issued four unsecured promissory notes of , nine unsecured promissory notes of , and
three unsecured promissory notes of to its Sponsor. The notes are non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against
trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation
of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Note has the right,
but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into Warrants, as described in the Prospectus, by providing
the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination. The number of Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount
determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) . Total extension notes amounted
to and as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

On December 5, 2023, the Sponsor has agreed to
loan the Company up to to be used as working capital of the Company. On June 11, 2024, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company
up to to be used as working capital of the Company. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier
of (1) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or merger with a qualified target company or (2) the date of liquidation
of the Company and have the same conversion features as the extension notes mentioned above. The Company has an outstanding loan balance
of and as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Balance
of Promissory Notes related party amounted to and on June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

F- 42 

of such loans may be converted
upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination into Warrants at a price of per warrant. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available.
Such Private Warrant converted from loan would be identical to the Private Warrants sold in the private placement. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

Administrative
Services Fees 

The
Company has agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Prospectus, to pay the Sponsor the monthly fee of an aggregate of 
for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. This arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) completion
of a Business Combination or (b) twelve months after the completion of the IPO. Administrative service fee expenses for the
three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to nil and , respectively. Administrative service fee expenses for the six
months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to nil and , respectively. Accrued services fees amounted to nil and as of
June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Units in the IPO. 

The
Company paid an underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or to the underwriters at the closing of the
IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or until the
closing of the Business Combination. 

On
February 23, 2024, the Company entered into certain Amendment (the UA Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement,
dated June 9, 2022 with the underwriters. Pursuant to the terms of the UA Amendment, the underwriters and the Company have agreed to
amend the Underwriting Agreement to replace the existing deferred underwriting fee under the Underwriting Agreement from payable
in cash at the closing of a Business Combination, to (x) payable in cash and (y) shares of common stock of PubCo. to
be issued, at the closing of the Business Combination. Deferred underwriting fee was reduced by . As of June 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, deferred underwriting fee was and , respectively. 

F- 43 

of the
economics for a two-handed deal and thirty-five percent of the economics for a three-handed deal for any and all future public
and private equity and debt offerings during such period by the Company or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company. It is understood
that if, during the twelve (12) month period following the consummation of a successful financing, a third party broker-dealer provides
the Company with written terms with respect to a future securities offering Written Offering Terms that the Company desires
to accept, the Company shall promptly present the Written Offering Terms to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments LLC EF
Hutton ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO. EF Hutton shall have five (5) business days from its receipt
of the Written Offering Terms in which to determine whether or not to accept such offer and, if EF Hutton declines such offer or fail
to respond within such five (5) day period, then the Company shall have the right to proceed with such financing with another placement
agent or underwriter upon the same terms and conditions as the Written Offering Terms. 

shares of preferred stock, par value, with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of June
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value
of per share. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding,
excluding and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class B
Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value
of per share. As of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had shares of Class B common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
the Company s stockholders, except as required by law. 

The
Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of the Class A common stock at the time of the Business Combination,
or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution
right. 

Warrants On
June 14, 2022, the Company issued Public Warrants in connection with the IPO. Substantially concurrently with the closing of
the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of Private Warrants to the Company s Sponsor. 

Each
whole Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of 
per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO
or the date of the completion of the Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement (the warrant agreement signed
on June 9, 2022 between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, the warrant agent of the Company, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants
only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time by
a warrant holder. No fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants
will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the Business Combination,
it will use its reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following the Business Combination to have declared
effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement,
and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 44 

per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s founders or their affiliates, without taking into account any
founders shares held by the Company s founders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average reported trading price of Class A Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days starting on the trading day prior
to the date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Fair Market Value is below per share, the
exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Fair Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to of the higher of the Fair Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
Company may call the Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per Warrant: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The
Company accounted for the Public Warrants issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The
Company accounted for the Public Warrants as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The
Company estimates that the fair value of the warrants is approximately million, or per Unit, using the Monte
Carlo Model. The fair value of the Public Warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected
volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of years, (4) exercise price of and
(5) stock price of . 

As
of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Warrants were outstanding. 

and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the six months ended June 30, 2024
and 2023 were and , respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the federal and state statutory tax rate
of primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and nondeductible transaction costs. 

(the
 July Monthly Extension Payment was deposited into the trust account of the Company for the public shareholders, which
enabled the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from July 14, 2024
to August 14, 2024. The Extension is the fourth of the nine one-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. 

In connection with the July Monthly Extension
Payment, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of to its Sponsor. 

 On August 12, 2024, an aggregate of (the
 August Monthly Extension Payment was deposited into the trust account of the Company for the public shareholders, which
enabled the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by one month from August 14, 2024
to September 14, 2024. The Extension is the fifth of the nine one-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. 

In connection with the August
Monthly Extension Payment, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of to Foxx (the Foxx Note ). The Foxx
Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s
initial business combination, and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at
the election of the Company. The Foxx Note is not convertible into any securities of the Company. 

F- 45 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2023 and
the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2023 and period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31,
2022 in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going
Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the
Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its
obligations and sustain its operations. In addition, if the Company does not consummate an initial business combination by April 14,
2024, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

March 22, 2024 

F- 46 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Promissory notes related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriter s discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding (excluding 3,255,050 shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022) 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 47 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the Period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 48 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax accrual 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance as of January 7, 2022 (inception) 

Founder shares issued to initial stockholder 

Sale of public units through public offering 

Sale of private placement warrants 

Underwriters discount 

Other offering expenses 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 49 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2023 
 For the Period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Deferred taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in trust account 

Sale of investment held in trust account 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares 

Proceeds from promissory notes to related party 

Repayment of promissory notes to related party 

Proceeds from public offering 

Proceeds from private placement 

Payment of underwriter discount 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Redemption of Class A Common Stock 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred underwriters marketing fees 

Change in value of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax accrual 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 50 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

units
(the Units (including Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option). Each
Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, par value per share (the Public Shares ), and one-half of
 redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of Class A
common stock (the Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. The Units were sold at an offering
price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of on June 14, 2022. 

Substantially concurrently
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the sale of private placement warrants (the Private Warrants ,
together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Company s sponsor, Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private
Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination
except to permitted transferees. 

Transaction costs amounted
to , consisting of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. Following the closing of IPO, cash
of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. 

The Company s initial
Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least of
the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

F- 51 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operation (cont.) 

per Unit) from the proceeds of the sale of the Units and the Private Warrants, was held into a U.S.-based trust
account (the Trust Account with Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee. The funds held in the Trust
Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of days
or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
which invest solely in direct U.S. government treasury, so that the Company are not deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay the Company s tax obligation, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Warrants that are deposited and held
in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (a) the completion of the initial
Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the IPO properly
submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend then current amended and restated Company s certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or
to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if it does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
(as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity and (c) the redemption of of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete the Business
Combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject
to the claims of the Company s creditors which could have higher priority than the claims of the Company s public stockholders.
If the Company anticipate that it may not be able to consummate its initial Business Combination by March 14, 2023 (within nine (9) months
from the consummation of the IPO), it may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to nine (9) times by
an additional one month each time for a total of up to 9 months, affording the Company up to December 14, 2023 (up to eighteen
(18) months from the consummation of the IPO) to complete its initial Business Combination. Public stockholders will not be offered
the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares if the Company chooses to make any such paid extension. Pursuant to the terms of the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Wilmington
Trust, National Association acting as trustee, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to
the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account for each month extension per share), on or prior to the
date of the applicable deadline. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. If the Company complete its initial Business Combination,
the Company would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account. In addition, such extension funding loans may be
convertible into Private Warrants upon the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at per warrant at the option
of the lender. 

On February 8, 2023, the
Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholders of the Company
approved the proposal to amend Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation Charter to amend
the amount of monthly deposit (each, a Monthly Extension Payment required to be deposited in the trust account (the Trust
Account from for each public share to for each public share for up to nine (9) times if the Company has not
consummated its initial business combination by March 14, 2023 (the nine (9) month anniversary of the closing of its initial
public offering) (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). Upon the stockholders approval, on February 9, 2023, the
Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing. 

In connection with the votes
to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, shares of Class A common stock of the Company were redeemed at 
per share in March 2023. 

Following the Special Meeting,
the Sponsor deposited four monthly payments to the Trust Account to extend the Business Combination deadline to July 14, 2023 of
 for a total of . In connection with each of the Monthly Extension Payment, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note of (the Note to its Sponsor. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to
the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (ii) the
date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of
the Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants
(the Warrants of the Company, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-263477), by providing
the Company with written notice of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s
initial business combination. The number of Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount
determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) . 

F- 52 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operation (cont.) 

to the Trust Account. Upon the stockholders approval, on July 12,
2023, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Charter which became effective upon filing (the Charter upon the amendment,
the Second Amended Charter ). In connection with the Special Meeting II, shares of Class A common
stock of the Company were redeemed and cancelled. 

In connection with the Special
Meeting II, the stockholders also approved the proposal to amend the Charter to remove the restriction of Company to undertake an
initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong
and Macau). 

Pursuant to the Second Amended
Charter, the Company may extend the Business Combination deadline on monthly basis from July 14, 2023 to up to nine times by depositing
 each month into the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2023, the Sponsor deposited six monthly payments to the Trust Account
to extend the Business Combination deadline to January 14, 2023 of for a total of . 

Total outstanding notes related
to extension amounted to as of December 31, 2023. 

The shares of Class A
common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the
IPO, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will consummate a Business Combination
and, solely if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the
Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
The Company may elect to extend Business Combination deadline on a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times, up to April 14, 2024,
by depositing to the Trust Account each time (the Combination Period ). 

If the Company is unable to
complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes (less
up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 53 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 1 Organization and Business
Operation (cont.) 

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company
does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period. If the Company submits it initial Business Combination to its stockholders for a vote, the Company will
complete its initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of
the initial Business Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net
tangible assets to be less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of Public Shares and the
related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

The Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of
any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act (as defined in Note 2). Moreover, in the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

However, the Company has not
asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the officers or directors will
indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2023,
the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of (excluding income taxes payable which are to be paid from
Trust). The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company
and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this
uncertainty is through the working capital loans (see Note 6). 

In addition, under the Company s
Second Amended Charter provides that the Company will need to complete initial Business Combination by July 14, 2023, which may be
extended up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time until April 14, 2024. If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company may seek approval from its stockholders holding no less than or
more of the votes to approve to extend the completion period, If the Company fails to obtain approval from the stockholders for such extension
or the Company does not seek such extension, the Company will cease all operations. 

There is no assurance that
the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period and that the Company will
obtain enough votes to extend the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statement does not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 54 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

and cash
in bank as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

and of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds,
which are invested in short term U.S. Treasury securities. 

F- 55 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

F- 56 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and
adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or
accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO
and charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

F- 57 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

million was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

F- 58 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

excise tax on any domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The
Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. 

of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock
repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business
Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to
the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the
fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the
structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection
with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year
of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise
tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not
been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s
ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 59 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 2 Significant accounting
policies (cont.) 

shares
of Class A common stock redeemed in February 2023 and July, 2023, the Company accrued the excise tax in the amount of 
as a reduction of equity as the Company is uncertain about the structure of business combination and whether additional shares will be
issued within the same taxable year. 

and in money market funds
which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the period from January 7,
2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 amounted to and , respectively. 

Units including Units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option. Each
Unit has an offering price of and consists of one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and one-half of one
redeemable Public Warrants. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the Public Warrants must be exercised in multiples
of two. Each whole redeemable Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share Class A Common Stock at a price of
 per full share. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

All of the Public
Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if
there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which
has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

F- 60 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 4 Initial Public
Offering (cont.) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Private Warrants are identical to the Public
Warrants included in the Units sold in this IPO except that the Private Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the
initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees. 

Class B common stock Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately
 per share. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

The number of Founder Shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent of the number of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO. 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the Public Shares. However, the founders have agreed (A) to vote their Founder Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination,
(B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated to an initial Business Combination, an amendment to the Company s
certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s redemption obligation to redeem all Public
Shares if the Company cannot complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, unless the Company provides public
stockholders an opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C) not to redeem any shares, including
Founder Shares and Public Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
the Company s proposed initial Business Combination or sell any shares to us in any tender offer in connection with the Company s
proposed initial Business Combination, and (D) that the Founder Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon
winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. 

F- 61 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 6 Related Party
Transactions (cont.) 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination, any permitted transferees will be subject to
the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s founders with respect to any Founder Shares. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On January 20, 2022, the
Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) January 20, 2023 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates its IPO of
its securities. The Company has an outstanding loan balance of on June 14, 2022 after the IPO and the outstanding balance
was repaid on June 21, 2022. 

In connection with the Monthly
Extension Payment discussed in Note 1, the Company issued four unsecured promissory notes of and six unsecured promissory
notes of to its Sponsor. The notes are non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions)
on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation
of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Note has the right,
but not the obligation, to convert the Note, in whole or in part, respectively, into private placement warrants (the Warrants of the Company, as described in the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-263477), by providing the Company with written notice
of its intention to convert the Note at least two business days prior to the closing of the Company s initial business combination.
The number of Warrants to be received by the holder in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the
sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to the holder, by (y) . Total extension notes amounted to for the
year ended December 31, 2023. 

On December 5, 2023, the
Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used as working capital of the Company. This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) the date on which the Company consummates a business combination or merger with a qualified
target company or (2) the date of liquidation of the Company and have the same conversion features as the extension notes mentioned
above. The Company has an outstanding loan balance of as of December 31, 2023. 

Balance of Promissory Notes related
party amounted to ,747and nil on December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company
completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the Company s
Business Combination into Warrants at a price of per warrant. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the
loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the Trust Account, and only to the extent available. Such Private Warrant converted from
loan would be identical to the Private Warrants sold in the private placement. 

F- 62 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 6 Related Party
Transactions (cont.) 

for office space, administrative
and shared personnel support services. This arrangement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) completion of a Business Combination
or (b) twelve months after the completion of the IPO. Administrative service fee expenses for the year ended December 31,
2023 and the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 amounted to and , respectively.
Accrued services fees amounted to and nil as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Units in the IPO. 

The Company paid an underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or to the underwriters at the closing of
the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or until
the closing of the Business Combination. 

Right of First Refusal 

For a period of twelve (12) months
from the closing of a Business Combination the Company shall give underwriter a right of first refusal to act as lead left bookrunner
and lead left manager and/or lead left placement agent with at least seventy-five percent of the economics for a two-handed deal
and thirty-five percent of the economics for a three-handed deal for any and all future public and private equity and
debt offerings during such period by the Company or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company. It is understood that if, during
the twelve (12) month period following the consummation of a successful financing, a third party broker-dealer provides the
Company with written terms with respect to a future securities offering Written Offering Terms that the Company desires
to accept, the Company shall promptly present the Written Offering Terms to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments LLC EF
Hutton ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO. EF Hutton shall have five (5) business days from its
receipt of the Written Offering Terms in which to determine whether or not to accept such offer and, if EF Hutton declines such offer
or fail to respond within such five (5) day period, then the Company shall have the right to proceed with such financing with another
placement agent or underwriter upon the same terms and conditions as the Written Offering Terms. 

F- 63 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

shares of preferred stock, par value, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31,
2022, there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2023 and December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding and shares
of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s
stockholders, except as required by law. 

The Class B common stock
will automatically convert into shares of the Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination, or at any time
prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution right. 

Warrants On
June 14, 2022, the Company issued Public Warrants in connection with the IPO. Substantially concurrently with the
closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of Private Warrants to the Company s Sponsor. 

Each whole Warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one whole share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or the date of the
completion of the initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement (the warrant agreement signed on June 9,
2022 between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, the warrant agent of the Company, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for
a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants will
expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
it will use its reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following its initial Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 64 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 8 Stockholders 
Deficit (cont.) 

per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by
the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s founders or their affiliates, without
taking into account any founders shares held by the Company s founders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial
Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average reported trading price of Class A Common Stock
for the twenty (20) trading days starting on the trading day prior to the date of the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Fair Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to of the higher of the Fair Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price
described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Fair Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price. 

The Company may call the Warrants
for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per Warrant: 

in whole and not in part; 

upon not less than prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A
common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the
notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company accounted for the Public
Warrants issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 
and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company accounted for the Public
Warrants as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates that the fair value
of the warrants is approximately million, or per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The fair value of
the Public Warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free interest
rate of , (3) expected life of years, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price of
 . 

As of December 31, 2023
and December 31, 2022, Warrants were outstanding. 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 65 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 9 Income Taxes (cont.) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent difference 

Effective tax rate 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Accrued interest income 

Deferred tax liability, net 

In assessing the realization
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the
deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

As of December 31, 2023
and December 31, 2022, the Company s deferred tax asset had a full valuation allowance recorded against it. The effective tax
rate for the year ended December 31, 2023 and for the period from January 7, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022
were and , respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the federal and state statutory tax rate of primarily due
to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

were deposited into the Trust Account for the public shareholders, which enabled
the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination to April 14, 2024 which are the seventh,
eighth, and ninth of the nine one-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. 

In connection with the extension
payments, the Company issued three unsecured promissory notes of each to its Sponsor. 

F- 66 

ACRI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Note 10 Subsequent Events 
(cont.) 

payable in cash at the closing of a business combination, to (x) payable
in cash and (y) shares of common stock of PubCo. to be issued, at the closing of the Acquisition Merger. 

F- 67 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our current chief executive officer and our chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation,
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to the identified material weakness described below. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

64 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting at June 30, 2024. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria,
management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024 due to the material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize, and
report financial data, which includes: 

- lack of sufficient segregation of duties due to limited resources; 

- lack of adequate design of controls and proper documentation needed in order to demonstrate that controls
in place are operating effectively for significant transaction classes; 

- inability to prepare complete and accurate financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principle GAAP) in a timely manner; 

- inefficient oversight of those charged with governance with respect to complete and accurate finance reporting; 

- lack of appropriate controls surrounding authorized signor access for bank accounts; and 

- inappropriate implementation of controls over the identification of related party transactions. 

Following the identification
of the material weakness, we plan to take remedial measures including: 

- hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications
to strengthen the financial reporting function and to set up a financial and system control framework; 

- implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for
our accounting and financial reporting personnel; and 

- establishing internal audit function by engaging an external consulting firm to assist us with assessment
of Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance requirements and improvement of overall internal control. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

65 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth
information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officer 

Greg Foley 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Joy Yi Hua 
 
 49 
 
 Chairwoman, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 Haitao Cui 
 
 46 
 
 Executive Vice President and Director 
 
 James Liao 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Board of Directors 

Joy Yi Hua 
 
 49 
 
 Chairwoman and Director 
 
 Haitao Cui 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Eva Yiqing Miao 
 
 38 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Edmund R. Miller 
 
 67 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Jeff Feng Jiang 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 

Executive Officers 

Mr. Greg Foley currently
serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Foley also serves as the Executive Vice President of Business Development of our
Operating Subsidiary, a position he has held since September 2024. Mr. Foley joined Foxx, the predecessor of our Operating Subsidiary
in April 2024 as the Chief Executive Officer of Foxx. Mr. Foley has over 25 years of experience in leading the sales and marketing
efforts to drive enterprise and channel growth in high-growth markets in electronic devices, SaaS, IoT, 5G Fixed Wireless, AI, and
cloud development. Prior to joining Foxx, Mr. Foley served as Director of Global Business Development, Partnerships, Strategies and
Alliances at Inseego (Nasdaq: INSG), a company that engages in the design and development of fixed and mobile wireless solutions, industrial
Internet of Things (IIoT), and cloud solutions. Between 2018 and 2020, Mr. Foley served as Vice President of Sales and Product Development
at NetComm Wireless. Earlier in his career, Mr. Foley took executive roles at various telecommunication and technology companies
such as SpareOne, HTC, Samsung, and Nokia. Mr. Foley received his BBA in Finance from Georgia State University in 1997. 

Ms. Joy 
Yi Hua has served as Chief Financial Officer and Chairwoman of the board of directors since September 2024. She also serves as
the Chief Financial Officer of our Operating Subsidiary, a position she has held since September 2024. Previously, Ms. Hua serves as Chairwoman,
CEO, and CFO of ACAC from its inception until its business combination with Foxx in September 2022. Ms. Hua has over 18 years of experience
in investment management, hedge fund, private equity and real estate investment around the world. Ms. Hua has over 18 years of experience
in investment management, hedge fund, private equity and real estate investment around the world. Since March 2023, Ms. Hua has served
as the CEO of Bit Bay Technology Corporation, a US data center investment and management company. She has also served as Managing Director
of Serene View Capital LLC, an investment management and consulting firm, since June 2016. Previously, in June 2018, Ms. Hua founded Cohere
Education LLC, an online education start-up engaged in the distribution of STEAM curriculum and programs to K-12 and college
students in the U.S. and China. Before that, Ms. Hua co-founded and served as the Chief Operating Officer for MeshImpact LLC, a consulting
firm focused on data analytics and machine learning solutions, between July 2016 and December 2018. Earlier in her career, Ms. Hua worked
for CornerStone Parnters LLC for 8 years from 2008 to 2016 where she managed private equity and real assets portfolios of over 3 billion
US dollars for 12 non-profit clients. Ms. Hua started her investment career at UVIMCO, the organization that manages the University
of Virginia s 14.5 billion endowment, from 2004 to 2008. Ms. Hua received her MBA from the University of Texas at Austin in
2003, and a B.A. in Economics from Shanghai University of Finance Economics in 1997. She has been a CFA charter holder since 2004. 

Mr. Haitao
Cui has served as our Executive Vice President and a member of our board of directors since September 2024. He also serves
as the Chief Executive Officer of our Operating Subsidiary, a position he has held since September 2024. Mr. Cui joined our
Operating Subsidiary in August 2018, serving as its Chief Executive Officer until April 2024 before stepping into the role of
Executive Vice President of Sales in our Operating Subsidiary from April 2024 to September 2024. Mr. Cui brought to Foxx with
over 10 years of executive and managerial experience in directing, managing, and overseeing key corporate relations and regional
sales development for consumer electronic products. Mr. Cui received a Bachelor s Degree in Electrical and Engineering
Automation from Xi an Jiaotong University, China, in 2000. 

66 

Mr. James Liao has
served as our Chief Technology Officer since September 2024. He is also the Chief Technology Officer of our Operating Subsidiary. Previously,
Mr. Liao served as Chief Technology Officer of Foxx, a position he has held from August 2023 until September 2024. Before joining
Foxx, from 2018 until August 2023, Mr. Liao worked as a Senior Manager, Product Strategy and Innovation, at Charter Communications
(Nasdaq: CHTR), a major U.S. telecommunication company. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Liao worked as Director of Product Management and
Director of Technology Management at LEECO, a consumer technology company. Before that, from 2003 to 2016, Mr. Liao spent over a
decade at the US offices of Nokia Corporation, the Finnish multinational electronics and telecommunication conglomerate, rising through
rank from Architect, Product Requirements Manager, Software Development Group Manager, Product Program Manager, to Senior Product Manager.
In addition to his experience at established telecommunication and consumer electronics businesses, Mr. Liao also has various additional
relevant experience working as software engineer for Negecell and Dotcast Inc., two telecommunication startup companies. Mr. Liao
received a certificate in Innovation and Entrepreneurship from Harvard University in 2021, a certificate in Artificial Intelligence, Strategic
Management from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2021, and a certificate in Machine Learning, Robotics from Stanford University
in 2020. Mr. Liao received a Master of Electrical Engineering degree from the University of Texas in 1995 and a Bachelor s
degree in Electrical Engineering from Tsinghua University in 1989. 

Independent Directors 

Ms. Eva Yiqing
Miao has served as our independent director since September 2024. Since June 2022, Ms. Miao has served as the Chief Financial
Officer and Head of Operations at Torus Biosystems, a Massachusetts based biotech company. From November 2020 to June 2022,
Ms. Miao worked as a Vice President of Finance at Proven Skincare, a provider of consumer skincare products. From September 2018
to November 2020, Ms. Miao worked as the Chief of Staff to the CEO and Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Development at Genuity
Science, a geonomics analytics company. From 2016 to 2018, Ms. Miao worked as an associate in technology investment banking at Morgan
Partners, a investment bank focused on the fin-tech sector. From 2015 to 2016, Ms. Miao worked as an associate in healthcare investment
banking at Jefferies Group, a major US investment bank. Prior to working in the US, Ms. Miao also had experiences working in China. From
2008 to 2013, Ms. Miao worked as an assistant manager in audit and transaction service at PwC, one of the Big-Four accounting
firms, at its Shanghai office. Ms. Miao received a MBA from University of Virginia Darden School of Business in 2015 and a Bachelor s
degree in Economics from Shanghai University of International Business and Economics in 2008. 

Mr. Edmund R. Miller has
served as our independent director since September 2024. Previously, Mr. Miller has served as the independent director of ACAC from
June 2022 until its business combination with Foxx. Mr. Miller has extensive experience in private equity investment and fundraising,
and in the Telecommunication, Media, Technology (TMT) sector. Mr. Miller is a Senior Managing Director of Pan American
Finance, LLC, an investment advisory firm where he has held this position since 2012. From 2002 to 2011, he was the Managing Director
at Parmenter Realty Partners, a real estate investment firm, where he was in charge of all aspects of documenting and raising their second,
third, and fourth institutional funds. Earlier in his career, from 1984 to 1996, Mr. Miller was co-manager of the largest Caribbean
Basin and Latin American coverage team for Goldman Sachs, based in Miami. From 1996 to 1999, he managed a high yield fund for a large
Latin American bank, managed a hedge fund, and was a founder and led the initial investment round in Answerthink (now known as The Hackett
Group, NASDAQ: HCKT), an information technology consulting company. Mr. Miller was the co-founder of Interprise Technology
Partners, a 110 million technology venture fund which made seven lead investments between 1999 and 2002. Prior to joining Goldman
Sachs in 1984, Mr. Miller worked for Price Waterhouse in New York City in international tax for 4 years. He is a graduate
of the University of Florida Warrington College of Business and the Levin College of Law. Mr. Miller was previously certified as
a CPA and was a member of the New York State Bar. 

Mr. Jeff 
Feng Jiang has served as our independent director since September 2024. Since 2014, Mr. Jiang works at Mediatek Inc., a
semiconductor company in San Diego, CA, where he served as the director of Corporate Sales and Business Development from 2015 to present,
and as deputy director of product marketing from 2014 to 2015. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Jiang worked as a product line director at
Broadcom Corporation, a multinational semiconductor supplier. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Jiang worked as a senior product manager at
Qualcomm Inc., a major semiconductor developer and manufacturer. From 2000 to 2006, Mr. Jiang worked as a product line manager and
a system engineer at Microsemi Corporation, a semiconductor company. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Jiang worked as a sound system engineer
at Alpine Electronics of America, Inc., an electronic component manufacturer. Prior to working in the US, Mr. Jiang also worked in
Japan from 1992 to 1997 as a system engineer for Takahashi Curtain Wall Corporation, a concrete manufacturing company. Mr. Jiang
received a Master s degree in Science in Electrical Engineering in 1989 and a Bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering
in 1986, from Tsinghua University, China. 

67 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in
the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that determined
that each of Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang qualifies as independent as defined under the applicable Nasdaq
rules, and the Board of Directors consist of a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the SEC
and Nasdaq relating to director independence requirements. In addition, we are subject to the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq relating to
the membership, qualifications and operations of the audit committee, as discussed below. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Committees of the Board 

The Board of Directors direct
the management of our business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conduct its business through meetings of the Board and its
standing committees. We have a standing audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee, each
of which operates under a written charter. 

In addition, from time to time, special committees may be established
under the direction of the Board when the Board deems it necessary or advisable to address specific issues. Current copies of our committee
charters are posted on our website, as required by applicable SEC and Nasdaq Stock Market rules. The information on or available through
any of such website is not deemed incorporated in this Annual Report and does not form part of this Annual Report. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee consist
of Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang, with Ms. Miao serving as its chair. The Board determines that each of these individuals
satisfies the independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Each member of audit
committee satisfies the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules. In arriving at this determination,
the Board examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of their prior and/or current employment. 

The Board determines that Ms.
Miao qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meets the financial sophistication requirements
of the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. In making this determination, the Board considered Ms. Miao s formal education and previous and
current experience in financial and accounting roles. Both our independent registered public accounting firm and management periodically
meet privately with the our audit committee. 

The audit committee s
responsibilities will include, among other things: 

appointing, compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating
and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing with our independent registered public accounting
firm their independence from management; 

reviewing with our independent registered public accounting
firm the scope and results of their audit; 

68 

pre-approving all audit and permissible non-audit services
to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management
and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that the Company files with the SEC; 

reviewing and monitoring our accounting principles, accounting
policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and 

establishing procedures for the confidential anonymous submission
of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee
consists of Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang, with Mr. Miller as its chair. The Board determines that each of Ms. Miao,
Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang are non-employee directors, as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.
The Board determines that Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang are independent as defined under the applicable Nasdaq
listing standards, including the standards specific to members of a compensation committee. The compensation committee s responsibilities
will include, among other things: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant
to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of these goals
and objectives and setting or making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer; 

reviewing and setting or making recommendations to the Board
regarding the compensation of the other executive officers; 

making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation
of directors; 

reviewing and approving or making recommendations to the
Board regarding incentive compensation and equity-based plans and arrangements; and 

appointing and overseeing any compensation consultants. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee consists of Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang, with Mr. Jiang as its chair. The Board determines
that each of Ms. Miao, Mr. Miller and Mr. Jiang is independent as defined under the applicable listing standards
of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the
Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board; 

recommending to the Board the nominees for election to the
Board at annual meetings of shareholders; 

overseeing an evaluation of the Board and its committees;
and 

developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate
governance guidelines. We believe that the composition and functioning of nominating and corporate governance committee meets the requirements
for independence under the current Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. 

The Board may from time to
time establish such other committees. 

69 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the executive officers
currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity, that
has one or more executive officers who are expected to serve as a member of the Board. 

Related Person Transaction Policy 

We have adopted a written Related
Person Transactions Policy that set forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration and oversight
of related person transactions. Our audit committee approves only those transactions that it determines are fair to us and
in our best interests. 

A Related Person Transaction 
is a transaction, arrangement or relationship in which we or any of our subsidiaries was, is or will be a participant, the amount of which
involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A Related
Person means: 

any person who is, or at any time during the applicable period
was, one of our executive officers or a member of the Board; 

any person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5 of our voting stock; 

any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons,
which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or
sister-in-law of a director, officer or a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our voting stock, and any person (other than a tenant
or employee) sharing the household of such director, executive officer or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our voting stock; and 

any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the
foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10 or greater beneficial ownership
interest. 

We have policies and procedures
designed to minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from any dealings it may have with its affiliates and to provide appropriate
procedures for the disclosure of any real or potential conflicts of interest that may exist from time to time. Specifically, pursuant
to its audit committee charter, the audit committee will have the responsibility to review related person transactions. 

Clawback Policy 

We have adopted a clawback
policy that applies to our executive officers (the Policy to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

The policy gives the Compensation
Committee the discretion to require executive officers to reimburse us for any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (as defined in the Policy)
that was based on financial results that were subsequently restated as a result of that person s misconduct. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
Matters 

The DGCL authorizes corporations
to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their shareholders for monetary damages for breaches of
directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision that eliminates
the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted
by the DGCL as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended from time to time. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the rights
of us and our shareholders, through shareholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply
to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions
or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
permits and the Bylaws obligates us to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any director or officer of us who was or
is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of us
or is or was serving at the request of us as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. We will not be obligated to indemnify a person in connection
with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless the Proceeding (or part thereof) was, or is, authorized by the Board,
and the Board determines to provide the indemnification, or is otherwise required by applicable law. In addition, the Bylaws require that
we, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay, in advance of the final disposition of a Proceeding, expenses (including attorneys 
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by an officer or director in defending any Proceeding, upon receipt of a written request therefor
(together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such amounts
if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under the Bylaws or the DGCL. 

70 

We expect to enter into an
indemnification agreement with each of its directors and executive officers that provides for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted
by Delaware law. 

We believe that these indemnification
and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. The limitation of
liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit
against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative
litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders.
In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors
and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors or executive officers, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against
public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and
greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written
representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during the year ended June 30, 2024, our directors, executive officers,
and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Foxx is an emerging growth
company as such term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act. This section discusses the material elements of compensation awarded
to, earned by or paid to Foxx s principal executive officer and other executive officers (other than our principal executive officer).
Foxx has also included the material elements of compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to other officers of Foxx that may be named
executive officers of the Business Combination. Together, these officers are referred to as our named executive officers 
or NEOs. 

At Closing, the Company has entered into employment agreements with
each of its executive officers, pursuant to which each executive officer is entitled to the following compensation arrangement for each
fiscal year. In addition to the base salary, each executive officer shall receive medical benefits, including medical, vision, dental,
and unemployment plans. In addition, each of the executive officers below is entitled to participate in the Incentive Plan, as determined
by the Board or its designee, as the administrator of the Incentive Plan. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Equity Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Greg Foley Chief Executive Officer; Executive Vice President of Business Development of the Operating Subsidiary 
 275,000 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Haitao Cui Executive Vice President; Chief Executive Officer of the Operating Subsidiary 
 300,000 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Joy Yi Hua Chairwoman and Chief Financial Officer; Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Subsidiary 
 300,000 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 James Liao Chief Technology Officer; Chief Technology Officer of the Operating Subsidiary 
 180,000 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

71 

At Closing, each of the executive
officers entered into an Employee Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, agreeing to certain non-disclosure, non-solicitation
and non-compete obligations, as well as the assignment of all innovations and associated intellectual property rights created, discovered,
conceived or developed in the course of employment with, in reliance upon the confidential information of, or using the resources of the
Company. 

Foxx 

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2024, we did not pay any fees to, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to the named
executive officers. The compensation reported in this summary compensation table below is not necessarily indicative of how we will compensate
our named executive officers in the future. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 
 
 Equity Awards ) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 

Haitao Cui Executive Vice President of Foxx, Former Chief Executive Officer of Foxx 
 
 2023 

300,000 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

300,000 

James Liao Chief Technology Officer of Foxx 
 
 2023 

140,000 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

140,000 

Greg Foley Chief Executive Officer of Foxx 
 
 2023 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Director Compensation 

At Closing, we have entered into offer letter with each of its independent
directors, pursuant to which each independent director is entitled to the receive 100,000 in cash compensation per year, subject to the
review and determination by the Board. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this report by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

72 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

Beneficial Ownership 

Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares 
 of Class 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Greg Foley 

Joy Yi Hua (1) 
 2,156,250 
 29.7 
 
 Haitao Cui 

James Liao 

Eva Yiqing Miao 

Edmund R. Miller 

Jeff Feng Jiang 

All directors and executive officers as a group (seven persons) 
 2,156,250 
 29.7 

5 Beneficial Owner 

Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (1) 
 2,156,250 
 29.7 
 
 BRR Investment Holding Corp. (2) 
 2,312,333 
 31.8 
 
 New Bay Capital Limited (3) 
 700,473 
 9.6 
 
 BR Technologies PTE. Ltd. (4) 
 663,581 
 9.1 

(1) Acri
Capital Sponsor LLC, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Joy Yi Hua, our CFO, is the sole manager and
member of Acri Capital Sponsor LLC. By virtue of this relationship, Ms. Hua may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities
held of record by Acri Capital Sponsor LLC. The address of Acri Capital Sponsor LLC is 13284 Pond Springs Rd, Ste 405, Austin, Texas
78729 

(2) BRR
Investment Holding Corp. is a limited liability company incorporated under laws of U.S. Virgin Islands. Lapistone Trust LLC, the trustee
of Durabilis Trust, owner of BRR Investment Corporation has directed voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of our
Common Stock held by the BRR. The address of BRR Investment Holding Corp. is Royal Palms Professional Building 9053 Estate Thomas, St.
Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, 0802. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13D filed by BRR Investment Holding Corp. and Lapistone
Trust LLC, with the SEC on September 27, 2024. 

(3) New
Bay Capital Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and wholly-owned by New Bay Capital (Cayman) Corporation,
an exempted corporation incorporated under laws of Cayman Island and wholly-owned by Mr. Shi Liu, who has the voting and dispositive
power with respect to the shares owned by this entity. The address of New Bay Capital Limited is Rm. 805, 8/F, Harbour Crystal Center,
No. 100 Granville Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, KL, Hong Kong. 

(4) BR
Technologies Pte. Ltd. is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and wholly-owned by Mr. Baoman Xu, who has the voting
and dispositive power with respect to the shares owned by this entity. The address of BR Technologies Pte. Ltd. is 51 Normanton Park,#24-29
Normanton Park, Singapore 117281. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Unless described below, during the last two fiscal
years, there are no transactions or series of similar transactions to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 

the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Amount due from related party 

Name of Related Party 
 Relationship 
 Nature 
 June 30, 
 2024 
 June 30, 
 2023 
 
 (Azure Horizon LLC Azure 
 Owned by former management and immediate family member of the sole Director of Foxx 
 Paid on behalf fees 
 140 (1) 

(1) 
 As of the date of this report, such balance was repaid by Azure. 

73 

Other payable related
party 

Other payable related
party consists of the following: 

Name of Related Party 
 Relationship 
 Nature 
 June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Azure Horizon LLC 
 Owned by former management and immediate family member of the sole Director of Foxx 
 Consulting fees 
 
 25,000 
 
 Wuhan Haoxun Communication Technology Co. Ltd 
 Controlled by the immediate family member of the executive of the Foxx 
 Research and Development 
 51,168 

Short-term loan related
party 

Shot-term loan related
party consists of the following: 

Name of Related Party 
 Relationship 
 Nature 
 June 30, 
2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Xiaoya Ren 
 Former management and immediate family member of the sole Director of Foxx 
 Loan 
 
 91,235 

Expenses 

Name of Related Party 
 Relationship 
 Nature 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 Wuhan
 Haoxun Communication Technology Co. Ltd (1) 
 Controlled by the immediate family member of the executive of the Foxx 
 Research and Development fees 
 91,168 
 272,080 
 
 Azure Horizon LLC (2) 
 Owned by former management and immediate family member of the sole Director of Foxx 
 Consulting fees 
 324,000 
 25,000 

(1) On September 1, 2022, Foxx entered into an agreement with
Wuhan Haoxun Communication Technology Co., Ltd. Wuhan Haoxun for the research and development of 4G/5G CPE (Customer
Premises Equipment) and Wi-Fi 6 Router products. 

(2) On September 1, 2022, Foxx entered into a consulting agreement
to receive consulting services provided by a consulting company which is owned by the executives of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The following chart sets forth public accounting fees in connection
with services rendered by Marcum for the year ended on June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023. 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 545,320 
 - 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit fees were for professional
services rendered by Marcum for the audit of our annual financial statements, and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year, including in connection with our IPO. Audit-related
fees are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under audit fees. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

On October 23, 2024, by unanimous written consent, the audit committee
approved and ratified all of the foregoing services. 

74 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 The financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 therein. 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) 
 See attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Where such filing is made by incorporation by reference to a previously filed document, such document is identified. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2024, by and among ACAC, Purchaser, Merger Sub, and Foxx (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on February 20, 2024) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2024, by and among ACAC, the Registrant, Merger Sub and Foxx (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 3, 2024) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on July 19, 2024). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between the Registrant and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant
 Assumption Agreement, dated September 25, 2024, between the Registrant and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated January 20, 2022, issued by ACAC to Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed by ACAC with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, among ACAC and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment
 to the Letter Agreement of June 9, 2022, entered between ACAC, Sponsor, and directors of ACAC, dated November 18, 2022
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on November 18, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended 
 Restated Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between ACAC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment
 to the June 9, 2022 Amended Restated Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 12, 2023, between ACAC and
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 by ACAC with the SEC on July 12, 2023). 

75 

10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, among ACAC, certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement between ACAC and Acri Capital Sponsor LLC, dated February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by ACAC with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between ACAC and Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreements, dated June 9, 2022, between ACAC and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, between ACAC and Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on June 14, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Independent Director Offer Letter, dated March 8, 2022, among Sponsor, and certain directors and officers of ACAC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by ACAC with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Working
 Capital Note, dated December 5, 2023, between Acri Capital Sponsor LLC and ACAC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12
 to the Form 10-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on March 22, 2024). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Extension Note, between Acri Capital Sponsor LLC and ACAC ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 10-K filed
 by ACAC with the SEC on March 22, 2024). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Foxx
 Support Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2024, by and among ACAC, and certain Foxx Stockholders (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on February 20, 2024). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Sponsor
 Support Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2024, by and among ACAC, Foxx, and Acri Capital Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by ACAC with the SEC on February 20, 2024). 

10.16 
 
 Promissory
 Note 1 from Foxx to New Bay Capital Limited, dated June 21, 2023, as converted by Conversion Notice, dated February 18, 2024 and
 Interest Conversion Notice, dated September 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 

10.17 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, by and between Foxx and New Bay Capital Limited, dated June 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Promissory
 Note 2 from Foxx to New Bay Capital Limited, dated December 21, 2023, as converted by Conversion Notice, dated February 18, 2024
 and Interest Conversion Notice, dated September 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, by and between Foxx and New Bay Capital Limited, dated December 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment
 to Convertible Note Agreement, dated March 15, 2024, by and between Foxx and New Bay Capital Limited (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Promissory
 Note 3 by Foxx to New Bay Capital Limited, dated March 15, 2024, as converted by Conversion Notice, dated 25, 2024 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, by and between Foxx and New Bay Capital Limited, dated March 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Promissory
 Note by Foxx to BR Technologies Pte. Ltd., dated September 12, 2024, as converted by Conversion Notice, dated September 25, 2024
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 

76 

10.24 
 
 Promissory
 Note by Foxx to Grazyna Plawinski Limited, dated September 12, 2024, as converted by Conversion Notice, dated September 25, 2024
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, by and among Foxx, BR Technologies Pte. Ltd. and Grazyna Plawinski Limited, dated May 30, 2024 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.26 
 
 2024
 Foxx Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October
 2, 2024). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Lock-Up
 Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between the Registrant, and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between the Registrant, and BRR Investment Holding Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Escrow
 Agreement, by and among Registrant, dated September 26, 2024, Vstock, and certain Foxx stockholders (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.29 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form
 of Offer Letter from Registrant to Independent Directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between Foxx and Greg Foley, CEO (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between Foxx and Joy Yi Hua, Chairwoman and CFO (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.33 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between Foxx and Haitao Cui, EVP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated September 26, 2024, by and between Foxx and James Liao, Chief Technology Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.35 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Conversion
 Notice re Working Capital Warrants, dated September 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2024). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 97.1 
 
 Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Foxx Development Holdings Inc. 

Dated: October 24, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg Foley 

Name: 
 Greg Foley 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Greg Foley 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Greg Foley 
 
 (Principal executive officer) 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Joy Yi Hua 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 
 and Chairwoman Director 

/s/ Haitao Cui 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Haitao Cui 

/s/ Eva Yiqing Miao 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Eva Yiqing Miao 

/s/ Edmund R. Miller 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Edmund R. Miller 

/s/ Jeff Feng Jiang 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 
 
 Jeff Feng Jiang 

78 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ea021495801ex4-3_foxx.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF Securities of the registrant 

The following description of
securities of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. Foxx , PubCo , our Company , the Company ,
 we or us reflects PubCo s capital stock and warrants. PubCo s capital stock is governed by the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the DGCL. 

General 

The authorized capital stock
of PubCo consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Common Stock 

Our Charter authorizes one
class of common stock. 

Dividend Rights 

The DGCL permits a corporation
to declare and pay dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus , out of its net profits for the fiscal
year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Surplus is defined as the excess of the net assets
of the corporation over the amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the board of directors. The capital of the corporation
is typically calculated to be (and cannot be less than) the aggregate par value of all issued shares of capital stock. Net assets equals
the fair value of the total assets minus total liabilities. The DGCL also provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if,
after the payment of the dividend, capital is less than the capital represented by the outstanding stock of all classes having a preference
upon the distribution of assets. Delaware common law also imposes a solvency requirement in connection with the payment of dividends. 

Holders of the PubCo Common
Stock may be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available therefor if PubCo Board, in its discretion, determines to authorize
the issuance of dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that PubCo Board may determine. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of the PubCo Common
Stock will be entitled to one vote for each share held as of the record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to vote
on such matters, including the election and removal of directors, except as otherwise required by law. Under Delaware law, the right to
vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically authorizes cumulative voting. Our Charter does not
authorize cumulative voting and will provide that no shareholder will be permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors. Consequently,
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of PubCo Common Stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and
the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

If the PubCo becomes subject
to a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to the PubCo s stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of the PubCo Common Stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities. 

Other Matters 

All outstanding shares of PubCo
Common Stock will be fully paid and nonassessable. PubCo Common Stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights and will not be subject
to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Preferred Stock 

There are currently no plans
to issue any shares of the preferred stock. PubCo Board will be authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL, to issue preferred
stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation,
powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or restrictions, in each case
without further vote or action by the PubCo s stockholders. PubCo Board will be empowered to increase or decrease the number of
shares of any series of the preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote
or action by the PubCo s stockholders. PubCo Board will be able to authorize the issuance of the preferred stock with voting or
conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the PubCo Common Stock. The issuance
of the preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among
other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the PubCo and might adversely affect the market
price of the PubCo Common Stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of the PubCo Common Stock. 

Board of Directors 

PubCo Board is expected consists
of five directors. Our Charter and Bylaws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed only by resolution of the board of directors.
Directors are elected by a majority of all of the votes cast in the election of directors. 

Removal of Directors 

Our Charter and Bylaws provide
that stockholders may only remove a director for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding capital stock of the PubCo entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Board of Directors Vacancies 

Our Charter and Bylaws authorize
only a majority of the remaining members of PubCo Board, although less than a quorum, to fill vacant directorships, including newly created
directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting PubCo Board will be permitted to be set only by a resolution of PubCo
Board. These provisions would prevent a shareholder from increasing the size of PubCo Board and then gaining control of PubCo Board by
filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This will make it more difficult to change the composition of PubCo Board and will
promote continuity of management. 

Stockholders Action; Special Meeting of
Stockholders 

Our Charter and Bylaws provide
that PubCo s stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of the stockholders.
As a result, a holder controlling a majority of the PubCo Common Stock would not be able to amend the Bylaws, amend the Charter or remove
directors without holding a meeting of the PubCo s stockholders called in accordance with the Charter and Bylaws. The Charter and
Bylaws further provide that special meetings of shareholders of the PubCo may be called only by the PubCo Board, the Chairperson of PubCo
Board, or the Chief Executive Officer or the President of the Company, thus prohibiting stockholders action to call a special meeting.
These provisions might delay the ability of the PubCo s stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling
a majority of the PubCo Common Stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholders
proposals and director nominations 

The Charter provides that advance
notice of stockholders nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the
stockholders of the PubCo must be given in the manner and to the extent provided in the Bylaws. The Bylaws provides that, with respect
to an annual meeting of the PubCo s stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal
of other business to be transacted by the stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to the PubCo s notice of the meeting,
(ii) by or at the direction of the PubCo Board, (iii) as provided in the certificate of designation for any class or series
of preferred stock or (iv) by any stockholders who was a stockholders of record at the time of giving the notice required by the
Bylaws, at the record date(s) set by the board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the meeting, and at the time of the meeting, and who complies with the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. 

2 

With respect to special meetings
of stockholders, only the business specified in the PubCo s notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of
persons for election to the board of directors may be made only (i) by or at the direction of PubCo Board or (ii) if the meeting
has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholders who was a stockholders of record at the time of giving the
notice required by the Bylaws, at the record date(s) set by the board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled
to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting, and at the time of the meeting, and who complies with the advance notice provisions of the
Bylaws. 

The advance notice procedures
of the Bylaws provide that, to be timely, a stockholder s notice with respect to director nominations or other proposals for an
annual meeting must be delivered to the PubCo s Secretary at the principal executive office of the Company not later than the close
of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120 th day before the anniversary
date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more
than 30 days before or delayed by more than 60 days after the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual
meeting, to be timely, a shareholder s notice must be delivered not earlier than the 120 th day prior to the date
of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to the date of such
annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. 

These provisions might preclude
stockholders of the Company from bringing matters before the annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at
the annual meeting of shareholders if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential
acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain
control of PubCo. 

No cumulative voting 

The DGCL provides that stockholders
are not entitled to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.
The Charter will not provide for cumulative voting and will provide that no stockholder will be permitted to cumulate votes at any election
of directors. 

Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws 

Except for those amendments
permitted to be made without stockholders approval under Delaware law or the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Charter
generally may be amended only if the amendment is first declared advisable by the board of directors and thereafter approved by holders
of a majority of the outstanding stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon. Any amendment of certain provisions in the Charter will
require approval by holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of PubCo entitled
to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. These provisions include, among others, provisions related to the classified board
structure, board composition, removal of directors, indemnification and exculpation, cumulative voting rights, preferred stock, exclusive
forum provisions, provisions related to shareholder action and advance notice, corporate opportunities and amendments to the charter,
in each case as summarized in this proxy statement/prospectus. 

PubCo Board will have the power
to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws. In addition, stockholders of PubCo may adopt, amend or repeal any provision of
the Bylaws with the approval by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting
of stockholders and entitled to vote on the matter. Any amendment of certain provisions in the Bylaws will require approval by holders
of at least majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the PubCo entitled to vote thereon, voting
together as a single class. These provisions include, among others, provisions related to meetings of stockholders, the powers and composition
of the board of directors, removal of directors, indemnification of directors and officers and amendments to the Bylaws. 

3 

Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 

Delaware law does not require
shareholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which would
apply if and so long as the common stock remains listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, require shareholder approval of certain issuances
equal to or exceeding 20 of the then-outstanding voting power or then-outstanding number of shares of common stock. Additional
shares that may be issued in the future may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional
capital or to facilitate acquisitions. 

One of the effects of the existence
of unissued and unreserved common stock may be to enable the PubCo Board to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which
issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the PubCo by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy
contest or otherwise and thereby protect the continuity of management and possibly deprive shareholders of opportunities to sell their
shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 

Exclusive Forum 

The Charter will provide that,
unless otherwise consented to by PubCo in writing, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not
have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings: (i) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on behalf of PubCo; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed
by any current or former director, officer, shareholder, employee or agent of the PubCo to the PubCo or the PubCo s stockholders;
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the PubCo or any current or former director, officer, shareholder, employee or agent of
the PubCo relating to any provision of the DGCL or the Charter or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware; (iv) any action asserting a claim against PubCo or any current or former director, officer,
shareholder, employee or agent of the PubCo governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware, in each such case unless
the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior
action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named
as a defendant therein. The Charter will further provide that, unless otherwise consented to by PubCo in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and
exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint against any person in connection with any offering of the PubCo s securities,
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the
PubCo s securities will be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. 

Although the Charter contains
the choice of forum provisions described above, it is possible that a court could rule that such provisions are inapplicable for a particular
claim or action or that such provisions are unenforceable. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder, and, therefore, the exclusive forum provisions described above do not apply to any actions brought under the Exchange Act. 

Although we believe these provisions
will benefit us by limiting costly and time-consuming litigation in multiple forums and by providing increased consistency in the
application of applicable law, these exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits
against us and our directors, officers and other employees. 

Corporate Opportunities 

The Charter provides that,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of our non-employee directors nor his or her affiliates has any duty to refrain
from, directly or indirectly, (x) engaging in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as PubCo or (y) otherwise
competing with PubCo or its affiliates. In the event that any non-employee director or his or her affiliates acquire knowledge of
a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for the non-employee director, his or
her affiliates or PubCo, such non-employee director will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have no duty to communicate
or offer such transaction or business opportunity to PubCo or any of its affiliates and will not be liable to PubCo, its affiliates or
the stockholders of PubCo for breach of any fiduciary duty as a director or officer of PubCo solely by reason of the fact that such non-employee director
or his or her affiliate pursues or acquires such opportunity for themselves, offers or directs such opportunity to another person, or
does not communicate such opportunity to PubCo; provided, that PubCo does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity expressly
offered or presented to any non-employee director solely in his or her capacity as a director of PubCo. 

4 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

The DGCL authorizes corporations
to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of
directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. The Charter includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability
of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same
exists or as may hereafter be amended from time to time. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the rights of PubCo and its stockholders,
through stockholders derivative suits on PubCo s behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any director
if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived
an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 

The Charter will permit and
the Bylaws will obligate PubCo to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any director or officer of PubCo who was or
is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of PubCo
or is or was serving at the request of PubCo as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. PubCo will not be obligated to indemnify a person in connection
with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless the Proceeding (or part thereof) was, or is, authorized by the board
of directors, PubCo determines to provide the indemnification or is otherwise required by applicable law. In addition, the Bylaws require
PubCo, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to pay, in advance of the final disposition of a Proceeding, expenses (including attorneys 
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by an officer or director of PubCo in defending any Proceeding, upon receipt of a written request
therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of the person to repay such
amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under the Bylaws or the DGCL. 

PubCo expects to enter into
an indemnification agreement with each of its directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent
permitted by Delaware law. 

PubCo believes that these indemnification
and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. The limitation of
liability and indemnification provisions in the Charter and Bylaws may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against
directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit PubCo and its stockholders. In addition, your
investment may be adversely affected to the extent PubCo pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted
to directors or executive officers, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
and is therefore unenforceable. 

Transfer Agent 

The Transfer Agent for the
PubCo Common Stock and Public Warrants is VStock Transfer, LLC. 

Listing of Common Stock and Warrants 

Our common stock and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols FOXX and FOXXW, respectively. 

5 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 ea021495801ex14-1_foxx.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Exhibit 14.1 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

I. PURPOSE 

This Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code contains general guidelines for conducting the business of Foxx Development Holdings Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company ), and is intended to qualify
as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.
To the extent this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable laws, rules or regulations, we adhere
to these higher standards. 

This Code is designed to deter
wrongdoing and to promote: 

honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; 

compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations; 

prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and 

accountability for adherence to the Code. 

II. APPLICABILITY 

This Code applies to all directors,
officers and employees of the Company, whether they work for the Company on a full-time, part-time, consultative or temporary basis (each,
an employee and collectively, the employees ). Certain provisions of the Code apply specifically
to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, senior finance officer and any other persons who perform similar functions for
the Company (each, a senior officer , and collectively, the senior officers ). 

The Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board has appointed the Company s Chief Financial Officer as the Compliance Officer for the
Company (the Compliance Officer ). If you have any questions regarding the Code or would like to report any violation
of the Code, please contact the Compliance Officer. 

This Code has been adopted
by the Board. The Board and the Compliance Officer, as well as any duly appointed committee charged with enforcing this Code, shall be
entitled to enforce this Code to the full extent permitted by law. 

III. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Identifying Conflicts of Interest 

A conflict of interest occurs
when an employee s private interest interferes, or appears to interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company as a whole.
An employee should actively avoid any private interest that may impact such employee s ability to act in the interests of the Company
or that may make it difficult to perform the employee s work objectively and effectively. In general, the following should be considered
conflicts of interest: 

Competing Business . No employee may be employed by a business that competes with the Company or deprives it of any business. 

Corporate Opportunity . No employee should use corporate property, information or his/her position with the Company to secure a business opportunity that would otherwise be available to the Company. If an employee discovers a business opportunity that is in the Company s line of business through the use of the Company s property, information or position, the employee must first present the business opportunity to the Company and obtain approval from the Company s Audit Committee before pursuing the opportunity in his/her individual capacity. 

Financial Interests 

i. 
 No employee may have any financial interest (ownership or otherwise), either directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member, in any other business or entity if such interest adversely affects the employee s performance of duties or responsibilities to the Company, or requires the employee to devote time to it during such employee s working hours at the Company; provided, however that an officer or director may devote time to such other interest during working hours so long as it does not interfere with his/her ability to carry out his/her duties at the Company; 

ii. 
 No employee may hold any ownership interest in a privately held company that is in competition with the Company; 

iii. 
 An employee may hold up to 5 ownership interest in a publicly traded company that is in competition with the Company; provided that if the employee s ownership interest in such publicly traded company increases to more than 5 , the employee must immediately report such ownership to the Compliance Officer; 

iv. 
 No employee may hold any ownership interest in a company that has a business relationship with the Company if such employee s duties at the Company include managing or supervising the Company s business relations with that company; and 

v. 
 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Code, 

(a) 
 a director or any immediate family member of such director (collectively, Director Affiliates or a senior officer or any immediate family member of such senior officer (collectively, Officer Affiliates may continue to hold his/her investment or other financial interest in a business or entity (an Interested Business that: 

(1) 
 was made or obtained either (x) before the Company invested in or otherwise became interested in such business or entity; or (y) before the director or senior officer joined the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, regardless of whether the Company had or had not already invested in or otherwise become interested in such business or entity at the time the director or senior officer joined the Company); or 

(2) 
 may in the future be made or obtained by the director or senior officer, provided that at the time such investment or other financial interest is made or obtained, the Company has not yet invested in or otherwise become interested in such business or entity; 

provided that such director or senior
officer shall disclose such investment or other financial interest to the Board; 

(b) 
 an interested director or senior officer shall refrain from participating in any discussion among senior officers of the Company relating to an Interested Business and shall not be involved in any proposed transaction between the Company and an Interested Business; and 

(c) 
 before any Director Affiliate or Officer Affiliate (i) invests, or otherwise acquires any equity or other financial interest, in a business or entity that is in competition with the Company; or (ii) enters into any transaction with the Company, the related director or senior officer shall obtain prior approval from the Audit Committee of the Board. 

2 

For purposes of this Code, a company
or entity is deemed to be in competition with the Company if it competes with the Company s business of providing
corporate business training services, corporate consulting services, advisory and transaction services, and/or any other business in which
the Company is engaged. 

Loans or Other Financial Transactions . No employee may obtain loans or guarantees of personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal financial transaction with, any company that is a material customer, supplier or competitor of the Company. This guideline does not prohibit arms-length transactions with recognized banks or other financial institutions. 

Service on Boards and Committees . No employee shall serve on a board of directors or trustees or on a committee of any entity (whether profit or not-for-profit) whose interests could reasonably be expected to conflict with those of the Company. Employees must obtain prior approval from the Board or the Company s Audit Committee, as required by the rules of Nasdaq, before accepting any such board or committee position. The Company may revisit its approval of any such position at any time to determine whether an employee s service in such position is still appropriate. 

The above is in no way a complete
list of situations where conflicts of interest may arise. The following questions might serve as a useful guide in assessing a potential
conflict of interest situation not specifically addressed above: 

Is the action to be taken legal? 

Is it honest and fair? 

Is it in the best interests of the Company? 

Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest 

The Company requires that
employees fully disclose any situations that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If an employee suspects
that he/she has a conflict of interest, or a situation that others could reasonably perceive as a conflict of interest, the employee must
report it immediately to the Compliance Officer. Conflicts of interest may only be waived by the Board, the appropriate committee of the
Board and in some cases, as in accordance with Nasdaq rules, only by the Company s Audit Committee, and will be promptly disclosed
to the public to the extent required by law and applicable rules of Nasdaq. 

Family Members and Work 

The actions of family members
outside the workplace may also give rise to conflicts of interest because they may influence an employee s objectivity in making
decisions on behalf of the Company. If a member of an employee s family is interested in doing business with the Company, the criteria
as to whether to enter into or continue the business relationship and the terms and conditions of the relationship must be no less favorable
to the Company compared with those that would apply to an unrelated party seeking to do business with the Company under similar circumstances. 

Employees should report any
situation involving family members that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the
Compliance Officer. For purposes of this Code, family members or members of employee s family include
an employee s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law,
and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares such employee s home. 

IV. GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT 

The giving and receiving of
appropriate gifts may be considered common business practice. Appropriate business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed
to build relationships and understanding among business connections. However, gifts and entertainment should never compromise, or appear
to compromise, an employee s ability to make objective and fair business decisions. 

3 

It is the responsibility of
employees to use good judgment in this area. As a general rule, employees may give or receive gifts or entertainment to or from customers
or suppliers only if the gift or entertainment is in compliance with applicable law, insignificant in amount and not given in consideration
or expectation of any action by the recipient. All gifts and entertainment expenses made on behalf of the Company must be properly accounted
for on expense reports. 

We encourage employees to
submit gifts received to the Company. While it is not mandatory to submit small gifts, gifts of over USD 100 must be submitted immediately
to the Compliance Officer. 

Bribes and kickbacks are criminal
acts, strictly prohibited by law. An employee must not offer, give, solicit or receive any form of bribe or kickback anywhere in the world. 

V. FCPA COMPLIANCE 

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act FCPA prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign
political candidates in order to obtain or retain business. A violation of FCPA does not only violate the Company s policy but also
constitute a civil or criminal offense under FCPA which the Company is subject to after the Effective Time. No employee shall give or
authorize directly or indirectly any illegal payments to government officials of any country. While the FCPA does, in certain limited
circumstances, allow nominal facilitating payments to be made, any such payment must be discussed with and approved by an
employee s supervisor in advance before it can be made. 

VI. PROTECTION AND USE OF COMPANY ASSETS 

Employees should protect the
Company s assets and ensure their efficient use for legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct
impact on the Company s profitability. Any use of the funds or assets of the Company, whether for personal gain or not, for any
unlawful or improper purpose is strictly prohibited. 

To ensure the protection and
proper use of the Company s assets, each employee should: 

Exercise reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of Company property; 

Promptly report any actual or suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company property; 

Safeguard all electronic programs, data, communications and written materials from unauthorized access; and 

Use Company property only for legitimate business purposes. 

Except as approved in advance
by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, the Company prohibits political contributions (directly or through
trade associations) by any employee on behalf of the Company. Prohibited political contributions include: 

any contributions of the Company s funds or other assets for political purposes; 

encouraging individual employees to make any such contribution; and 

reimbursing an employee for any political contribution. 

4 

VII. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CONFIDENTIALITY 

Employees should abide by
the Company s rules and policies in protecting the intellectual property and confidential information, including the following: 

All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade secrets developed by an employee in the course of performing the employee s duties or primarily through the use of the Company s assets or resources while working at the Company shall be the property of the Company. 

Employees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company or entities with which the Company has business relations, except when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to the Company or its business associates, if disclosed. 

The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employee s term of employment with the Company, the employee shall comply with any and all written or unwritten rules and policies concerning confidentiality and shall fulfill the duties and responsibilities concerning confidentiality applicable to the employee. 

In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with his/her position in the Company, an employee shall not, without obtaining prior approval from the Company, disclose, announce or publish trade secrets or other confidential business information of the Company, nor shall an employee use such confidential information outside the course of his/her duties to the Company. 

Even outside the work environment, an employee must maintain vigilance and refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its business, business associates or employees. 

An employee s duty of confidentiality with respect to the confidential information of the Company survives the termination of such employee s employment with the Company for any reason until such time as the Company discloses such information publicly or the information otherwise becomes available in the public sphere through no fault of the employee. 

Upon termination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception, including all forms of medium containing confidential information, and may not retain duplicate materials. 

VIII. ACCURACY OF FINANCIAL REPORTS AND OTHER
PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS 

The Company is required to
report its financial results and other material information about its business to the public and the SEC. It is the Company s policy
to promptly disclose accurate and complete information regarding its business, financial condition and results of operations. Employees
must strictly comply with all applicable standards, laws, regulations and policies for accounting and financial reporting of transactions,
estimates and forecasts. Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be tolerated and can severely damage the Company and result
in legal liability. 

Employees should be on guard
for, and promptly report, any possibility of inaccurate or incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to: 

Financial results that seem inconsistent with the performance of the underlying business; 

Transactions that do not seem to have an obvious business purpose; and 

Requests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures. 

The Company s senior
financial officers and other employees working in the finance department have a special responsibility to ensure that all of the Company s
financial disclosures are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable. Any practice or situation that might undermine this objective
should be reported to the Compliance Officer. 

5 

Employees are prohibited from
directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Company s independent auditors
for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company materially misleading. Prohibited actions include but are not limited
to: 

issuing or reissuing a report on the Company s financial statements that is not warranted in the circumstances (due to material violations of U.S. GAAP, generally accepted auditing standards or other professional or regulatory standards); 

not performing audit, review or other procedures required by generally accepted auditing standards or other professional standards; 

not withdrawing an issued report when withdrawal is warranted under the circumstances; or 

not communicating matters required to be communicated to the Company s Audit Committee. 

IX. COMPANY RECORDS 

Accurate and reliable records
are crucial to the Company s business and form the basis of its earnings statements, financial reports and other disclosures to
the public. The Company s records are a source of essential data that guides business decision-making and strategic planning. Company
records include, but are not limited to, booking information, payroll, timecards, travel and expense reports, e-mails, accounting and
financial data, measurement and performance records, electronic data files and all other records maintained in the ordinary course of
business. 

All Company records must be
complete, accurate and reliable in all material respects. There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading entries. Undisclosed
or unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are strictly prohibited. An employee is responsible for understanding and complying with the
Company s recordkeeping policy. An employee should contact the Compliance Officer if he/she has any questions regarding the recordkeeping
policy. 

X. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

Each employee has an obligation
to comply with the laws of the cities, provinces, regions and countries in which the Company operates. This includes, without limitation,
laws covering commercial bribery and kickbacks, patent, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, information privacy, insider trading,
offering or receiving gratuities, employment harassment, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, false or misleading
financial information, misuse of corporate assets and foreign currency exchange activities. Employees are expected to understand and comply
with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to their positions at the Company. If any doubt exists about whether a course of action
is lawful, the employee should seek advice immediately from the Compliance Officer. 

XI. DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT 

The Company is firmly committed
to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based on race,
ethnicity, religion, gender, age, national origin or any other protected class. For further information, employees should consult the
Compliance Officer. 

XII. FAIR DEALING 

Each employee should endeavor
to deal fairly with the Company s customers, suppliers, competitors and employees. None should take unfair advantage of anyone through
manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair-dealing practice. 

XIII. HEALTH AND SAFETY 

The Company strives to provide
employees with a safe and healthy work environment. Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for
other employees by following environmental, safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment,
practices or conditions. Violence or threats of violence are not permitted. 

6 

Each employee is expected
to perform his/her duty to the Company in a safe manner, not under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs or other controlled substances.
The use of illegal drugs or other controlled substances in the workplace is prohibited. 

XIV. VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE 

All employees have a duty
to report any known or suspected violation of this Code, including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to
the Company. Reporting a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be considered an act of disloyalty, but an action
to safeguard the reputation and integrity of the Company and its employees. 

If an employee knows of or
suspects a violation of this Code, it is such employee s responsibility to immediately report the violation to the Compliance Officer,
who will work with the employee to investigate his/her concern. All questions and reports of known or suspected violations of this Code
will be treated with sensitivity and discretion. The Compliance Officer and the Company will protect the employee s confidentiality
to the extent possible, consistent with the law and the Company s need to investigate the employee s concern. 

It is the Company s
policy that any employee who violates this Code will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, including termination of employment,
based upon the facts and circumstances of each particular situation. An employee s conduct, if it does not comply with the law or
with this Code, can result in serious consequences for both the employee and the Company. 

The Company strictly prohibits
retaliation against an employee who, in good faith, seeks help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting reprisal
or retaliation against another employee for reporting a known or suspected violation will be subject to disciplinary action, including
termination of employment. 

XV. WAIVERS OF THE CODE 

Waivers of this Code will
be granted on a case-by-case basis and only in extraordinary circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or the
appropriate committee of the Board, and may be promptly disclosed to the public if so required by applicable laws and regulations and
rules of the Nasdaq. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any waiver of this Code for a senior officer or a director may only be granted by
the Board and must be publicly disclosed in accordance with the applicable rules of the Nasdaq. 

XVI. CONCLUSION 

This Code contains general
guidelines for conducting the business of the Company consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. If employees have any
questions about these guidelines, they should contact the Compliance Officer. We expect all employees to adhere to these standards. Each
employee is separately responsible for his/her actions. Conduct that violates the law or this Code cannot be justified by claiming that
it was ordered by a supervisor or someone in higher management positions. If an employee engages in conduct prohibited by the law or this
Code, such employee will be deemed to have acted outside the scope of his/her employment. Such conduct will subject the employee to disciplinary
action, including termination of employment. 

7 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 ea021495801ex19-1_foxx.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit 19.1 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

This Insider Trading Policy (this Policy ),
describes the standards of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company on trading, and causing
the trading of, the Company s securities or securities of certain other publicly traded companies while in possession of confidential
information. 

This Policy is divided into two parts: 

The first part prohibits trading in certain circumstances and applies to all directors, officers, employees,
consultants and independent contractors of the Company, immediate family members of any of the aforementioned persons, and Controlled
Entities of any of the aforementioned persons; and 

The second part imposes special additional trading restrictions and applies to all (i) directors of the
Company, (ii) executive officers of the Company (together with the directors, Company Insiders ), (iii) other
than Company Insiders, the employees listed on Appendix A , to be updated by the Company from time to time at the discretion of
the Compliance Officer (together with Company Insiders, collectively, Covered Persons ), (iv) certain other employees,
consultants and independent contractors that the Company may designate from time to time at the discretion of the Compliance Officer as
 Covered Persons because of their position, responsibilities or their actual or potential access to material information,
and (v) any immediate family members or Controlled Entities of any of the Covered Persons. 

For purpose of this Policy, any transactions conducted
by any Controlled Entities of any director, officer, employee, consultants or independent contractors of the Company, or any of their
immediate family members, are deemed conducted by such person. 

One of the principal purposes of the federal securities
laws is to prohibit so-called insider trading. Simply stated, insider trading occurs when a person uses material nonpublic
information obtained through involvement with the Company to make decisions to purchase, sell, give away or otherwise trade the Company s
securities or to provide that information to others outside the Company. The prohibitions against insider trading apply to purchase, sell,
trades, tips and recommendations by virtually any person, including all persons associated with the Company, if the information involved
is material and nonpublic. These terms are defined in this Policy under the Definitions section
below. The prohibitions would apply to any director, officer, employee, consultant, independent contractor, any of their immediate family
members or any of their Controlled Entities who buys or sells Company securities on the basis of material nonpublic information that he
or she obtained about the Company, its customers, suppliers, or other companies with which the Company has contractual or other business
relationships or may be negotiating transactions. 

Definitions 

(a) Material . 
Insider trading restrictions come into play only if the information you possess is material. Materiality, however, involves
a relatively low threshold. Information is generally regarded as material if it has market significance, that is, if its
public dissemination is likely to affect the market price of securities, or if it otherwise is information that a reasonable investor
would want to know before making an investment decision. 

Information dealing with the following subjects
is reasonably likely to be found material in particular situations: 

(i) significant changes in the
Company s prospects; 

(ii) significant write-downs
in assets or increases in reserves; 

(iii) developments regarding
significant litigation or government agency investigations; 

(iv) liquidity problems; 

(v) changes in earnings estimates
or unusual gains or losses in major operations; 

(vi) major changes in the Company s
management or the board of directors; 

(vii) changes in dividends; 

(viii) extraordinary borrowings; 

(ix) major changes in accounting
methods or policies; 

(x) award or loss of a significant
contract; 

(xi) cybersecurity risks and
incidents, including vulnerabilities and breaches; 

(xii) changes in debt ratings; 

(xiii) proposals, plans or agreements,
even if preliminary in nature, involving mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, recapitalizations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements,
or purchases or sales of substantial assets; and 

(xiv) offerings of Company securities. 

Material information is not limited to historical
facts but may also include projections and forecasts. Material information can also include information relating to other companies, including
the Company s acquisition targets, customers, vendors or suppliers. With respect to a future event, such as a merger, acquisition
or introduction of a new product, the point at which negotiations or product development are determined to be material is determined by
balancing the probability that the event will occur against the magnitude of the effect the event would have on a company s operations
or stock price should it occur. Thus, information concerning an event that would have a large effect on stock price, such as a merger,
may be material even if the possibility that the event will occur is relatively small. When in doubt about whether particular nonpublic
information is material, you should presume it is material. If you are unsure whether information is material, you should either consult
the Compliance Officer before making any decision to disclose such information (other than to persons who need to know it) or to purchase,
sell, trade in or recommend securities to which that information relates or assume that the information is material. 

(b) Nonpublic .
Insider trading prohibitions come into play only when you possess information that is material and nonpublic. The fact that
information has been disclosed to a few members of the public does not make it public for insider trading purposes. To be public 
the information must have been disseminated in a manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given the opportunity
to absorb the information. Even after public disclosure of information about the Company, you must wait until the close of business on
the second (2 nd trading day after the information was publicly disclosed before you can treat the information as public. 

2 

Nonpublic information may include: 

(i) information available to
a select group of analysts or brokers or institutional investors; 

(ii) undisclosed facts that
are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

(iii) information that has been
entrusted to the Company on a confidential basis until a public announcement of the information has been made and enough time has elapsed
for the market to respond to a public announcement of the information (normally two (2) trading days). 

As with questions of materiality, if you are
not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult with the Compliance Officer or assume that the information
is nonpublic and treat it as confidential. 

(c) Trade . 
 Trade is defined hereunder as a public purchase or sale that is effected on an exchange or in an over-the counter market
and does not include a privately negotiated purchase or sale of the Company s securities. For avoidance of doubt, no purchase or
sale, publicly or privately, shall be allowed if a person covered hereunder is in possession of material nonpublic information. 

(d) Trading
Day . A trading day means a day on which national stock exchanges (including the Over the Counter Bulletin
Board) are open for trading. 

(e) Immediate
Family Members . The immediate family members of a person means the person s spouse, parents, stepparents,
children, stepchildren, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law, and anyone (other
than a tenant or employee) who shares such person s household. 

(f)
 Controlled Entities . Controlled Entities 
of a person include (i) any corporation or organization (other than the Company or its subsidiaries) in which such person is a director
or officer or directly or indirectly the beneficial owner of 10 or more of any class of equity securities, and (ii) any trust or estate
in which such person has a substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as a trustee, executor or in a similar fiduciary
capacity. 

(g)
 Compliance Officer . The Company has appointed
Chief Financial Officer as the Compliance Officer for this Policy; provided that Chief Executive Officer of the Company will serve as
Compliance Officer in respect of any proposed trading by Chief Financial Officer or his or her immediate family members. The duties of
the Compliance Officer include, but are not limited to, the following: 

(i) assisting with implementation
and enforcement of this Policy; 

(ii) circulating this Policy
to all persons covered hereunder and ensuring that this Policy is amended as necessary to remain up-to-date with insider trading laws; 

(iii) updating the list of Covered
Persons as Appendix A from time to time; 

(iv) pre-clearing all trading
in securities of the Company by Covered Persons in accordance with the procedures set forth in Part II, Section 2 below; 

(v) providing approval of any
Rule 10b5-1 plans under Part II, Section 1(c) below and any prohibited transactions under Part II, Section 3 below; and 

(vi) providing a reporting system
with an effective whistleblower protection mechanism. 

3 

PART
I 

1. Applicability 

This Policy applies to all trading or other transactions
in (i) the Company s securities, including ordinary shares, options and any other securities that the Company may issue, such as
preferred shares, notes, bonds and convertible securities, as well as to derivative securities relating to any of the Company s
securities, whether or not issued by the Company; and (ii) the securities of certain other companies, including ordinary shares / common
stock, options and other securities issued by those companies as well as derivative securities relating to any of those companies 
securities. 

This Policy applies to all employees of the Company,
all officers of the Company, all members of the Company s board of directors, consultants and independent contractors, their respective
immediate family members, and Controlled Entities of the foregoing persons. 

2. General Policy: No
Trading or Causing Trading While in Possession of Material Nonpublic Information 

(a) No director, officer,
employee, consultants or independent contractors, or any of their immediate family members may purchase or sell, or offer to purchase
or sell, any Company security, whether or not issued by the Company, while in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company.
(The terms material and nonpublic are defined in the Definitions section above.) 

(b) No director, officer,
employee, consultants or independent contractors, or any of their immediate family members, who knows of any material nonpublic information
about the Company may communicate that information to tip any other person, including family members and friends,
or otherwise disclose such information without the Company s authorization. 

(c) No director, officer,
employee, consultants or independent contractors, or any of their immediate family members, may purchase or sell any security of any other
company, while in possession of material nonpublic information about that company that was obtained in the course of his or her involvement
with the Company. No director, officer, employee, consultants or independent contractors, or any of their immediate family members, who
knows of any such material nonpublic information may communicate that information to, or tip, any other person, including family members
and friends, or otherwise disclose such information without the Company s authorization. 

(d) For compliance purposes,
you should never purchase, sell, trade, tip or recommend securities (or otherwise cause the purchase or sale of securities) while in possession
of information that you have reason to believe is material and nonpublic unless you first consult with, and obtain the advance approval
of, the Compliance Officer (which is defined in the Definitions section above). 

(e) Covered Persons must
 pre-clear all trading in securities of the Company in accordance with the procedures set forth in Part II, Section 2 below. 

(f) Even if trading is
allowed, Federal securities laws require that officers, directors, large stockholders (owning more than 5 or 10 and affiliates of the
Company publicly report transactions in Company stock (such as on Form 144 with respect to sale of restricted and control securities,
and, in certain cases, Schedules 13D and 13G). Contact the Compliance Officer if you need assistance complying with these additional requirements. 

4 

3. Exceptions 

The trading restrictions of this Policy do not
apply to the following: 

Exercising stock options granted under the Company s
current or future equity incentive plans for cash, cashless exercise without a simultaneous sale of shares from such exercise, or the
delivery of previously owned Company stock. However, the sale of any shares issued on the exercise of Company-granted stock options are
subject to trading restrictions under this Policy. 

4. Violations of Insider
Trading Laws 

Penalties for trading on or communicating material
nonpublic information can be severe, both for individuals involved in such unlawful conduct and their employers and supervisors, and may
include jail terms, criminal fines, civil penalties and civil enforcement injunctions. Given the severity of the potential penalties,
compliance with this Policy is absolutely mandatory. 

(a) Legal Penalties. 
A person who violates insider trading laws by engaging in transactions in a company s securities when he or she has material nonpublic
information can be sentenced to a substantial jail term and required to pay a criminal penalty of several times the amount of profits
gained or losses avoided. 

In addition, a person who tips others may also
be liable for transactions by the tippees to whom he or she has disclosed material nonpublic information. Tippers can be subject to the
same penalties and sanctions as the tippees, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has imposed
large penalties even when the tipper did not profit from the transaction. 

The SEC can also seek substantial civil penalties
from any person who, at the time of an insider trading violation, directly or indirectly controlled the person who committed such
violation, which would apply to the Company and/or management and supervisory personnel. These control persons may be held liable
for up to the greater of 2,301,065 (as of the adoption of this Policy, which may be adjusted periodically pursuant to relevant rules)
or three times the amount of the profits gained or losses avoided. Even for violations that result in a small or no profit, the SEC can
seek penalties from a company and/or its management and supervisory personnel as control persons. 

(b) Company-Imposed Penalties. 
Employees who violate this Policy may be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, including dismissal for cause. Any exceptions
to the Policy, if permitted, may only be granted by the Compliance Officer and must be provided before any activity contrary to the above
requirements takes place. 

5. Applicability After
Termination of Relationship with the Company 

If the relationship with the Company terminates
at a time when an employee, officer, director, consultant or independent contractor has material nonpublic information about the Company,
the prohibition on trading on such information continues until such information is no longer material nonpublic information. 

6. Inquiries 

If you have any questions regarding any of the
provisions of this Policy, please contact the Compliance Officer. 

5 

PART
II 

1. Blackout Periods 

All Covered Persons are prohibited from trading
in the Company s securities during the blackout periods as defined below. During the blackout periods, Covered Persons generally
possess or are presumed to possess material nonpublic information about the Company s financial results. Even if it is not during
a blackout period, a Covered Person who is in possession of any material nonpublic information should not purchase, sell or trade in the
Company s securities until the information has been made publicly available or is no longer material. 

(a) Periodic Blackout
Periods. In the event that only semi-annual and annual financial results of the Company are filed or furnished with the SEC or
publicly available to its shareholders through other distribution channel, trading in the Company s securities is prohibited during
the period beginning at the close of the market on the seventh (7th) calendar day preceding the end of a semi-annual period or fiscal
year and ending at the close of the market on the second (2nd) business day after the Company s financial results are publicly released
or disclosed. In the event that quarterly and annual financial results of the Company are filed or furnished with the SEC or publicly
available to its shareholders through other distribution channel, trading in the Company s securities is prohibited during the period
beginning at the close of the market on the seventh (7th) calendar day preceding the end of a quarter or fiscal year and ending at the
close of the market on the second (2nd) business day after the Company s financial results are publicly released or disclosed. 

(b) Other Blackout Periods .
From time to time, other types of material nonpublic information regarding the Company (such as negotiation of mergers, acquisitions or
dispositions, investigation and assessment of cybersecurity incidents or new product developments) may be pending and not be publicly
disclosed. While such material nonpublic information is pending, even if it is not during a periodic blackout period provided under section
1(a) above, the Company may impose special blackout periods during which Covered Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company s
securities. If the Company imposes a special blackout period, it will notify the Covered Persons affected. 

(c) Exception .
These trading restrictions do not apply to transactions under a pre-existing written plan, contract, instruction, or arrangement under
Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (an Approved 10b5-1 Plan that: 

(i) has been reviewed and approved
at least two (2) weeks in advance of any trades thereunder by the Compliance Officer (or, if revised or amended, such revisions or amendments
have been reviewed and approved by the Compliance Officer at least two (2) weeks in advance of any subsequent trades); 

(ii) provides that no trades
may occur thereunder until expiration of the applicable cooling-off period specified in Rule 10b5-1(c)(ii)(B), and no trades occur until
after that time. The appropriate cooling-off period will vary based on the status of the Covered Person. For directors and officers, the
cooling-off period ends on the later of (x) ninety (90) days after adoption or certain modifications of the 10b5-1 plan; or (y) two (2)
business days following disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 20-F or Form 6-K relevant to the quarter in which
the 10b5-1 plan was adopted. For all other Covered Persons, the cooling-off period ends thirty (30) days after adoption or modification
of the 10b5-1 plan. This required cooling-off period will apply to the entry into a new 10b5-1 plan and any revision or modification of
a 10b5-1 plan; 

(iii) was entered into in good
faith by the Covered Person, and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1, at a time when the Covered
Person was not in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company; and if the Covered Person is a director or officer,
the 10b5-1 plan must include representations by the Covered Person certifying to that effect; 

(iv) gives a third party the
discretionary authority to execute such purchases and sales, outside the control of the Covered Person, so long as such third party does
not possess any material nonpublic information about the Company; or explicitly specifies the security or securities to be purchased or
sold, the number of shares, the prices and/or dates of transactions, or other formula(s) describing such transactions; and 

(v) is the only outstanding
Approved 10b5-1 Plan entered into by the Covered Person (subject to the exceptions set out in Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(ii)(D)). 

6 

2. Pre-Clearance of
Securities Transactions 

(a) Because Company Insiders
are likely to obtain material nonpublic information on a regular basis, the Company requires all such persons to refrain from trading,
even if it is not during a blackout period, without first pre-clearing all transactions in the Company s securities. 

(b) Subject to the exemption
in subsection (d) below, no Company Insider may, directly or indirectly, purchase or sell (or otherwise make any transfer, gift, pledge
or loan of) any Company security at any time without first obtaining prior approval from the Compliance Officer. These procedures also
apply to transactions by such person s immediate family members and to transactions by Controlled Entities of such person. 

(c) The Compliance Officer
shall record the date each request is received and the date and time each request is approved or disapproved. Unless revoked, a grant
of permission will normally remain valid until the close of trading fourteen (14) calendar days following the day on which it was granted.
If the transaction does not occur during the 14-day period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested. 

(d) Pre-clearance is
not required for purchases and sales of securities under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan once the applicable cooling-off period has expired. No
trades may be made under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan until expiration of the applicable cooling-off period. With respect to any purchase or
sale under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan, the third party effecting transactions on behalf of the Company Insider should be instructed to send
duplicate confirmations of all such transactions to the Compliance Officer. 

3. Prohibited Transactions 

(a) Company Insiders
are prohibited from trading in the Company s equity securities during a blackout period imposed under an individual account 
retirement or pension plan of the Company, during which at least 50 of the plan participants are unable to purchase, sell or otherwise
acquire or transfer an interest in equity securities of the Company, due to a temporary suspension of trading by the Company or the plan
fiduciary. 

(b) Covered Persons,
including any person s immediate family members and Controlled Entities of such person, are prohibited from engaging in the following
transactions in the Company s securities unless advance approval is obtained from the Compliance Officer: 

(i) Short-term
trading. Company Insiders who purchase Company securities may not sell any Company securities of the same class for at least
six (6) months after the purchase, and Company Insiders who sell Company securities may not purchase any Company securities of the same
class for at least six (6) months after the sale; 

(ii) Short
sales. Covered Persons may not sell the Company s securities short; 

(iii) Options
trading. Covered Persons may not buy or sell puts or calls or other derivative securities on the Company s securities; 

(iv) Trading on margin or
pledging. Covered Persons may not hold Company securities in a margin account or pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan;
and 

(v) Hedging. 
Covered Persons may not enter into hedging or monetization transactions or similar arrangements with respect to Company securities. 

4. Acknowledgment and
Certification 

All Covered Persons are required to sign the attached
acknowledgment and certification. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

7 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION 

The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt
of Foxx Development Holdings Ltd. Insider Trading Policy. The undersigned has read and understands such Policy and agrees to be governed
by such Policy at all times in connection with the purchase and sale of securities and the confidentiality of nonpublic information. 

(Signature) 

(Please print name) 

Date: ________________________ 

8 

APPENDIX A 

LIST OF COVER PERSONS (OTHER THAN OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS) 

Name 
 
 Title/Department 

9 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ea021495801ex21-1_foxx.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIAIRES OF FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place of Incorporation 

Incorporation Time 

Percentage 
 Ownership 

Foxx Development Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

November 13, 2023 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ea021495801ex31-1_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Greg Foley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 of Foxx Development
Holdings Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Greg Foley 

Greg Foley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ea021495801ex31-2_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Joy Yi Hua, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 of Foxx Development
Holdings Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ea021495801ex32-1_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Greg Foley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Greg Foley 

Greg Foley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ea021495801ex32-2_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joy Yi Hua, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 ea021495801ex97-1_foxx.htm
 POLICY RELATING TO RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION

Exhibit 97.1 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

 CLAWBACK POLICY 

OVERVIEW 

In accordance with the applicable
rules (the Nasdaq Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), Section 10D and Rule 10D-1 Rule
10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Board of Directors (the
 Board of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company has adopted this Policy (the Policy to provide for the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive-based Compensation (as defined herein) from Executive Officers (as defined
herein). 

RECOVERY OF
ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION 

Recovery Process 

In the event of an Accounting
Restatement (as defined herein), the Company will reasonably promptly recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received in accordance
with Nasdaq Rules and Rule 10D-1 as follows: 

1. After an Accounting Restatement, the Compensation Committee (if composed entirely of independent directors,
or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board) (the Committee shall determine the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received by each Executive Officer and shall promptly notify each Executive
Officer with a written notice containing the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and a demand for repayment or return of such
compensation, as applicable. 

(a) For Incentive-based Compensation based on (or derived from) the Company s stock price or total shareholder
return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information
in the applicable Accounting Restatement: 

i. The amount to be repaid or returned shall be determined by the Committee based on a reasonable estimate of
the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based
Compensation was Received; and 

ii. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable estimate and provide
the relevant documentation as required to Nasdaq. 

2. The Committee shall have discretion to determine the appropriate means of recovering Erroneously Awarded
Compensation based on the particular facts and circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth in Limited Exception 
below, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in satisfaction of
an Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 

3. To the extent that the Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company for any Erroneously Awarded
Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company or applicable law, it shall be appropriate
for any such reimbursed amount to be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this
Policy. 

4. To the extent that an Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company
when due, the Company shall take all actions reasonable and appropriate to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation from the applicable
Executive Officer. The applicable Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred
(including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with the immediately preceding
sentence. 

Limited Exception 

Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to take the actions as set forth in Recovery Process above if the Committee
determines that recovery would be impracticable and any of the following three conditions are met: 

1. The Committee has determined that the direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing the
Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before making this determination, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover
the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, documented such attempt(s) and provided such documentation to Nasdaq; 

2. Recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022, provided
that, before determining that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of
home country law, the Company has obtained an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to Nasdaq, that recovery would result in such
a violation and a copy of the opinion is provided to Nasdaq; or 

3. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly
available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. 

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 

The Company shall file all
disclosures with respect to this Policy required by applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings
and rules. 

PROHIBITION
OF INDEMNIFICATION 

The Company shall not be permitted
to insure or indemnify any Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned or
recovered pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights under this
Policy. Further, the Company shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-based Compensation that is granted, paid or
awarded to an Executive Officer from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any Erroneously
Awarded Compensation, and this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date
of this Policy). 

ADMINISTRATION
AND INTERPRETATION 

This Policy shall be administered
by the Committee, and any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 

The Committee is authorized
to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this
Policy and for the Company s compliance with Nasdaq Rules, Section 10D, Rule 10D-1 and any other applicable law, regulation, rule
or interpretation of the SEC or Nasdaq promulgated or issued in connection therewith. 

2 

AMENDMENT; TERMINATION 

The Committee may amend this
Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph
to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if such amendment or termination would (after taking into
account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal
securities laws, SEC rule or Nasdaq rule. 

OTHER RECOVERY
RIGHTS 

This Policy shall be binding
and enforceable against all Executive Officers and, to the extent required by applicable law or guidance from the SEC or Nasdaq, their
beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied
to the fullest extent required by applicable law. Any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan or any other agreement
or arrangement with an Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, an agreement
by the Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu
of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant
to the terms of any policy of the Company or any provision in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, compensatory plan, agreement
or other arrangement. 

DEFINITIONS 

For purposes of this Policy,
the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

Accounting Restatement 
means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities
laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to
the previously issued financial statements (a Big R restatement), or to correct errors that are not material to previously
issued financial statements but would result in a material misstatement if (a) the errors were left uncorrected in the current report
or (b) the error correction was recognized in the current period (a little r restatement). 

Clawback Eligible
Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after the effective
date of the applicable Nasdaq Rules, (ii) after beginning service as an Executive Officer, (iii) who served as an Executive Officer at
any time during the applicable performance period relating to any Incentive-based Compensation (whether or not such Executive Officer
is serving at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be repaid to the Company), (iv) while the Company has a class
of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (v) during the applicable Clawback Period
(as defined herein). 

Clawback Period 
means, with respect to any Accounting Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the Restatement
Date (as defined herein), and if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months within or immediately
following those three completed fiscal years. 

3 

Erroneously Awarded
Compensation means, with respect to each Executive Officer in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Clawback
Eligible Incentive Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it
been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. 

Executive Officer 
means each individual who is currently or was previously designated as an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)
under the Exchange Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of an Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy shall include
each executive officer who is or was identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act or Item 6.A of Form 20-F,
as applicable, as well as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer (or, if there is no principal accounting officer,
the controller). 

Financial Reporting
Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Company s financial statements, and all other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total
shareholder return (and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from stock price or total shareholder return) shall, for purposes
of this Policy, be considered Financial Reporting Measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented
in the Company s financial statements or included in a periodic or other filing with the SEC. 

Incentive-based
Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial
Reporting Measure. 

Received 
means, with respect to any Incentive-based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt, and Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed received
in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award
is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-based Compensation to the Executive Officer occurs after the end of that period. 

Restatement Date 
means the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board or the officers of the Company authorized to take such
action if Board action is not required, conclude(s), or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting
Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

4 

Exhibit A 

ATTESTATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CLAWBACK
POLICY 

By my signature below, I acknowledge and agree that: 

I
 have received and read the attached Clawback Policy (the Policy ). 

I
 hereby agree to abide by all of the terms of this Policy both during and after my employment
 with Foxx Development Holdings Ltd. (the Company ), including, without
 limitation, by promptly repaying or returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (as defined
 in the Policy) to the Company as determined in accordance with the Policy. 

Signature: 

Printed Name: 

Date: 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 ea021495801ex99-1_foxx.htm
 AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

Exhibit 99.1 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

 AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER 

1. STATUS 

The Audit Committee (the Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company ). 

2. PURPOSE 

The Committee is appointed
by the Board for the primary purposes of: 

Performing the Board s oversight responsibilities as they relate to the Company s accounting policies and internal controls, financial reporting practices and legal and regulatory compliance, including, among other things: 

o 
 the quality and integrity of the Company s financial statements; 

o 
 the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

o 
 review of the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence; and 

o 
 the performance of the Company s internal audit function and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; 

o 
 Maintaining, through regularly scheduled meetings, a line of communication between the Board and the Company s financial management, internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, including providing such parties with appropriate opportunities to meet separately and privately with the Committee on a periodic basis, and 

o 
 Preparing the report to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement, as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC rules. 

3. COMPOSITION AND QUALIFICATIONS 

The Committee shall be appointed
by the Board and shall be comprised of three or more Directors (as determined from time to time by the Board), each of whom shall meet
the independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), the listing standards of any exchange or national
listing market system upon which the Company s securities are listed or quoted for trading (including, without limitation, The Nasdaq
Capital Market) (the Principal Market and all other applicable laws. 

The chairperson of the Committee
shall be designated by the Board, provided that if the Board does not so designate a chairperson, the members of the Committee, by a majority
vote, may designate a chairperson. 

Any vacancy on the Committee
shall be filled by majority vote of the Board. No member of the Committee shall be removed except by majority vote of the Board. 

Each member of the Committee
shall be financially literate and at least one member of the Committee shall have past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individual s
financial sophistication, including being or having been a chief executive officer, chief financial officer or other senior officer with
financial oversight responsibilities, as each such qualification is interpreted by the Board in its business judgment. In addition, at
least one member of the Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined by the SEC pursuant
to the Act. 

4. MEETINGS OF THE COMMITTEE 

The Committee shall meet as
often as it determines necessary to carry out its duties and responsibilities, but no less frequently than once every fiscal quarter.
The Committee, in its discretion, may ask members of management or others to attend its meetings (or portions thereof) and to provide
pertinent information as necessary. A majority of the members of the Committee present in person or by means of a conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other shall constitute a quorum. 

The Committee shall maintain
minutes of its meetings and records relating to those meetings. 

5. RESPONSIBILITIES 

In carrying out its duties
and responsibilities, the Committee s policies and procedures should remain flexible, so that it may be in a position to best address,
react or respond to changing circumstances or conditions. The following duties and responsibilities are within the authority of the Committee
and the Committee shall, consistent with and subject to applicable law and rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, the Nasdaq
Capital Market, or any other applicable regulatory authority. 

The Committee will: 

A. Review and discuss with
the independent registered public accounting firm their annual audit plan, including the timing and scope of audit activities, and monitor
such plan s progress and results during the year. 

B. Review and discuss the
annual audited financial statements and the Company s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. In connection with such
review, the Committee will: 

Discuss with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61 (as may be modified or supplemented) and the matters in the written disclosures required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the audit committee concerning independence; 

Review significant changes in accounting or auditing policies; 

Review with the independent registered public accounting firm any problems or difficulties encountered in the course of their audit, including any change in the scope of the planned audit work and any restrictions placed on the scope of such work and management s response to such problems or difficulties; 

Review with the independent registered public accounting firm, management and the senior internal auditing executive the adequacy of the Company s internal controls, and any significant findings and recommendations with respect to such controls; 

Review reports required to be submitted by the independent registered public accounting firm concerning: (a) all critical accounting policies and practices used; (b) all alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles GAAP that have been discussed with management, the ramifications of such alternatives, and the accounting treatment preferred by the independent registered public accounting firm; (c) any other material written communications with management and (d) any material financial arrangements of the Company which do not appear on the financial statements of the Company; 

2 

Review (a) major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations, including any significant changes in the Company s selection or application of accounting principles, and major issues as to the adequacy of the Company s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material control deficiencies; and (b) analyses prepared by management and/or the independent registered public accounting firm setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analysis of the effects of alternative GAAP methods on the financial statements and the effects of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-balance sheet structures, on the financial statements of the Company; and 

Discuss policies and procedures concerning earnings press releases and review the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings press releases (paying particular attention to any use of pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP information), as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies. 

C. Review and discuss the
quarterly financial statements and the Company s disclosures provided in periodic quarterly reports including Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations with management, the senior internal auditing executive
and the independent registered public accounting firm. 

D. Oversee the external audit
coverage. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm are ultimately accountable to the Committee, which has the
direct authority and responsibility to appoint, retain, compensate, terminate, select, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace the independent
registered public accounting firm. In connection with its oversight of the external audit coverage, the Committee will have authority
to: 

Appoint and replace (subject to stockholder approval, if deemed advisable by the Board) the independent registered public accounting firm; 

Approve the engagement letter and the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; 

Pre-approve all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm and the related fees for such services other than prohibited nonauditing services as promulgated under rules and regulations of the SEC (subject to the inadvertent de minimus exceptions set forth in the Act and the SEC rules); 

Monitor and obtain confirmation and assurance as to the independent registered public accounting firm s independence, including ensuring that they submit on a periodic basis (not less than annually) to the Committee a formal written statement delineating all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company. The Committee is responsible for actively engaging in a dialogue with the independent registered public accounting firm with respect to any disclosed relationships or services that may impact the objectivity and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and for taking appropriate action in response to the independent registered public accounting firm s report to satisfy itself of their independence; 

At least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent registered public accounting firm describing: the firm s internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; and to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence, all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company; 

Meet with the independent registered public accounting firm prior to the annual audit to discuss planning and staffing of the audit; 

Review and evaluate the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm, as the basis for a decision to reappoint or replace the independent registered public accounting firm; 

3 

Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by all applicable laws and listing rules; 

Setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

Assure regular rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit, as required by the Act, and consider whether rotation of the independent registered public accounting firm is required to ensure independence; 

Engage in a dialogue with the independent registered public accounting firm to confirm that audit partner compensation is consistent with applicable SEC rules; 

Review and discuss with the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the year-end audit of the Company, including any comments or recommendations of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and, based on such review and discussions and on such other considerations as it determines appropriate, recommend to the Board whether the Company s financial statements should be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

Take, or recommend that the Board take, appropriate action to oversee the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; and 

Monitor compliance by the Company of the employee conflict of interest requirements contained in the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. 

E. Oversee internal audit
coverage. In connection with its oversight responsibilities, the Committee will: 

Review the appointment or replacement of the senior internal auditing executive; 

Review, in consultation with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the senior internal auditing executive, the plan and scope of internal audit activities, and, when deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee, assign additional internal audit projects to appropriate personnel; 

Review the Committee s level of involvement and interaction with the Company s internal audit function, including the Committee s line of authority and role in appointing and compensating employees in the internal audit function; 

Review internal audit activities, budget, compensation and staffing; and 

Review significant reports to management prepared by the internal auditing department and management s responses to such reports. 

F. Receive periodic reports
from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, management and director of the Company s internal auditing
department to assess the impact on the Company of significant accounting or financial reporting developments that may have a bearing on
the Company. 

G. Review with the independent
registered public accounting firm and the senior internal auditing executive the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s accounting
and internal controls policies and procedures and any significant findings and recommendations with respect to such controls. 

4 

H. Review with the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer and independent registered public accounting firm, periodically, the following: 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

I. Resolve any differences
in financial reporting between management and the independent registered public accounting firm. 

J. Establish procedures for
(i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or
auditing matters. 

K. Establish procedures for
the receipt, retention and treatment of reports of evidence of a material violation made by attorneys appearing and practicing before
the SEC in the representation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or reports made by the Company s chief executive officer
in relation thereto. 

L. Discuss policies and guidelines
to govern the process by which risk assessment and risk management is undertaken. 

M. Meet periodically and at
least four times per year with management to review and assess the Company s major financial risk exposures and the manner in which
such risks are being monitored and controlled. 

N. Meet periodically (not
less than annually) in separate executive session with each of the chief financial officer, the senior internal auditing executive, and
the independent registered public accounting firm. 

O. Review and approve all
 related party transactions requiring disclosure under SEC Regulation S-K, Item 404, in accordance with the policy set
forth in Section 7 below. 

P. Review the Company s
policies relating to the ethical handling of conflicts of interest and review past or proposed transactions between the Company and members
of management as well as policies and procedures with respect to officers expense accounts and perquisites, including the use of
corporate assets. The Committee shall consider the results of any review of these policies and procedures by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm. 

Q. Review and approve in advance
any services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm to the Company s executive officers or
members of their immediate family. 

R. Review the Company s
program to monitor compliance with the Company s Code of Conduct, and meet periodically with the Company s Compliance Committee
to discuss compliance with the Code of Conduct. 

S. Establish procedures for
the receipt, retention and treatment of reports of evidence of a material violation made by attorneys appearing and practicing before
the SEC in the representation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or reports made by the Company s chief executive officer
in relation thereto. 

T. Approve reimbursement of
expenses incurred by management in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses. 

U. Review periodically with
the Company s outside legal counsel (i) legal and regulatory matters which may have a material effect on the financial statements,
and (ii) corporate compliance policies or codes of conduct. 

V. As it determines necessary
to carry out its duties, engage and obtain advice and assistance from outside legal, accounting or other advisers, the cost of such independent
expert advisors to be borne by the Company. 

5 

W. Report regularly to the
Board with respect to Committee activities. 

X. Prepare the report of the
Committee required by the rules of the SEC to be included in the proxy statement for each annual meeting. 

Y. Review and reassess annually
the adequacy of this Charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board. 

Z. Monitor compliance, on
a regularly scheduled basis, with the terms of the Company s initial public offering (the Offering and, if any noncompliance
is identified, promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise cause the Company to come into compliance
with the terms of the Offering. 

AA. review with management,
the independent registered accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

BB. Determine the compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management
and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit
report or related work. 

CC. On a quarterly basis,
review and approve all payments made to the Company s existing holders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. 

6. PROCEDURES 

A. 
 Action. 

A majority of the members
of the entire Committee shall constitute a quorum. The Committee shall act on the affirmative vote a majority of members present at a
meeting at which a quorum is present. Without a meeting, the Committee may act by unanimous written consent of all members. However, the
Committee may delegate to one or more of its members the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and non-audit services, provided the
decision is reported to the full Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

B. 
 Fees. 

The Company shall provide
for appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, for payment of compensation: (a) to outside legal, accounting or other advisors
employed by the Committee; and (b) for ordinary administrative expenses of the Committee that are necessary or appropriate in carrying
out its duties. 

C. 
 Limitations. 

While the Committee has the
responsibilities and powers set forth in this Charter, it is not the duty of the Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that
the Company s financial statements are complete and accurate and are in accordance with GAAP. This is the responsibility of management
and the independent registered public accounting firm. 

6 

7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS POLICY. 

A. 
 Definitions. 

A Related Party Transaction 
is any transaction directly or indirectly involving any Related Party that would need to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K. Under Item 404(a), the Company is required to disclose any transaction occurring since the beginning of the Company s last
fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, involving the Company where the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any
related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related Party Transaction also includes any material
amendment or modification to an existing Related Party Transaction. 

Related Party means any of the following: 

a director (which term when used herein includes any director nominee); 

an executive officer; 

a person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common stock (a 5 stockholder ); or 

Immediate family member 
means a child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law,
or sister-in-law of such director, executive officer, nominee for director or beneficial owner, and any person (other than a tenant or
employee) sharing the household of such director, executive officer, nominee for director or beneficial owner. 

B. 
 Identification of Potential Related Party Transactions. 

Related Party Transactions
will be brought to management s and the Board s attention in a number of ways. Each of the Company s directors and executive
officers shall inform the Chairman of the Committee of any potential Related Party Transactions. In addition, each such director and executive
officer shall complete a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential Related Party Transactions. 

Any potential Related Party
Transactions that are brought to the Committee s attention shall be analyzed by the Committee, in consultation with outside counsel
or members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a Related Party
Transaction requiring compliance with this Policy. 

C. 
 Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions. 

At each of its meetings, the
Committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed Related Party Transaction, including the terms of the transaction,
any contractual restrictions that the Company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits to the
Company and to the relevant Related Party. In determining whether to approve a Related Party Transaction, the Committee shall consider,
among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant to the Related Party Transaction: 

whether the terms of the Related Party Transaction are fair to the Company and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a Related Party; 

whether there are business reasons for the Company to enter into the Related Party Transaction; 

whether the Related Party Transaction would impair the independence of an outside director; 

7 

whether the Related Party Transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer of the Company, taking into account the size of the transaction, the overall financial position of the director, executive officer or Related Party, the direct or indirect nature of the director s, executive officer s or Related Party s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed relationship, and any other factors the Committee deems relevant; and 

any pre-existing contractual obligations. 

Any member of the Committee
who has an interest in the transaction under discussion shall abstain from voting on the approval of the Related Party Transaction, but
may, if so requested by the Chairman of the Committee, participate in some or all of the Committee s discussions of the Related
Party Transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction, the Committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the Related
Party Transaction. 

A Related Party Transaction
entered into without pre-approval of the Committee shall not be deemed to violate this Policy, or be invalid or unenforceable, so long
as the transaction is brought to the Committee as promptly as reasonably practical after it is entered into or after it becomes reasonably
apparent that the transaction is covered by this Policy. 

A Related Party Transaction
entered into prior to the effective date of this Charter shall not be required to be reapproved by the Committee. 

8. INVESTIGATIONS AND STUDIES;
OUTSIDE ADVISERS. 

The Committee may conduct
or authorize investigations into or studies of matters within the Committee s scope of responsibilities, and may retain, at the
Company s expense, such independent counsel or other consultants or advisers as it deems necessary. 

While the Committee has the
duties and responsibilities set forth in this charter, the Committee is not responsible for preparing or certifying the financial statements,
for planning or conducting the audit, or for determining whether the Company s financial statements are complete and accurate and
are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

In fulfilling their responsibilities
hereunder, it is recognized that members of the Committee are not full-time employees of the Company, it is not the duty or responsibility
of the Committee or its members to conduct field work or other types of auditing or accounting reviews or procedures or
to set auditor independence standards, and each member of the Committee shall be entitled to rely on (i) the integrity of those persons
and organizations within and outside the Company from which it receives information and (ii) the accuracy of the financial and other
information provided to the Committee absent actual knowledge to the contrary. 

Nothing contained in this
Charter is intended to create, or should be construed as creating, any responsibility or liability of the members of the Committee, except
to the extent otherwise provided under applicable federal or state law. 

8 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 12
 ea021495801ex99-2_foxx.htm
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER

Exhibit 99.2 

FOXX DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER 

The following Compensation
Committee Charter (the Charter was adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board of Foxx Development
Holdings Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the Company ). 

1. Members . The Board
shall appoint the members of the Compensation Committee (the Committee ). The Committee shall be comprised of at least
two directors of the Board, and must be comprised solely of independent directors of the Board who shall also satisfy such
other criteria imposed on members of the Committee pursuant to the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ), the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market or such other national securities
exchange which the Company s securities are then listed (the Principal Market ), any other applicable laws or
regulations, and any additional requirements that the Board deems appropriate. The term independent director means a director
who (i) meets the definition of independence under the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Principal Market, (ii) is
a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
(c) is an outside director under the regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended. Each appointed member of the Committee may be removed by the Board at any time, with or without cause. Unless
the Board elects a Chair of the Committee, the Committee shall elect a Chair by majority vote. Each Committee member shall have one vote. 

2. Purpose . In addition
to such other duties as may be assigned to the Committee by the Board from time to time, the purpose of the Committee is to represent
and assist the Board in (a) discharging its responsibilities for approving and evaluating the officer compensation plans, policies
and programs of the Company, (b) reviewing and recommending to the Board regarding compensation to be provided to the Company s
employees and directors, and (c) implementing and administering the equity compensation plans of the Company. The Committee shall
ensure that the Company s compensation programs are competitive, designed to attract and retain highly qualified directors, officers
and employees, encourage high performance, promote accountability and assure that employee interests are aligned with the interests of
the Company s shareholders. 

3. Duties and Responsibilities .
The Committee shall, among its duties and responsibilities as may be delegated to the Committee by the Board, and in addition to any duties
and responsibilities imparted to the Committee by the SEC or any applicable Principal Market or any other applicable laws or regulations: 

a) Determine,
in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO is not present, the compensation
for the Company s CEO or President, if such person is acting as the CEO. 

b) Review
and determine the compensation of the executive officers of the Company other than the CEO based upon the recommendation of the CEO and
such other customary factors that the Committee deems necessary or appropriate. 

c) Recommend
awards and/or bonuses to be granted to executive officers of the Company under the Company s equity plans and other compensation
or benefit plans or policies as approved by the Board or the Committee. 

d) Approve
the overall amount or percentage of plan and/or bonus awards to be granted to all Company employees and delegate to the Company s
executive management the right and power to specifically grant such awards to each Company employee within the aggregate limits and parameters
set by the Committee. 

e) Review
and evaluate the performance of the CEO and the other executive officers of the Company. 

f) Review
and approve the design of other benefit plans pertaining to executives and employees of the Company. 

g) Prepare
and approve such reports on compensation as are necessary for filing with the SEC and other government bodies, including in the Company s
annual proxy statement. 

h) Review,
recommend to the Board, and administer all plans that require disinterested administration under Rule 16b-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

i) Approve
the amendment or modification of any compensation or benefit plan pertaining to executives or employees of the Company that does not
require shareholder approval. 

j) Review
and recommend to the Board the adoption of or changes to the compensation of the Company s independent directors. 

k) Retain
(at the Company s expense) compensation consultants, legal counsel or other advisors, and obtain assistance from members of management,
in each case, as the Committee deems appropriate in the exercise of its authority. 

l) Establish,
approve, modify and oversee the Company s compensation clawback or similar policies, including a clawback policy that complies
with the requirements of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards, and any required recoupment and disclosure. 

m) Make
reports and recommendations to the Board within the scope of its functions and advise the officers of the Company regarding various personnel
matters as may be raised with the Committee. 

n) Approve
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for the Company s executive
officers and employees. 

o) Review
the form, terms and provisions of employment and similar agreements with the Company s executive officers and any amendments thereto. 

p) To
the extent the same has been adopted, review, at least annually, the compensation philosophy of the Company. 

The powers and responsibilities
delegated by the Board to the Committee in this Charter or otherwise shall be exercised and carried out by the Committee as it deems appropriate
without requirement of Board approval, and any decision made by the Committee (including any decision to exercise or refrain from exercising
any of the powers delegated to the Committee hereunder) shall be at the Committee s sole discretion. While acting within the scope
of the powers and responsibilities delegated to it, the Committee shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Committee shall have the power to determine which matters are within the scope of the powers
and responsibilities delegated to it. To the extent that the Company s securities are not listed or quoted on a Principal Market,
the Committee shall determine which of the aforementioned duties and responsibilities it shall undertake or shall be applicable to the
Committee. 

4. Meetings; Reports .
The Committee will meet as often as it deems necessary or appropriate (but no less than annually), in its judgment, either in person or
telephonically, and at such times and places as the Committee members determine. The majority of the members of the Committee constitutes
a quorum and shall be empowered to act on behalf of the Committee. Minutes will be kept of each meeting of the Committee. The Chairman
of the Committee shall report to the Board following meetings of the Committee and as otherwise requested by the Chairman of the Board.
The Committee shall also make reports and recommendations to the Board within the scope of its functions. 

2 

5. Advisors . The Committee
may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser. The Committee shall
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation consultant, legal counsel and
other adviser retained by the Committee. The Company shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, for payment
of reasonable compensation to a compensation consultant, legal counsel or any other adviser retained by the Committee. 

Before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the Committee shall consider the independence of each
such adviser by taking into account the following factors and any other factors required by the Principal Market or the SEC and corresponding
rules that may be amended from time to time, including any exceptions permitted by such rules: 

(i) the
provision of other services to the Company by the person that employs the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser (the
 Advisory Firm ); 

(ii) the
amount of fees received from the Company by the Advisory Firm, as a percentage of the total revenue of the Advisory Firm; 

(iii) the
policies and procedures of the Advisory Firm or other advisors that are designed to prevent conflicts of interest; 

(iv) any
business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisors with a member of the Committee; 

(v) any
share of the Company owned by the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisors; and 

(vi) any
business or personal relationship of the compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisors or the Advisory Firm. 

6. Review of Charter .
The Committee shall review this Charter at least annually and recommend any changes thereto to the Board. 

7. Self Assessment .
The Committee will annually evaluate the Committee s own performance and report that it has done so to the Board. 

8. Delegation by Committee .
The Committee may delegate authority consistent with this Charter to one or more Committee members or subcommittees comprised of one or
more Committee members when appropriate. Any such member, members or subcommittee shall be subject to this Charter. The decisions of any
such member, members or subcommittees to which authority is delegated under this paragraph shall be presented to the full Committee at
its next regularly scheduled meeting. 

9. Amendment . Any amendment
or other modification of this Charter shall be made and approved by the full Board. 

10. Disclosure of Charter .
If required by the rules of the SEC or any Principal Market, this Charter, as amended from time to time, shall be made available to the
public on the Company s website or filed with the SEC. 

3 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 29
 foxx-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 30
 foxx-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 31
 foxx-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 32
 foxx-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 33
 foxx-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

