<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_1772016_0001772016-24-000108.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9084083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>374373</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2055072</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2717914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2028353</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1745458</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001772016-24-000108.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119131803
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001772016-24-000108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BELLRING BRANDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				873296749
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39093
		FILM NUMBER:		241474809

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-644-6400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001772016-24-000108.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 brbr-20240930.htm
 10-K

brbr-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 29, , the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 Number of shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of November 12, 2024: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 , are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 3 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 70 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are made throughout this report, including statements regarding unanticipated developments that negatively impact our common stock. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified from the use of forward-looking words such as believe, should, could, potential, continue, expect, project, estimate, predict, anticipate, aim, intend, plan, forecast, target, is likely, will, can, may or would or the negative of these terms or similar expressions elsewhere in this report. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on management s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could affect expected results. Those risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 our dependence on sales from our ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes; 
 our ability to continue to compete in our product categories and our ability to retain our market position and favorable perceptions of our brands; 
 disruptions or inefficiencies in our supply chain, including as a result of our reliance on third-party suppliers or manufacturers for the manufacturing of many of our products, pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, labor shortages, fires and evacuations related thereto, changes in weather conditions, natural disasters, agricultural diseases and pests and other events beyond our control; 
 our dependence on third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture of most of our products, including one manufacturer for nearly half of our RTD protein shakes; 
 the ability of our third-party contract manufacturers to produce an amount of our products that enables us to meet customer and consumer demand for the products; 
 our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging; 
 significant volatility in the cost or availability of inputs to our business (including freight, raw materials, packaging, energy, labor and other supplies); 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and introduce new products; 
 consolidation in our distribution channels; 
 our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets; 
 the loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or the bankruptcy of a major customer; 
 legal and regulatory factors, such as compliance with existing laws and regulations, as well as new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations and interpretations thereof, affecting our business, including current and future laws and regulations regarding food safety, advertising, labeling, tax matters and environmental matters; 
 fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality; 
 our ability to maintain the net selling prices of our products and manage promotional activities with respect to our products; 
 ability to obtain additional financing (including both secured and unsecured debt) and our ability to service our outstanding debt (including covenants that restrict the operation of our business); 
 the accuracy of our market data and attributes and related information; 
 changes in critical accounting estimates; 
 uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions that limit customer and consumer demand for our products or increase our costs; 
 risks related to our ongoing relationship with Post Holdings, Inc. Post following our separation from Post and Post s distribution of our stock to its shareholders (the Spin-off ), including our obligations under various agreements with Post; 
 conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests resulting from certain of our directors also serving as officers or directors of Post; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 risks related to the previously completed Spin-off; 
 the ultimate impact litigation or other regulatory matters may have on us; 
 risks associated with our international business; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property and other assets and to continue to use third-party intellectual property subject to intellectual property licenses; 
 costs, business disruptions and reputational damage associated with technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets; 
 our ability to identify, complete and integrate or otherwise effectively execute acquisitions or other strategic transactions and effectively manage our growth; 
 our ability to hire and retain talented personnel, employee absenteeism, labor strikes, work stoppages or unionization efforts; 
 our ability to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 
 significant differences in our actual operating results from any guidance we may give regarding our performance; and 
 other risks and uncertainties included under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including industry and operating risks, financial and economic risks, legal and regulatory risks, risks related to our relationship with Post, risks related to ownership of our Common Stock and certain general risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. Risks that we deem material are described in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 A substantial amount of our net sales comes from our RTD protein shakes, and a decrease in sales of our RTD protein shakes would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We operate in a category with strong competition. 
 Disruption of our supply chain and changes in weather conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are dependent on third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture of most of our products, including one manufacturer for nearly half of our RTD protein shakes. Our business could suffer if we do not continue to contract with key third-party manufacturers or as a result of a third-party contract manufacturer s inability to produce our products for us in the quantities required, on time or to our specifications. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials, the price and availability of ingredients and packaging materials, higher freight costs and higher energy costs could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We must identify changing consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and develop and offer products to meet these preferences. 
 Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain favorable perceptions of our brands. 
 Uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, including during periods of high inflation, could limit consumer and customer demand for our products, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect us. 
 Consolidation in our distribution channels, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may hurt our profit margins. 
 Our sales and profit growth are dependent upon our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets. 
 Loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or bankruptcy of a major customer may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Violations of laws or regulations by us or our third-party contract manufacturers, as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have substantial debt, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position and could adversely affect our business. 
 Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets could be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 United States and global capital and credit market issues, including those that have arisen as a result of heightened inflation, could negatively affect our liquidity, increase our costs of borrowing and disrupt the operations of our suppliers and customers. 
 We have overlapping directors and management with Post, which may lead to conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of Delaware law may discourage or prevent strategic transactions, including a takeover of us, even if such transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 We may be responsible for U.S. federal tax liabilities that relate to the Spin-off. 
 If all or a portion of the Spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction for any reason, including because any of the factual statements or representations in the legal opinions are incomplete or untrue, Post may recognize a substantial 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we may incur indemnification or other liabilities to Post as a result. 
 Pending and future litigation and claims may impair our reputation or lead us to incur significant costs. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional risks. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable and any inability to protect them, or termination of our material intellectual property licenses, could reduce the value of our products and brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we will be required to record impairment charges, which may be significant. 
 If we pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 Actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and our forward-looking statements. 
 We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, temporary workforce disruptions or the inability of our employees to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Distribution, LLC) BellRing was formed in the State of Delaware on October 20, 2021 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Post Holdings, Inc. Post for the purpose of effecting the separation of BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Brands, Inc.) Old BellRing from Post. Under a transaction agreement and plan of merger (the Transaction Agreement that we entered into on October 26, 2021 and amended as of February 28, 2022, with Post, Old BellRing and our subsidiary BellRing Merger Sub Corporation Merger Sub ), Post distributed approximately 80.1 of its interest in us to Post s shareholders and Merger Sub merged with and into Old BellRing, with Old BellRing surviving and becoming our subsidiary. On March 10, 2022, as a result of the completion of the transactions provided for under the Transaction Agreement (including the Separation and Distribution , each defined below), we became a new public holding company and the successor registrant to Old BellRing. In this report, we refer to the transactions undertaken pursuant to the Transaction Agreement as the Spin-off. The Spin-off is described in more detail below. 
 Our Company 
 We are a leader in the global convenient nutrition category, aiming to enhance the lives of our consumers by providing them with nutritious, great-tasting products they can enjoy throughout the day. Our primary brands, Premier Protein and Dymatize , target a broad range of consumers and compete in all major product forms, including ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes and powders. Our products are distributed across a diverse network of channels including club, food, drug and mass FDM ), eCommerce, specialty and convenience. 
 We have organically grown our net sales from million in our year ended September 30, 2022 to million in our year ended September 30, 2024. Over the same period, net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest increased from 116.0 million in our year ended September 30, 2022 to 246.5 million in our year ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Spin-off 
 Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement and in connection with a series of corporate separation transactions, on March 9, 2022, Post contributed to us (i) all of its nonvoting common units of BellRing Brands, LLC BellRing LLC and its sole outstanding share of Old BellRing s Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Old BellRing Class B Common Stock and with Old BellRing s Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Old BellRing Class A Common Stock ), collectively, the Old BellRing Common Stock )) and (ii) 550.4 million in cash, in exchange for Post s right to receive 840.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 Senior Notes due 2030 and limited liability company interests in us (prior to our conversion to a Delaware corporation, as described below). 
 On March 10, 2022, we converted into a Delaware corporation and changed our name to BellRing Brands, Inc. , and Post distributed an aggregate of 78.1 million, or 80.1 , of its shares of our common stock, 0.01 par value per share (the BellRing Common Stock to its shareholders in a pro-rata distribution (the Distribution ). Post shareholders received 1.267788 shares of BellRing Common Stock for every one share of Post common stock held as of the record date for the Distribution. No fractional shares of BellRing Common Stock were issued, and instead, cash in lieu of any fractional shares was paid to Post shareholders. 
 Also on March 10, 2022, upon completion of the Distribution, Merger Sub merged with and into Old BellRing (the Merger ), with Old BellRing continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary. Under the Merger, each outstanding share of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock was converted into one share of BellRing Common Stock and 2.97 in cash, resulting in 115.5 million in total consideration paid t o Old BellRing Class A common stockholders pursuant to the Merger . 
 As a result of the Spin-off, we became the new public parent company of, and successor issuer to, Old BellRing, and shares of our BellRing Common Stock were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. 
 Immediately following the Spin-off, Post owned approximately 14.2 of BellRing Common Stock and the former holders of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock owned approximately 28.5 of BellRing Common Stock. As a result of the Spin-off, the dual class voting structure of Old BellRing was eliminated. As of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, Post had no ownership of BellRing Common Stock. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to BellRing, we, our, us, the Company and our Company refer to (1) Old BellRing and its consolidated subsidiaries during the periods prior to the 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 completion of the Spin-off, including BellRing LLC, Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Premier Nutrition ), Dymatize Enterprises, LLC Dymatize ), Supreme Protein, LLC Supreme Protein ), the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International GmbH Active Nutrition International and (2) us and our consolidated subsidiaries during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off, including, BellRing LLC, Premier Nutrition, Dymatize, Supreme Protein, Active Nutrition International and Premier Nutrition Canada, Inc., in each case, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates. 
 Our History prior to the Spin-off 
 Prior to completion of the Spin-off, and subsequent to Old BellRing s initial public offering (the Old BellRing IPO ), which was completed in October 2019, our subsidiary BellRing LLC was the holder of Post s active nutrition business, which had been comprised of Premier Nutrition, Dymatize, the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International. The members of BellRing LLC were Post and Old BellRing. Old BellRing held the voting membership unit of BellRing LLC (which represented the power to appoint and remove the members of the board of managers of BellRing LLC and no economic interest). Post held one share of the Old BellRing Class B Common Stock, which represented 67 of the voting power of the common stock of Old BellRing, with the holders of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock holding 33 of the voting power. Immediately prior to completion of the Spin-off, Post owned of the economic interests in BellRing LLC, and Old BellRing (and, indirectly, the holders of the Old BellRing Class A Common Stock) owned 28.5 of the economic interests in BellRing LLC. Old BellRing, as a holding company, had no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing LLC. 
 Post had acquired the businesses that comprised its active nutrition business in a series of transactions during 2013, 2014 and 2015. In its fiscal year ended September 30, 2013, Post acquired Premier Nutrition Corporation, which, at the time, was a marketer and distributor of high-quality protein shakes and nutrition bars under the Premier Protein brand and nutritional supplements under the Joint Juice brand. Effective September 30, 2019, Premier Nutrition Corporation converted to a limited liability company and changed its corporate name to Premier Nutrition Company, LLC. 
 In its fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, Post acquired Dymatize, which, at the time, was a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality protein powders and nutritional supplements under the Dymatize brand and nutrition bars under the Supreme Protein brand. 
 In its fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, Post acquired the PowerBar brand and Active Nutrition International (then known as Powerbar Europe GmbH). The PowerBar brand was founded in 1986. 
 Our Organizational Structure 
 As a result of the Spin-off: 
 We became the new public parent company of, and successor issuer to, Old BellRing, and shares of our BellRing Common Stock were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. 
 Old BellRing is our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 All of our membership interests in BellRing LLC were contributed to Old BellRing and Old BellRing is the sole equity member of BellRing LLC. 
 Immediately following the Spin-off, Post owned 19,397,339 shares, or approximately 14.2 , of BellRing Common Stock. On August 11, 2022, Post disposed of 14,800,000 shares of BellRing Common Stock, and on November 25, 2022, Post disposed of its remaining 4,597,339 shares of BellRing Common Stock. Post had no ownership of BellRing Common Stock as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 See Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this report and Notes 1 and 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report for more information about the Spin-off. 
 Our Industry 
 We operate in the global convenient nutrition category, a rapidly-growing and on-trend category within the food and beverage industry. The U.S. is our primary market and is the largest and most developed market in the world for our category. We believe the U.S. convenient nutrition category can be broken down into four key consumer need states as defined by our management: everyday nutrition, adult nutrition, sports nutrition and weight management. 
 While we believe most brands in the convenient nutrition category are positioned to appeal to consumers primarily in one need state, Premier Protein has developed brand equities and product value propositions to appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. We primarily compete in the everyday nutrition and sports nutrition consumer need states, but also appeal to the adult nutrition and weight management consumer need states. We define everyday nutrition as nutritious products that can be 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 consumed throughout the day as part of a healthy lifestyle. Our Dymatize brand is focused primarily on sports nutrition, which we define as consumers looking to supplement sports endurance and body building needs. 
 Brand Overview 
 Our primary brands, based on fiscal 2024 sales, are Premier Protein and Dymatize . Together our brands cover the major product forms in the convenient nutrition category and appeal to a broad range of consumer need states. Our percentage of net sales by brand for our year ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: Premier Protein , 85.4 ; Dymatize , 12.4 ; and other, 2.2 . 
 Two product forms accounted for the substantial majority of our fiscal 2024 net sales. In our year ended September 30, 2024, RTD protein shakes were 81.1 of our net sales, and powders were 16.4 of our net sales. 
 Premier Protein 
 Our largest brand, Premier Protein , is a leading mainstream, lifestyle brand. Premier Protein s product portfolio consists primarily of RTD protein shakes and protein powders. Premier Protein s flagship RTD protein shakes are available in diverse flavors and contain 30 grams of protein and 160 calories. They are gluten- and soy-free, low in sugar and fat and fortified with vitamins and minerals. Our RTD protein shakes are formulated to deliver great-tasting, leading protein levels while maintaining one of the leanest nutritional profiles in the category (as measured by sugar and calorie content). Premier Protein s powder portfolio consists primarily of 100 whey protein products. We believe the product profile appeals to consumers across age ranges in all four need states. 
 Dymatize 
 Our Dymatize brand is a market leader targeting fitness enthusiasts who value the brand for its science-based product development, athletic performance focus and great taste. The brand s portfolio includes an assortment of sports nutrition products, including protein powders. The majority of Dymatize s sales are generated through protein powders. Our protein powder portfolio consists of three primary products: ISO.100 made with hydrolyzed 100 Whey Protein Isolate, Elite 100 Whey and Super Mass Gainer. ISO.100 , the brand s flagship product, has a global reach with sales in more than seventy-five countries. In addition to ISO.100 , Dymatize offers a suite of products to meet the needs of athletes. 
 Our Customers 
 Our customers are predominantly club stores, FDM retailers, online retailers, specialty retailers, convenience stores and distributors. We sell our products domestically and in more than ninety countries globally. Our U.S. business represented 89.2 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2024, and our international business represented 10.8 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2024. 
 Our largest customers, Walmart (which includes its affiliates, including Sam s Club), Costco and Amazon, accounted for approximately 74.8 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2024. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our fiscal 2024 net sales. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 
 In the U.S., we utilize a direct sales force in multiple channels, including club, FDM, convenience, specialty and eCommerce. We also sell through a broker network for customers in the convenience, grocery and mass channels, and through distributors for the specialty channel. In international markets, we sell our products through a combination of direct sales to retailers and to third-party distributors. We utilize a direct sales force in key markets in Western Europe for multiple channels, including specialty, FDM and eCommerce. We also sell through distributors in the specialty channel. 
 We maintain a dedicated multi-faceted and consumer-driven marketing strategy for each of our primary brands, tailoring initiatives to each brand s target audience. Each of our brands maintains a presence across all major social media platforms. 
 Premier Protein . Premier Protein s marketing strategy is aimed at accelerating the brand s positioning as a lifestyle brand for mainstream consumers. Premier Protein s marketing initiatives are focused on increasing awareness to drive product trial and adoption as well as expanding household penetration among this group of consumers. Premier Protein employs a broad media strategy, which includes digital media, search marketing, television, in-store marketing and demos and online dedicated programming. As part of its marketing strategy, Premier Protein leverages its fans enthusiasm for the brand to spread the word of our products. The brand utilizes an influencer marketing program called Premier Shakers that leverages micro-influencers, content creators and top-tier influencers to generate further awareness of Premier Protein . 
 Dymatize . Dymatize s marketing strategy is focused on retailer-specific programs, online and specialty print media and social media. Social media is a high-touch medium that resonates with Dymatize s core fitness-focused consumers. The brand also utilizes a social media influencer model, the Squad, engaging with athletes. This team promotes product usage via personal social media channels to drive awareness for the brand among its target demographic. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our products are distributed through a network of third-party common carriers. 
 Research and Development 
 We continue to improve and expand our product offerings with new flavors, ingredients, packaging, product forms and process development technologies. We leverage our dedicated market research, consumer insights and innovation teams, supplemented by leading design firms, product development companies, third-party flavor houses and consultants. 
 Supply Chain 
 Raw Materials . Raw materials used in our business consist of ingredients and packaging materials purchased from local, regional and international suppliers. Our principal ingredients include milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. We purchase our raw materials in accordance with rigorous standards to assure food quality and safety. Supply availability and prices paid for raw materials can fluctuate widely due to external factors, such as economic climate, commodity market prices, pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, weather conditions, labor disputes, governmental programs, regulations and trade and tariff policies, industry consolidation, energy shortages, transportation delays, currency fluctuations and other unforeseen circumstances. During fiscal 2024, inflationary pressures on protein costs eased while other costs, such as packaging and manufacturing, continued to face inflationary pressures. We continuously monitor supply and cost trends of these raw materials to enable us to obtain ingredients and packaging needed for our products. 
 Under the terms of an agreement with a significant protein powder supplier, Premier Nutrition is required to purchase a minimum periodic volume of protein powder and has the right (but not the obligation) to order quantities in excess of such minimum amount provided the supplier has the capacity and the ability to produce such additional quantities. The agreement also contains detailed provisions regarding the product specifications and quality standards for the raw materials to be provided by the supplier, the rights of a party in the event the other party does not comply with its obligations under the agreement and other customary contractual terms and conditions. The agreement expires on June 30, 2028. 
 Energy. Electricity and steam are used in the facilities that manufacture our products. In addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. 
 Manufacturing . We primarily engage third-party contract manufacturers in North America and the European Union (the E.U. ). to produce our products. We receive products from our third-party contract manufacturers for an agreed-upon tolling charge for each item produced as well as other minor costs. Most of our relationships with our contract manufacturing partners include minimum volume commitments, whereby the third-party contract manufacturer has committed to produce, and we have committed to purchase, a minimum quantity of product. We own a manufacturing plant in Voerde, Germany that supplies nutrition bars and gels primarily for the E.U., Switzerland and the United Kingdom (the U.K. ). 
 We regularly monitor the capacity and performance of our third-party contract manufacturing partners and suppliers and qualify new contract manufacturing partners and suppliers as needed. Given the growth profile of our primary products, we continuously plan for incremental capacity, including adding a new third-party contract manufacturing partner in fiscal 2024 and expanding production with our existing third-party contract manufacturing partners, and review additional strategic alternatives to support our business. 
 From three separate and geographically diverse manufacturing locations, our largest third-party contract manufacturer provided approximately 47.7 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply for our year ended September 30, 2024. Under the terms of a manufacturing agreement with the third-party contract manufacturer, Premier Nutrition is required to purchase a minimum quarterly order volume of RTD protein shakes and has the right (but not the obligation) to order quantities in excess of a monthly minimum amount provided the third-party contract manufacturer has the capacity and the ability to produce such additional quantities. In addition, under the terms of the manufacturing agreement, the third-party contract manufacturer has committed to produce a quarterly minimum volume of RTD protein shakes. The manufacturing agreement also contains detailed provisions regarding the product specifications and quality standards for the products to be manufactured and packaged by the third-party contract manufacturer, the tolling charges for each item produced (and certain other costs) to be paid by Premier Nutrition (and related payment terms), shipping and storage obligations, the rights of a party in the event the other party does not comply with its obligations under the manufacturing agreement and other customary contractual terms and conditions. This agreement expires on December 31, 2027. 
 We regularly evaluate our contract manufacturing arrangements to ensure the cost-effective manufacturing of our products. We select our manufacturing partners based on expertise, quality, cost and location. Our quality assurance team frequently monitors manufacturing partners to ensure our partners meet our rigorous processing and quality standards, detailed in our Quality Expectations Manual, including requirements for third-party certification of Good Manufacturing Practices. Our owned 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 production plant in Voerde, Germany is additionally certified to one of the international Food Safety Standards (FSSC 22.000, IFS or BRC), SMETA 4-pillars (Labour, Environment, Health and Safety, Business Ethics) and ISO 45001 (Health and Safety). 
 Distribution . In North America, our products typically are shipped directly from our contract manufacturing partners to a network of third-party warehouses. Products are distributed from third-party warehouses to customer distribution centers or retail stores or are exported by our distribution partners to international customers. Occasionally, we ship products directly from our third-party contract manufacturers to our customers distribution centers. 
 We maintain one third-party warehouse location in Germany, which receives products from our production facility located in Voerde, Germany or directly from our third-party contract manufacturers. Our branded products are distributed from third-party warehouses to customer distribution centers or retail stores or are exported to international customers. 
 Competition 
 The convenient nutrition category in which we operate is highly competitive and highly sensitive to both pricing and promotion. We compete with other brands, including private label and store brand products, and with many nutritional food and beverage players. We have numerous competitors of varying sizes, including manufacturers of other branded food and beverage products, as well as manufacturers of private label products. Some of our competitors have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than us. Competition in our industry is based on, among other things, product quality, taste, functional benefits, nutritional value and ingredients, convenience, brand loyalty and positioning, product variety, product packaging, shelf space, price, promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy dynamic, emerging consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in our industry include strong and impactful marketing to build awareness of our products, effective customer relationship management, category insights, superior product quality and food safety, product innovation, an efficient supply chain and competitive pricing. We expect the industry we operate in to remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and earnings before interest and taxes EBIT because of consumer spending patterns and timing of our key retailers promotional activity. Historically, our first fiscal quarter is seasonally low for net sales for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season. Sales are typically higher throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as a result of stronger consumer demand in the second quarter of our fiscal year, promotional activity at key retailers and organic growth of the business. Seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and EBIT may not be the same in the future as they have been historically. 
 Trademarks and Intellectual Property 
 We own or have licenses to use a number of trademarks that are critical to the success of our business. Our key trademarks include BellRing , BellRing Brands , Premier Protein , Premier Nutrition , Dymatize , ISO.100 and PowerBar , each of which we own, as well as trademarks that we license from third parties, such as Pebbles and Dunkin . Our owned trademarks are, in most cases, protected through registration in the U.S. or Germany, as well as in many other countries where the related brands or products are sold. We also own, or have applications pending, for several patents in the U.S. and other countries. While our patent portfolio as a whole is material to our business, no one patent or group of related patents is material to our business. In addition, we have copyrights, proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-how processes and other intellectual property rights that are not registered. 
 We rely on a combination of trademark law, copyright law, trade secrets, non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and provisions in agreements and other measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights to our products, packaging, processes and intellectual property. 
 Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local governmental entities and agencies in the U.S., as well as similar regulations in Canada, Mexico, Europe and other international locations, including food safety laws, labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, consumer protection regulations, worker health and safety regulations, environmental laws and regulations and other laws and regulations. 
 Our products are regulated in the U.S. either as food or dietary supplements, which internationally may be regulated as pharmaceuticals or other health food categories. As a producer and distributor of goods for human consumption, we must comply with stringent production, storage, recordkeeping, distribution, labeling and marketing standards established by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA ), the Federal Trade Commission and state and local agencies in the U.S. We also must comply with standards established by similar regulatory agencies in Canada, Mexico, the E.U. and elsewhere. In addition, some of our products are produced and marketed under contract as part of special certification programs such as organic, kosher or non-GMO, and must comply with the strict standards of federal, state 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 and third-party certifying organizations. Products that do not meet regulatory or third-party standards may be considered adulterated or misbranded and subject to withdrawal or recall. Additionally, following the adoption of the Food Safety Modernization Act in the U.S. and the Safe Foods for Canadians Act in Canada, the FDA and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency are implementing additional regulations focused on prevention of food contamination, more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities, increased record-keeping and improved tracing of food. 
 Our manufacturing facility in Germany is subject to certain safety regulations, including the German Occupational Safety and Health Regulation. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. Additionally, some of the food commodities on which our business relies are subject to governmental agricultural programs (e.g., subsidies and import/export regulations), which have substantial effects on the prices and supplies of these commodities. 
 In addition, our operations are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations regarding data privacy, data protection and data security, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the E.U. s retained law version of the General Data Protection Regulation, the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, each of which applies to certain aspects of our business and regulate how businesses collect, use and protect personal information obtained from data subjects. As a company with international operations, we also are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and other countries related to anti-corruption, antitrust and competition and economic sanctions. 
 Our business also is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters, including air quality, wastewater and storm water management, waste handling and disposal and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the U.S., the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act Proposition 65 ), among others. Internationally, our operations, including our manufacturing facility in Germany, are subject to local and national regulations similar to those applicable to us in the U.S. We have made, and will continue to make, expenditures to ensure compliance with environmental regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 We have approximately 485 employees as of November 1, 2024. Of these employees, approximately 315 are in the U.S., approximately 160 are in Germany and approximately 10 are in other countries. Our people are critical to our success and we prioritize providing a safe, rewarding and respectful workplace where our people are provided with opportunities to pursue career paths based on skills, performance and mindset. We adhere to our Code of Conduct, which sets forth a commitment to our stakeholders, including our employees, to operate with integrity and mutual respect. 
 Health and Safety 
 We are committed to maintaining a healthy and safe workplace for our employees. In our Voerde, Germany manufacturing facility, we have a comprehensive safety and risk management system in place that incorporates rigorous safety standards and practices, employee and leadership training to ensure consistent implementation of our safety protocols and periodic internal and external audits to evaluate our compliance with these policies. 
 Talent Acquisition, Development, Engagement and Retention 
 Acquiring, developing, engaging and retaining a diverse and talented workforce is key to accomplishing our goals and achieving business results. 
 Our talent acquisition processes include diversity training for recruiters and employee training on interview skills and processes to improve our candidate selection process. For candidate selection roundtables, we have a trained, disinterested employee sit in to help mitigate any instances of bias in the selection discussion. We have also expanded outreach to diverse candidate pools and career fairs to enable us to reach a wider audience of candidates, as well as expanding our lens on hiring people from non-traditional backgrounds or career paths. 
 Providing development opportunities and resources for our employees is another key factor in our human capital strategy. We offer a variety of training and development programs and platforms for employees at all levels of our organization, including monthly development trainings for all employees along with separate interactive trainings for people leaders of all levels. 
 We check in with our employees through regular engagement surveys, small group and one-on-one discussions and then we act on those survey and discussion results, as appropriate. Employee-led groups, opportunities to participate in informal wellness activities and philanthropic work are informed by what issues our employees identify as important to them. We measure our progress and take additional actions, as needed. We communicate transparently with our employees about the organization to keep our employees informed and highly engaged. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We connect our employees to our values and culture by conducting periodic two-day in-person workshops where they can learn about, discuss and engage with these topics to more fully appreciate our unique culture. In addition, we invite esteemed speakers to our Emeryville offices, as well as partnering with outside experts to engage our employees in an interactive workshop format to further drive engagement with timely workplace initiatives. 
 We strive to develop and implement compensation and benefits policies and programs that support our business goals, benchmark and maintain competitiveness, promote shared fiscal responsibility among the Company and our employees, strategically align talent within our organization and reward performance, while also managing the costs of such policies and programs. We provide our employees with competitive fixed and/or variable pay and, for eligible employees, we currently provide access to medical, dental and life insurance benefits, disability coverage, a 401(k) plan and employee assistance programs - including mental health - among other benefits. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 We recognize the importance of a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture for our employees and are committed to creating an inclusive environment that reflects the communities in which we live and work that creates belonging. We have implemented initiatives to track and improve our performance in these areas. We also provide interactive anti-harassment and diversity training for both supervisory and non-supervisory employees taught by outside experts. Our Board of Directors receives periodic updates regarding our diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging efforts. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 We recognize the importance of Environmental, Social and Governance ESG issues for all of our stakeholders and we are committed to incorporating ESG principles into our business strategies and organizational culture. The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors provides direction with respect to the evolving priorities of our ESG initiatives and receives quarterly reports with respect to the progress the Company is making against its objectives. We have an Executive Sustainability Steering Committee comprised of senior leaders within our organization, which provides guidance on goals and strategies and makes recommendations on disclosure and reporting guidelines. We also have a Sustainability Operations Committee comprised of technical experts within key business functions that meets regularly to implement programs and track progress on key objectives. We report to our stakeholders with respect to the results of our ESG initiatives on an annual basis, with our fourth annual Impact Report being published online later this year. 
 Additional Information 
 We make available, free of charge, through our website (www.bellring.com) reports we file with, or furnish to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our annual reports on Forms 10-K, quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, current reports on Forms 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site containing these reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charters of the Audit and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees of our Board of Directors also are available on our website, where they can be printed free of charge. All of these documents also are available to stockholders at no charge upon request sent to BellRing s corporate secretary (2503 S. Hanley Road, St. Louis, Missouri 63144-2503, Telephone: 314-644-7600). The information and other content contained on our website are not part of (or incorporated by reference in) this report or any other document we file with the SEC. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of November 19, 2024: 
 Robert V. Vitale , age 58, has served as our Executive Chairman since September 2019. Mr. Vitale has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Post, and a member of Post s board of directors, since November 2014 and is a member of the board of directors of 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc., a private brand-centric consumer products holding company owned by Post and other third parties. Previously, Mr. Vitale served as Chief Financial Officer of Post from October 2011 until November 2014. Mr. Vitale has served on the board of directors of Energizer Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded manufacturer and distributor of primary batteries, portable lights and auto care appearance, performance, refrigerant and fragrance products, since August 2017. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AHM Financial Group, LLC, a diversified provider of insurance brokerage and wealth management services, from 2006 until 2011 and previously was a partner of Westgate Equity Partners, LLC, a consumer-oriented private equity firm. Mr. Vitale earned his undergraduate degree from St. Louis University and his MBA from Washington University. 
 Darcy H. Davenport , age 51, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2019 and has served as a member of our Board of Directors since the completion of our initial public offering (the IPO ). Until the completion of 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 the IPO, Ms. Davenport served as President of Post s active nutrition business since October 2017 and as President of Premier Nutrition, which became a subsidiary of BellRing Inc. upon completion of our IPO, since November 2016. Ms. Davenport previously served as General Manager of Premier Nutrition from October 2014 to November 2016 and Vice President of Marketing from October 2011 to October 2014. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Ms. Davenport served as Director of Brand Marketing at Joint Juice, Inc., a liquid dietary supplement manufacturer, from May 2009 to October 2011, when it combined with Premier Nutrition. Ms. Davenport has served as a member of the board of directors of Blentech Corporation, a company focusing on developing custom-made, food processing solutions including equipment, integrated systems and software, since January 2010. Ms. Davenport earned her undergraduate degree from Princeton University and her MBA from New York University s Leonard N. Stern School of Business. 
 Douglas J. Cornille , age 52, has served as Chief Growth Officer of Premier Nutrition, a subsidiary of ours, since November 2021. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Marketing of Premier Nutrition since July 2015. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Mr. Cornille was Brand Director at Clif Bar Company, a manufacturer of various food products, from August 2011 to July 2015 and was Senior Brand Manager at Dreyer s Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer of ice cream and frozen yogurt, from September 2003 to August 2011. Mr. Cornille earned his undergraduate degree from Rhodes College and attended Oxford University, St. John s College. Mr. Cornille earned his MBA from Duke University - The Fuqua School of Business. 
 Marc S. Mollere, age 57, has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of International of Premier Nutrition, a subsidiary of ours, since 2020. Prior to that, he served as General Manager and Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Dymatize Enterprises, also a subsidiary of ours, since 2011. Prior to joining Dymatize Enterprises, Mr. Mollere was Corporate Vice President and Vice President of Sales of Henkel North America, a beauty care and laundry home care consumer business, from 2006 to 2011. Mr. Mollere earned his BS in Marketing from Sam Houston State University. 
 Paul A. Rode , age 54, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2019 and serves as our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Mr. Rode served as Chief Financial Officer of Post s active nutrition business from May 2015 until the completion of our IPO and as Chief Financial Officer of Consumer Brands, a prior reporting segment of Post, from November 2014 to May 2015. Mr. Rode previously served as Vice President, Finance of Post from January 2014 to November 2014 and Vice President, Corporate Development of Post from October 2013 to January 2014. Prior to joining Post, Mr. Rode served as Vice President, Corporate Controller of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc., which was a publicly traded consumer products company and the former parent company of Post, from February 2010 to September 2013. Mr. Rode earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Kentucky and his MBA from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. 
 Craig L. Rosenthal , age 53, has served as our Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary since September 2023 and, prior to that, served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since August 2019. Prior to joining BellRing, Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch Blackwell LLP from May 2019 to August 2019. From January 2018 to May 2019, while complying with the terms of a non-competition agreement entered into with a previous employer that expired in March 2019, Mr. Rosenthal provided legal counsel regarding business transactions to small businesses and individuals. Mr. Rosenthal served as Senior Vice President-Law and Assistant Secretary at Altice USA, Inc., a publicly traded broadband communications and video services provider, from June 2016 to December 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Rosenthal was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Cequel Communications, LLC dba Suddenlink Communications, a telecommunications and technology company, from 2005 to June 2016, when it was acquired by Altice USA, Inc. Previously, Mr. Rosenthal was an attorney at Husch Eppenberger LLC (now Husch Blackwell LLP). Mr. Rosenthal earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Missouri-Columbia and juris doctorate from Washington University School of Law. 
 Robin Singh, age 55, has served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Premier Nutrition, a subsidiary of ours, since March 2019. Prior to joining Premier Nutrition, Mr. Singh held various senior leadership positions at Mondelez International, Inc., a publicly traded multinational snack food company, from 1996 until March 2019, including Vice President of Operations from July 2018 to March 2019, Director of Supply Chain Strategy and Supply Chain Reinvention North America from February 2016 to July 2018, and Director of Supply Planning North America from January 2014 to January 2016. Mr. Singh received his Honors Bachelor of Science from the University of Guelph, Ontario and a certificate in the Ivey Operations Program from the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the information discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although the risks below are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Industry and Operating Risks 
 A substantial amount of our net sales comes from our RTD protein shakes, and a decrease in sales of our RTD protein shakes would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A substantial amount of our net sales is derived from our RTD protein shakes. Sales of our RTD protein shakes represented approximately 81.1 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2024. We believe that sales of our RTD protein shakes will continue to constitute a substantial amount of our net sales for the foreseeable future. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be harmed by a decline in the market for our RTD protein shakes, increased competition in the market for those products, disruptions in our ability to produce those products, whether due to manufacturer inability, supply chain failures or otherwise, or our failure or inability to provide sufficient investment to support and market those products as needed to maintain or grow their competitive position or to achieve more widespread market acceptance. 
 We operate in a category with strong competition. 
 The convenient nutrition category in which we operate is highly competitive. We compete with other brands in the convenient nutrition category and with many nutritional food and beverage players, as well as manufacturers of private label and store brand products. Many of our competitors offer products similar to our products, or a wider range of products than we offer, and may offer their products at more competitive prices than we do. Competition in our industry is based on, among other things, product quality, taste, functional benefits, nutritional value and ingredients, convenience, brand loyalty and positioning, product variety, product packaging, shelf space, price, promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy dynamic, emerging consumer preferences. Some of our principal competitors have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than we have. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a shift in consumer preferences to competitors products, could result in us reducing pricing, increasing marketing or other expenditures or losing market share. Competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase our prices, including in response to cost increases. Our profits could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. In addition, our competitors are increasingly using social media networks and digital media platforms to advertise products. If we are unable to use social media and digital media platforms effectively to advertise our products, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Disruption of our supply chain and changes in weather conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our ability to make, move and sell products in coordination with our suppliers, third-party contract manufacturers and distributors is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our collective supply, manufacturing or distribution capabilities resulting from weather, freight carrier availability, any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, governmental restrictions or mandates, labor shortages, border closures, freight carrier availability, agricultural diseases, fires or evacuations related thereto, explosions, cyber incidents, terrorism, strikes or other labor unrest, repairs or enhancements at facilities manufacturing or delivering our products or other reasons could impair our ability to source inputs or manufacture, sell or timely deliver our products. During fiscal 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic impacted our operations, including causing disruptions in our supply chain. 
 Changes in weather conditions and natural disasters, such as fires, floods, droughts, frosts, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, insect infestations and plant disease, also may affect the cost and supply of commodities used as raw materials, including milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Further, as we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers to provide certain ingredients and packaging materials, and one supplier for the majority of our milk-based protein, adverse events affecting such suppliers may limit our ability to obtain such raw materials, or alternatives for these raw materials, at competitive prices, or at all. For example, for our year ended September 30, 2024, approximately 47.7 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply came from our largest third-party contract manufacturer, with approximately 28.9 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply manufactured at a single facility. In addition, production of the RTD protein shakes in the 11 ounce size by our third-party contract manufacturers requires packaging that we currently are sourcing from only one supplier, and equipment that our third-party contract manufacturers are currently sourcing from the same supplier. Our supply of packaging for our 11 ounce Premier Protein RTD protein shakes from this supplier comes primarily from three of its locations. Further, a majority of production of our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes in the 11.5 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ounce size are currently sourced from a single facility of a third-party contract manufacturer. Competitors can be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. 
 We are dependent on third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture of most of our products, including one manufacturer for nearly half of our RTD protein shakes. Our business could suffer if we do not continue to contract with key third-party manufacturers or as a result of a third-party contract manufacturer s inability to produce our products for us in the quantities required, on time or to our specifications. 
 All of our RTD protein shakes and most of our other products are manufactured by independent third-party contract manufacturers. For our year ended September 30, 2024, approximately 47.7 of our Premier Protein RTD shake supply came from a single manufacturer and approximately 28.9 from a single facility of that manufacturer. Further, a majority of production of our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes in the 11.5 ounce size are currently sourced from a single facility of a third-party contract manufacturer. Although we have added additional third-party contract manufacturers of our Premier Protein RTD shakes to our third-party contract manufacturing network, if one or more of our third-party contract manufacturers is unable to meet our supply requirements, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In fiscal 2019, a former third-party contract manufacturer that we had expected to produce less than 10 of our RTD protein shakes for that year did not produce as we expected, which resulted in our termination of our agreement with it. Also, if we experience significant increases in demand for our products, as we did beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2023, we and these third-party contract manufacturers may not be able to obtain in a timely manner the equipment, ingredients or packaging materials required to manufacture our products and allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements, fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards. Further, as we did in fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024, we may experience operational difficulties with any of these third-party contract manufacturers, such as limitations on production capacity, failure to meet our quantity requirements, including as a result of pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, increases in manufacturing costs, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control and failure to meet production deadlines. We have had to limit our stock-keeping units SKUs and place one or more of our products on allocation. In addition, we rely in part on our third-party contract manufacturers to maintain the quality of our products. The failure or inability of our third-party contract manufacturers to comply with the specifications and requirements of our products could result in product withdrawal or recall, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and subject us to significant liability should the consumption of any of our products cause or be claimed to cause illness or physical harm. For example, in fiscal 2022, a third-party manufacturer that produced less than 2 of our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes initiated a recall of all products manufactured in one of its facilities, including our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes. The inability of third-party contract manufacturers to ship orders in a timely manner, in desirable quantities or to meet our safety, quality and social compliance standards or regulatory requirements could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, our business could be adversely affected if any of these third parties fail to comply with governmental regulations applicable to the manufacturing of our products or if any of these third parties cease doing business with us or go out of business. 
 Certain of our relationships with these third parties are subject to minimum volume commitments, whereby the third-party contract manufacturer has committed to produce, and we have committed to purchase, a minimum quantity of product, and we or the contract manufacturer may alternatively pay the other a mostly fixed amount rather than produce or purchase the minimum quantities. Despite the minimum volume commitments, we may nonetheless experience situations where such manufacturers are unable to fulfill their minimum volume obligations under our agreements or cannot produce sufficient amounts of product to meet consumer demand. For example, due to (i) better than expected volume growth for our Premier Protein RTD shakes and Dymatize powders in fiscal 2022 and, as to Premier Protein RTD shakes in fiscal 2023, (ii) delays in production and planned incremental production capacity by our third-party contract manufacturer network and (iii) in the case of Dymatize powders, whey protein availability, our customer demand exceeded our available capacity and resulted in Premier Protein RTD shakes and Dymatize powders inventories below acceptable levels during fiscal 2021 and Premier Protein RTD shakes inventories below acceptable levels in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 and into fiscal 2024. If we need to replace an existing third-party contract manufacturer, our products may not be available when required on acceptable terms, or at all. Also, if demand for our products is significantly below our expectations, we may be obligated to pay penalties to our third-party contract manufacturers for failing to purchase contracted minimum purchase quantities. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials, the price and availability of ingredients and packaging materials, higher freight costs and higher energy costs could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers to provide certain equipment, ingredients and packaging materials used in our business. The primary ingredients used in our business include milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends, and one supplier provides the majority of our milk-based protein. The supply and price of these ingredients are subject to market conditions and are influenced by many factors beyond our control, including inflation and increased demand, labor shortages, animal feed costs, weather patterns affecting ingredient 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 production, governmental programs and regulations and pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases. Our milk-based protein costs have increased and may continue to increase due to factors such as inflation and increased demand, labor shortages, animal feed costs, weather patterns affecting ingredient production, governmental programs and regulations and pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases,. Our primary packaging materials include aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. We utilize a sole supplier for the aseptic packaging for, and our third-party contract manufacturers use equipment from the same sole supplier to manufacture, our Premier Protein RTD shakes in the 11 ounce size. Although we maintain relationships with suppliers with the objective of ensuring that we have adequate sources for the supply of such ingredients and packaging materials, increases in demand for such items, both within our industry and in general, can result in shortages and higher costs. Our suppliers may not be able to meet our delivery schedules, we may lose a significant or sole supplier, a supplier may not be able to meet performance and quality specifications and we may not be able to purchase such items at a competitive cost. Further, the supply and price of these inputs are subject to market conditions and are impacted by many factors beyond our control, including inflation and increased demand, labor shortages, weather conditions, natural disasters, governmental programs, regulations and trade and tariff policies and pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases. Our freight costs have increased and may continue to increase due to factors such as inflation and increased demand, labor shortages, increased fuel costs, limited carrier availability, increased compliance costs associated with new or changing government regulations, pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases. Higher prices for natural gas, propane, electricity and fuel also may increase our ingredient, production and delivery costs. Historically, the prices of certain of our raw materials, energy and other supplies used in our business have fluctuated widely. In addition, we have experienced shortages of certain of our raw materials, which result in us paying increased costs for such inputs and impact our ability to produce our products. 
 The prices charged for our products may not reflect changes in our input costs at the time they occur, or at all. Accordingly, changes in input costs may limit our ability to maintain existing margins and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we try to manage the impact of increases in certain of these costs by locking in prices on quantities required to meet our anticipated production requirements, if we fail, or are unable, to hedge and prices subsequently increase, or if we institute a hedge and prices subsequently decrease, our costs may be greater than anticipated or greater than our competitors costs, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Certain of our relationships with third-party ingredient and packaging suppliers are subject to minimum volume commitments, whereby the third-party supplier has committed to sell, and we have committed to purchase, minimum quantities and we or, in some cases the third-party supplier, may alternatively pay the other a mostly fixed amount rather than sell or purchase the minimum quantities. Despite the minimum volume commitments, we may nonetheless experience situations where such third-party suppliers are unable to fulfill their minimum volume obligations under our agreements or cannot provide sufficient amounts ingredients or packaging to meet consumer demand for our products. If we need to replace an existing third-party supplier, our products may not be available when required on acceptable terms, or at all. Also, if demand for our products is significantly below our expectations, we may be obligated to pay penalties to our third-party suppliers for failing to purchase contracted minimum purchase quantities. 
 We must identify changing consumer and customer preferences and behaviors and develop and offer products to meet these preferences. 
 Consumer and customer preferences and behaviors evolve over time due to a variety of factors. The success of our business depends on our ability to identify these changing preferences and behaviors, to distinguish between short-term trends and long-term changes in such preferences and behaviors, and to continue to develop and offer products that appeal to consumers and customers through the sales channels that they prefer. Consumer preference and behavior changes include dietary trends, attention to different nutritional aspects of foods and beverages, acceptance and the use of weight management medication, consumer in-home and on-the-go consumption patterns, preferences for certain sales channels, concerns regarding the health effects of certain foods and beverages, attention to sourcing practices relating to ingredients, animal welfare concerns, environmental concerns regarding packaging and attention to other social and governance aspects of our Company and operations. Several of our customers have announced goals to transition to recyclable, compostable or reusable packaging. These changing preferences and requirements could require us to use specially sourced ingredients and packaging types that may be more difficult to source or entail a higher cost or incremental capital investment which we may not be able to pass on to customers. 
 Consumers are increasingly shopping through eCommerce websites and mobile commerce applications and this trend is significantly altering the retail landscape in our category. If we are unable to effectively compete in the expanding eCommerce market or develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights, our business performance may be impacted, which may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Emerging science and theories regarding health are constantly evolving, and products or methods of eating once considered healthy may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer be perceived as healthy. Approaches regarding healthy lifestyles also are the subject of numerous studies and publications, often with differing views and opinions, some of which may be adverse to us. The growing acceptance and use of medication to manage weight could negatively affect the demand for many types of food in general, including our products. In order to respond to new and evolving consumer and customer demands, achieve market acceptance and keep pace with new nutritional, technological and other developments, we must constantly introduce new and innovative products into the market. We may not be successful in developing, introducing on a timely basis or marketing any new or enhanced products, and specifically, the initial sales volumes for new or enhanced products may not reach anticipated levels, we may be required to engage in extensive marketing efforts to promote such products, the costs of developing and promoting such products may exceed our expectations and such products may not perform as expected. Further, certain ingredients used in our products may become negatively perceived by consumers, resulting in decreased demand for our products or reformulation of existing products to remove such ingredients, which may negatively affect taste or other qualities. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food and beverage products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. 
 Although we strive to respond to consumer or customer preferences and social expectations, we may not be successful in these efforts. Any significant changes in consumer or customer preferences or our inability to anticipate or react, or effectively introduce new products in response, to such changes could result in reduced demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain favorable perceptions of our brands. 
 Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of our brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including our products becoming unavailable to consumers, our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, adverse publicity about our or our suppliers or third-party contract manufacturers business practices, our products, packaging or ingredients, concerns about food safety, real or perceived health concerns regarding our products or consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner. Consumer demand for our products also may be impacted by changes in the level of advertising or promotional support. We may need to increase our marketing and advertising spending in order to maintain and increase customer and consumer awareness, protect and grow our existing market share or to promote new products, which could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, an increase in our marketing and advertising efforts may not maintain our current reputation or lead to an increase in brand awareness. Negative perceptions of the food and beverage industry as a whole, or the convenient nutrition category, may heighten attention from consumers, third parties, the media, governments, stockholders and other stakeholders to such factors and could adversely affect our brand image. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers, us and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands, products or packaging or the food and beverage industry generally on social or digital media (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain favorable perceptions of our products and our brands, or if we experience a loss of consumer confidence in our brands, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 In addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. Furthermore, third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. If consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand health, then our brands, product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Consolidation in our distribution channels, and competitive, economic and other pressures facing our customers, may hurt our profit margins. 
 Over the past several years, our channels have undergone significant consolidations and mass merchandisers and non-traditional retailers are gaining market share. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger, they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased reliance on their own brand name products, increased emphasis on generic and other value brands and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond to these requirements, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if any of our customers are consolidated with another entity and the surviving entity of any such consolidation is not a customer or decides to discontinue purchasing our products, we may lose significant amounts of our preexisting business with the acquired customer. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Further, the economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing, such as the emergence of new sales channels, and our customers responses to those changes could impact our business. Consolidation in our channels also increases the risk that adverse changes to our customers business operations or financial performance would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our sales and profit growth are dependent upon our ability to expand existing market penetration and enter into new markets. 
 Successful growth depends on our ability to add new customers, enter into new markets, expand the number of products sold through existing customers and enhance our product portfolio. This growth would include expanding the number of our products retailers offer for sale, our product placement and our ability to secure additional shelf or retail space for our products, as well as increased access to online platforms to sell our products. The expansion of our business depends on our ability to obtain new, or expand our business with existing, customers, such as club, FDM, eCommerce, convenience and specialty customers. Our failure to successfully add new customers, enter into new markets, expand the number of products sold through existing customers and enhance our product portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If our products become contaminated or adulterated, or if they are misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall or withdraw those items and we may experience product liability claims. 
 Selling food products, beverages and nutritional supplements involves a number of legal and other risks, including contamination, spoilage, degradation, tampering, mislabeling or other adulteration. Additionally, many of the raw materials used to make certain of our products, particularly milk-based protein, are vulnerable to spoilage and contamination by naturally occurring molds and pathogens, such as salmonella, and pests. These pathogens may survive in our products as a result of improper handling by customers or consumers. We do not have control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. We may need to recall or withdraw some or all of our products if they become damaged, contaminated, adulterated, mislabeled or misbranded, whether caused by us or someone in our manufacturing or supply chain. For example, in fiscal 2022, a third-party manufacturer that produced less than 2 of our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes initiated a recall of all products manufactured in one of its facilities, including our Premier Protein RTD protein shakes. A recall or withdrawal could result in destruction of product ingredients and inventory, negative publicity, temporary plant closings for us or our third-party contract manufacturers, supply chain interruption, substantial costs of compliance or remediation, fines and increased scrutiny by federal, state and foreign regulatory agencies. New scientific discoveries regarding microbes and food manufacturing may bring additional risks and latent liability. Should consumption of any product cause injury, we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. In addition, adverse publicity, including claims, whether or not valid, that our products or ingredients are unsafe or of poor quality, may discourage customers or consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Although we have various insurance programs in place and may have rights to indemnification in certain situations, any of these events or a loss of customer or consumer confidence could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Loss of, a significant reduction of purchases by or bankruptcy of a major customer may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A limited number of customer accounts represents a large percentage of our combined net sales. Our largest customers, Walmart and its affiliates (which includes Sam s Club), Costco and Amazon, accounted for approximately 74.8 of our net sales in our year ended September 30, 2024. 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain our level of sales and product distribution through the club, FDM, eCommerce, specialty and convenience channels. The competition to supply products to these high-volume customers is intense. Currently, we do not have material long-term supply agreements with our customers, and our customers frequently reevaluate the products they carry. A decision by our major customers to decrease the amount of product purchased from us, including in response to shifts in consumer purchasing or traffic trends, sell another brand on an exclusive or priority basis or change the manner of doing business with us could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our customers also may offer branded and private label products that compete directly with our products for retail shelf space and consumer purchases. Accordingly, there is a risk that our customers may give higher priority to their own products or to the products of our competitors. In the event of a loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction of purchases by any of our large customers or the bankruptcy or serious financial difficulty of any of our large customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Fluctuations in our business due to changes in our promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We periodically offer a variety of sales and promotional incentives to our customers and consumers. Our net sales and profitability are impacted by the introduction and discontinuance of such sales and promotion incentives. In addition, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations due to the seasonal nature of our business. Seasonality could cause our results of operations for an interim financial period to fluctuate and not be indicative of our full year results. Seasonality also impacts relative revenue and profitability of each quarter of the year, both on a quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year basis. If we fail to effectively manage our inventories, fluctuations in business as a result of promotional activities and seasonality may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional risks. 
 We are subject to a number of risks related to doing business internationally, any of which could significantly harm our financial and operational performance. These risks include: 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries, including potentially negative tax consequences; 
 unfavorable changes in tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or other export or import restrictions; 
 unfavorable changes in local regulatory requirements that impact our ability to sell our products in that country; 
 unfavorable foreign exchange controls and currency exchange rates; 
 challenges associated with cross-border product distribution; 
 an outbreak of a contagious disease, which may cause us or our distributors, third-party contract manufacturers, vendors or customers to temporarily suspend our or their respective operations in the affected city or country; 
 increased exposure to general market and economic conditions, political and economic uncertainty and volatility and other events, including social unrest, government shutdowns, terrorist activity, acts of war and travel restrictions, outside of the U.S.; 
 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations affecting operations outside of the U.S., including anti-corruption regulations (such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), and changes to such laws and regulations; 
 compliance with treaties, antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws (including the General Data Protection Regulation and the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation and the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework), anti-corruption laws (including the U.K. Bribery Act), food safety and marketing laws and other regulatory requirements and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple jurisdictions and changes to such laws and regulations; 
 unfavorable changes in foreign tax treaties and policies, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws or their interpretations or tax audit implications; 
 the difficulty and costs of maintaining effective data security; 
 the potential difficulty of enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights; 
 increased risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; 
 unfavorable changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing our operations; and 
 the difficulty and costs of designing and implementing an effective control environment across geographic regions. 
 Our financial performance on a U.S. dollar denominated basis is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Because we have operations and assets in foreign jurisdictions, as well as a portion of our contracts and revenues denominated in foreign currencies, and our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Consequently, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements. Our principal currency exposures are to the Canadian dollar and the Euro. To the extent we fail to manage our foreign currency exposure adequately, we may suffer losses in value of our net investment in a foreign operation, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our market size and related estimates may prove to be inaccurate. 
 Data for the convenient nutrition category is collected for most, but not all, channels, and as a result, it is difficult to estimate the size of the market and predict the rate at which the market for our products will grow. We estimate the market size of the convenient nutrition category, including by geography, product form and consumer need state, based, in part, upon forecasts and information obtained from independent trade associations, industry publications and surveys and other independent sources, proprietary research studies and management s knowledge of the industry. While these estimates are made in good faith and are based on assumptions and estimates we believe to be reasonable, they may not be accurate. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable and any inability to protect them, or termination of our material intellectual property licenses, could reduce the value of our products and brands and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, know-how and copyrights, to be a significant and valuable asset of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as third-party nondisclosure, confidentiality and assignment agreements and confidentiality provisions in third-party agreements and the policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure or inability to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. We also are subject to risks associated with protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property licensed to distributors of our products and of our trade secrets to our third-party contract manufacturers. If our licensed distributors or third-party contract manufacturers fail to protect our trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property, either intentionally or unintentionally, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 We market certain of our products pursuant to intellectual property license agreements. These licenses give us the right to use certain names, characters and logos in connection with our products and to sell the products. If we were to breach any material term of these license agreements and not timely cure the breach, the licensor could terminate the agreement. If the licensor were to terminate our rights to use the names, characters and logos for this reason or any other reason, or if a licensor decided not to renew a license agreement upon the expiration of the license term, the loss of such rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our growth has placed, and we expect that our continued growth may place, a significant demand on our management, personnel, systems and resources. Our continued growth will require an increased investment by us in our third-party manufacturing relationships, personnel, technology, facilities and financial and management systems and controls, including monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations. We will need to integrate, train and manage a growing employee base. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our operating margins and profitability will be adversely affected. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially harmed. 
 Technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store operating and financial information, to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend upon our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers, third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers. Our and our third-party manufacturing and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and control costs. Our and our third-party vendors information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of invasions, interruptions or malfunctions due to events beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware and malware, hardware or software failures, cybersecurity incidents, hackers and other causes. Such invasions, interruptions or malfunctions could negatively impact our business. 
 If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain and protect the related automated and manual control processes, or if one of our third-party service providers fails to provide the services we require, we could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions or damage resulting from such events, particularly material security breaches and cybersecurity incidents. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals (including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored institutions, terrorist organizations and individuals or groups participating in organized crime) with a wide range of expertise 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and motives (including monetization of corporate, payment or other internal or personal data, theft of trade secrets and intellectual property for competitive advantage and leverage for political, social, economic and environmental reasons). 
 If any of our significant information technology systems suffers severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including by malicious or unintentional actions of contractors or employees or by cyber or ransomware attacks, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition, there is a risk of business interruption, litigation and reputational damage from leaks of confidential or personal information. While we have insurance programs in place related to these matters, the potential liabilities associated with such events, or those that could arise in the future, could be excluded from coverage or, if covered, could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. Although we have not detected a material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue. 
 We also are subject to an evolving body of federal, state and foreign laws, regulations, guidelines and principles regarding data privacy, data protection and data security. Several states as well as foreign governments have laws and regulations regulating how businesses collect, use and protect personal information obtained from their data subjects, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the E.U. s retained version of General Data Protection Regulation, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and we could incur substantial fines, other penalties or litigation related to violations of such laws and regulations. 
 Climate change, or legal or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business, reputation and operations. 
 Increasing levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. If any of these climate changes has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. In addition, increases in the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters may result in damage and disruptions to our manufacturing operations and distribution channels or our third-party contract manufacturers operations, particularly where a product is primarily sourced from a single location. Also, the impacts of these climate changes may cause unpredictable water availability or exacerbate water scarcity. Water is critical to our business, and the lack of available water of acceptable quality may lead to, among other things, adverse effects on our operations. The increasing concern over climate change and related environmental sustainability matters also may result in more federal, state, local and foreign legal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases or conserve and replenish water. If such laws are enacted, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. Further, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively address increased concerns from the media, stockholders and other stakeholders on climate change and related environmental sustainability and governance matters. In addition, any failure to achieve goals we may set with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment can lead to adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we pursue acquisitions or other strategic transactions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions or other strategic transactions. Evaluating potential transactions, including divestitures, requires additional expenditures (including legal, accounting and due diligence expenses, higher administrative costs to support the acquired entities and information technology, personnel and other integration expenses) and may divert the attention of our management from day-to-day operating matters. Companies or operations we acquire or joint ventures we enter into may not be profitable or may not achieve the anticipated profitability that justify our investments. 
 With respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us or achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges. The successful integration of acquisitions is complex and depends on our ability to manage the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses. Potential difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include, but are not limited to, the following: employees may voluntarily or involuntarily separate from employment with us or the acquired businesses because of the acquisitions; our management may have its attention diverted while trying to integrate the acquired businesses; we may encounter obstacles when incorporating the acquired businesses into our operations and management; we may be required to recognize impairment charges; and integration may be more costly or more time consuming and complex or less effective than anticipated. With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks and may have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions also could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and depreciation and amortization expenses related to certain tangible and intangible assets and increased operating expenses, all of which could, individually or collectively, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Financial and Economic Risks 
 We have substantial debt, which could have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position and which could adversely affect our business. 
 We have a significant amount of debt. As of September 30, 2024, we had 840.0 million in aggregate principal amount of total debt. Additionally, our secured revolving credit facility has a remaining borrowing capacity of 250.0 million as of September 30, 2024 (all of which would be secured when drawn). 
 Our overall leverage and the terms of our financing arrangements could: 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by ratings organizations were revised downward; 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy the terms of our obligations under the terms of our financing arrangements; 
 limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for and to adjust to changing business and market conditions in the industries in which we operate and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions; and 
 subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce our flexibility in responding to increased competition. 
 Our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, including the impact of pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, potential changes in consumer and customer preferences and behaviors, the success of product and marketing innovation and pressure from competitors. If we do not generate enough cash to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or issue additional equity. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks related to our debt leverage, and we may in any event be required to maintain a minimum level of indebtedness. 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the financing arrangements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness that may be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also may not prevent us from incurring certain obligations that may not constitute indebtedness under the documents governing our indebtedness. 
 The agreements governing our debt contain various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests, and failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our financing arrangements contain restrictions, covenants and events of default that, among other things, require us to satisfy certain financial tests and maintain certain financial ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and to refinance our existing indebtedness. Financing arrangements which we enter into in the future could contain similar restrictions and additionally could require us to comply with similar, new or additional financial tests or to maintain similar, new or additional financial ratios. The terms of our financing arrangements, financing arrangements which we enter into in the future and any future indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could limit our ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. These restrictions include compliance with, or maintenance of, certain financial tests and ratios and may limit or prohibit our ability to, among other things: borrow money or guarantee debt; create liens; pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase stock or other securities; make investments and acquisitions; enter into, or permit to exist, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 contractual limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; enter into new lines of business; enter into transactions with affiliates; and sell assets or merge with other companies. 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control, including the impact of pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, could affect our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants. Failure to comply with any of the restrictions and covenants in our existing or future financing arrangements could result in a default under those arrangements and under other arrangements that may contain cross-default provisions. Our credit agreement contains a covenant that requires us to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) not to exceed 6.00:1.00, as measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these arrangements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. 
 To service indebtedness and fund other cash needs, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt obligations and to fund any planned capital expenditures and other cash needs will depend in part upon the future financial and operating performance of our subsidiaries and upon our ability to renew or refinance borrowings. Prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, our future financial and operating performance, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the impact of pandemics and other outbreaks of contagious diseases, will affect our ability to make these payments. 
 If we are unable to make payments, refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we may consider other options, including: sales of assets; sale of equity; reductions or delays of capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances; or negotiations with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. 
 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient, to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, including during periods of high inflation, recessions or other economic disruption, could limit consumer and customer demand for our products, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect us. 
 The willingness of consumers to purchase our products depends in part on general or local economic conditions and consumers discretionary spending habits. For instance in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, the U.S. experienced significantly heightened inflationary pressures. In periods of adverse or uncertain economic conditions, including during periods of high inflation or recession concerns, consumers may purchase less of our products, purchase more value or private label products or may forgo certain purchases altogether. In addition, our customers may seek to reduce their inventories in response to those economic conditions. In those circumstances, we could experience a reduction in sales. Further, during economic downturns, it may be more difficult to convince consumers to switch to, or continue to use, our brands or convince new users to choose our brands without expensive sampling programs and price promotions. Also, as a result of economic conditions, we may be unable to raise our prices sufficiently to protect profit margins. We experienced inflationary headwinds across our business during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, and we expect certain inflationary pressures to continue into fiscal 2025. This trend could have a materially adverse impact in the future if inflation rates were to significantly exceed our ability to achieve price increases or cost savings. Further, uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, has and could continue to negatively impact the financial stability of our customers or suppliers, which could lead to increased uncollectible receivables or non-performance. Current global geopolitical tensions, including related to Ukraine and Israel and the Middle East, may exacerbate any economic downturn and inflation. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Increases in interest rates may negatively affect our earnings. 
 From time to time, we have debt outstanding with exposure to variable interest rates. As a result, we have in the past been and may in the future be adversely effected by rising interest rates, which will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. 
 Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets could be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based upon a number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to stockholder distributions and financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the then-current state of the economy and our industry generally. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 which are beyond our control, can increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all and result in a reduction in our liquidity. Our borrowing costs and access to capital markets also can be adversely affected if a credit rating agency announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade. An increase in our borrowing costs, limitations on our ability to access the global capital and credit markets or a reduction in our liquidity can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 U.S. and global capital and credit market issues, including those that have arisen as a result of heightened inflation and recession or other economic concerns, could negatively affect our liquidity, increase our costs of borrowing and disrupt the operations of our suppliers and customers. 
 U.S. and global credit markets have, from time to time, experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions which caused the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially impacted liquidity in the debt markets, making financing terms for borrowers less attractive and in certain cases resulted in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. In fiscal 2024, the U.S. experienced certain inflationary pressures and we expect certain inflationary pressures to continue into fiscal 2025. This and other events affecting the credit markets also have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on other financial markets in the U.S., which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock or other equity securities or refinance our existing debt, sell our assets or borrow money, if necessary. Our business also could be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business or increase our interest expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we will be required to record impairment charges, which may be significant. 
 Our balance sheet includes intangible assets, including goodwill, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships and other acquired intangibles. Goodwill is expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows and is not amortized. Our management reviews it for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying value may be impaired. Impairments to intangible assets may be caused by factors outside of our control, such as increasing competitive pricing pressures, lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates, changes in industry earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and revenue multiples, changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates, etc.) or the loss or bankruptcy of a significant customer. These factors, along with other internal and external factors, could have a significant negative impact on our fair value determination, which could then result in a material impairment charge recorded in our results of operations. No impairments were recorded in the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. However, we could have impairments in the future. 
 Unsuccessful implementation of business strategies to reduce costs, or unintended consequences of the implementation of such strategies, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Many of our costs, such as freight, raw materials and energy, are outside of our control. Therefore, we must seek to reduce costs in other areas, such as through operating efficiency. If we are not able to complete projects designed to reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget, or if the implementation of these projects results in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees or reduced productivity, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted. In addition, if the cost-saving initiatives we have implemented, or any future cost-saving initiatives, do not generate the expected cost savings and synergies, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 We have incurred, and we will continue to incur, additional fees, costs and expenses to create and maintain the corporate infrastructure to operate as a public company, and we have and we will continue to experience increased ongoing costs and expenses in connection with being a public company. 
 Prior to our IPO, our business had historically used some of Post s corporate infrastructure and services to support our business functions. The expenses related to establishing and maintaining this infrastructure had been spread across all of Post s businesses and charged to us on a cost-allocation basis. The services historically provided to us by Post included, but were not limited to, finance, information technology, legal, human resources, quality, supply chain and purchasing functions. Following our IPO, we continued to receive some of these services pursuant to a master services agreement with Post, and in connection with the Spin-off, we, Post, Old BellRing and BellRing LLC entered into an amended and restated master services agreement, which was further amended in fiscal 2023. Under the amended and restated master services agreement, Post continues to provide certain of the above described services, and, in general, the services to be provided by Post will continue for the periods specified in the amended and restated master services agreement, but not past March 2026, subject to any subsequent extension or earlier termination as agreed to by the parties. There can be no assurance that all of the functions provided to us by Post 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 under the amended and restated master services agreement will be successfully executed by Post or that we will not have to expend significant efforts or costs materially in excess of those estimated in the master services agreement. Any interruption in these services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, upon termination of the amended and restated master services agreement, we will need to perform these functions ourselves or hire third parties to perform these functions on our behalf. 
 Actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance and our forward-looking statements. 
 From time to time, we release guidance regarding our future performance. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in such release and the factors described under Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements in our current and periodic reports filed with the SEC. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party has audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed upon procedures with respect to the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. The independent registered public accounting firm report included in this document relates to our historical financial statements. It does not extend to any guidance and should not be read to do so. 
 Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, although presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. We generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release this data is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance. Investors also should recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it. 
 Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the risks or uncertainties set forth in this report could result in actual operating results being different than the guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material. 
 Risks Related to Our Relationship with Post 
 We have overlapping directors and management with Post, which may lead to conflicting interests or the appearance of conflicting interests. 
 Certain of our officers and directors, including Robert V. Vitale, who serves as Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors, also serve as officers or directors of Post. Our officers and members of our Board of Directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Post have fiduciary duties to Post s shareholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting us and Post. In addition, some of our officers or members of our Board of Directors may own equity or options to purchase equity in Post. Such ownership interests may create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us and Post. The appearance of conflicts of interest created by such overlapping relationships also could impair the confidence of our investors. 
 Our certificate of incorporation could prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us. 
 Our certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs to the extent that they may involve Post and its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates and our rights, powers, duties and liabilities and those of our directors, officers, managers, employees and agents in connection with our relationship with Post. In general, and except as may be set forth in any agreement between us and Post, these provisions provide that Post and its affiliates may carry on and conduct any business of any kind, nature or description, whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as us; Post and its affiliates may do business with any of our customers, vendors and lessors; and Post and its affiliates may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments. In addition, these provisions provide that we renounce any interest or expectancy to participate in any business of Post or its affiliates. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to (i) any of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for the purposes of the provision) or (ii) Post or its affiliates. Generally, neither Post nor our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that any such person pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post or its affiliates, directs, recommends or transfers such corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates or does not offer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us because such person has directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post or one of its affiliates. This renunciation does not extend to corporate opportunities expressly offered to one of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents, solely in his or her capacity as a director, officer, manager, employee or agent of us. 
 These provisions in our certificate of incorporation will cease to apply at such time as none of the directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post serve as our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents. The corporate opportunity provision may exacerbate conflicts of interest between Post and us because the provision effectively permits one of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also serves as a director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of Post or its affiliates to choose to direct a corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates instead of to us. 
 We may be responsible for U.S. federal income tax liabilities that relate to the Spin-off. 
 The completion of the Spin-off by Post was conditioned on the receipt by Post of an opinion of a nationally recognized accounting firm or law firm (the distribution tax counsel and, together with BellRing tax counsel, tax counsel to the effect that the Separation, together with certain contributions made by Post to us, should qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a) and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and the Distribution should qualify as a tax-free distribution eligible for nonrecognition within the meaning of Sections 355 and 361 of the Code. The completion of the Spin-off was also conditioned on the receipt by us of an opinion of BellRing s tax counsel to the effect that the merger of Merger Sub with and into Old BellRing qualified as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code or, alternatively, as a transaction qualifying for nonrecognition of gain and loss under Section 351 of the Code. An opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ). Accordingly, the IRS may reach conclusions with respect to the distribution that are different from the conclusions reached in the opinions, and any such differing conclusions may result in U.S. federal income tax liability. The opinions will be based on certain factual statements and representations, which, if incomplete or untrue in any material respect, could alter tax counsel s conclusions. We are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause any such factual statements or the opinion of tax counsel to be incomplete or untrue. 
 If all or a portion of the Spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction for any reason, including because any of the factual statements or representations in the legal opinions are incomplete or untrue, Post may recognize a substantial gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we may incur indemnification or other liabilities to Post as a result. 
 Even if the Distribution otherwise qualifies as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Distribution will be taxable to Post (but not to Post shareholders) pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if there are (or have been) one or more acquisitions (including issuances), directly or indirectly (including through acquisitions of such stock after the completion of the Transactions), of our stock or the stock of Post, representing 50 percent or more, measured by vote or value, of the stock of any such corporation and the acquisition or acquisitions are deemed to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the Distribution. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual in nature, and subject to a comprehensive analysis of the facts and circumstances of the particular case. In general, any acquisition of our common stock within two years before or after the Distribution (with exceptions, including public trading by less-than-5 percent stockholders and certain compensatory stock issuances) generally will be presumed to be part of such a plan unless that presumption is rebutted. The resulting tax liability would be substantial. Pursuant to a tax matters agreement with Post, we have agreed to indemnify Post for any tax liabilities resulting from such transactions or other actions we take, and Post has agreed to indemnify us for any tax liabilities resulting from transactions entered into by Post. 
 In addition, pursuant to the tax matters agreement, if and to the extent the Distribution does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, such failure to qualify as a tax-free transaction gives rise to adjustments to the tax basis of assets held by us and our subsidiaries, and we are not required to indemnify Post for any tax liabilities resulting from such failure to qualify as a tax-free transaction, then Post will be entitled to periodic payments from us equal to 85 of the tax savings arising from the aggregate increase to the tax basis of assets held by us and our subsidiaries resulting from such failure and Post and we will negotiate in good faith the terms of a tax receivable agreement to govern the calculation of such payments applying the principles of, and adhering as closely as practicable to, the existing tax receivable agreement between Post and BellRing. Payments under such tax receivable agreement may be substantial, and in certain cases may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the tax receivable agreement. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Violations of laws or regulations by us or our third-party contract manufacturers, as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local government authorities in the U.S., as well as government authorities outside of the U.S., including requirements related to food safety, quality, manufacturing, processing, storage, marketing, advertising, labeling, distribution and worker health and workplace safety. Our activities, both inside and outside of the U.S., are subject to extensive regulation. In the U.S., we are regulated by, and our activities are affected by, among other federal, state and local authorities and regulations, the FDA, the USDA, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Proposition 65. In Europe, we are regulated by, among other authorities, the U.K. s Food Standards Agency, Health and Safety Executive, Environment Agency, Environmental Health, the Information Commissioners Office and the Trading Standards Office and their equivalents in E.U. member states. We also are regulated by similar authorities elsewhere in the world where our products are distributed. 
 Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies, tariffs, import and export restrictions, healthcare costs, energy usage, data privacy and immigration and labor issues, any or all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or the businesses of our customers, suppliers or third-party contract manufacturers. In addition, we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. We also may be impacted by changes to administrative policies, such as business restrictions, tariffs and trade agreements, in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products. 
 The impact of current laws and regulations, changes in, or changes in interpretations of, these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or third-party contract manufacturers, causing our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows to be adversely affected. Further, if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, revocations of required licenses, detention, seizure, injunctions or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 It also is possible that federal, state, local or foreign enforcement authorities might take regulatory or enforcement action, which could result in significant fines or penalties , revocations of required licenses or injunctions, as well as potential criminal sanctions . If we are found to be significantly out of compliance, an enforcement authority could issue a warning letter and/or institute enforcement actions that could result in additional costs, substantial delays in production or even a temporary shutdown in manufacturing and product sales. Also, we may have to recall product or otherwise remove product from the market, and temporarily cease its manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Any product liability claims resulting from the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would be expensive to defend and could result in substantial damage awards against us or harm our reputation. Any of these events would negatively impact our revenues and costs of operations. 
 We also may be impacted by changes to administrative policies, such as business restrictions, tariffs and trade agreements, in markets in which we or our third-party contract manufacturers manufacture, sell or distribute our products. 
 Certain of our products are subject to a higher level of regulatory scrutiny, resulting in increased costs of operations and the potential for delays in product sales. 
 Certain of our products are regulated by the FDA as dietary supplements, which are subject to FDA regulations and levels of regulatory scrutiny different from those applicable to conventional food. Internationally, the convenient nutrition category is regulated as food and dietary supplements. Such heightened regulatory scrutiny results in increased costs of operations and the potential for delays in product sales. In addition, there is some risk that product classifications could be changed by the regulators, which could result in significant fines, penalties, discontinued distribution and relabeling costs. Any of these events would negatively impact our revenues and costs of operations. 
 Pending and future litigation and claims may impair our reputation or lead us to incur significant costs. 
 We are, or may become, party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business, which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts, third-party contract manufacturers, intellectual property infringement, product recalls, product liability, false or deceptive advertising, employment matters, environmental matters or other aspects of our business. Lawsuits filed against food and beverage companies alleging deceptive advertising and labeling continue to increase. In addition, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, may result in legal claims or litigation against us. Negative publicity resulting from allegations made in lawsuits or claims asserted against us, whether or not valid, may adversely affect our reputation. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, be required to modify our business processes, practices or products or be required to 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 stop selling certain of our products. For instance, one of our operating subsidiaries, Premier Nutrition, LLC, is a defendant in several class action lawsuits related to its Joint Juice product, which it discontinued in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. At September 30, 2024, we had accrued 21.0 million related to these matters. In addition, intellectual property infringement litigation or claims could cause us to cease making, licensing or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging, if feasible, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party s intellectual property. Any or all of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict, and the outcome of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Although we have various insurance programs in place, the potential liabilities associated with lawsuits and claims could be excluded from coverage or, if covered, could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. In addition, insurance carriers may seek to rescind or deny coverage with respect to pending or future claims or lawsuits. If we do not have sufficient coverage under our policies, or if coverage is denied, we may be required to make material payments to settle litigation or satisfy any judgment. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that can impose significant costs and expose us to potential financial liabilities. 
 We and our contract manufacturers and other vendors and suppliers are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment, including those limiting the discharge and release of pollutants into the environment and those regulating the transport, storage, disposal and remediation of, and exposure to, solid and hazardous wastes. Certain environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several liability without regard to fault on responsible parties, including past and present owners and operators of sites, related to cleaning up sites at which hazardous materials were disposed of or released. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in severe fines and penalties by governments or courts of law. In addition, future laws may more stringently regulate the emission of greenhouse gases, particularly carbon dioxide and methane. 
 Future events, such as new or more stringent environmental laws and regulations, new environmental claims, the discovery of currently unknown environmental conditions requiring responsive action or more vigorous interpretations or enforcement of existing environmental laws and regulations, might require us to incur additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks and uncertainties discussed in this report or for reasons unrelated to our specific performance, such as reports by industry analysts, our failure to meet analysts earnings estimates, investor perceptions, or negative developments relating to our customers, competitors or suppliers, as well as general economic and industry conditions. Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. 
 We may not declare or pay any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment. We have not paid cash dividends to date and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Consequently, our stockholders must rely on sales of their shares of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Any future determination to pay dividends, including timing and amount, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to, among other things, our compliance with applicable law, and depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries and our ability to pay dividends may be further restricted as a result of the laws of our subsidiaries jurisdictions of organization or their agreements, including agreements governing indebtedness. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of Delaware law may discourage or prevent strategic transactions, including a takeover of the Company, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL could delay or prevent a third party from entering into a strategic transaction with us, as applicable, even if such transaction would benefit our stockholders. For example, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 
 divide the members of the Board of Directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms, which may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change on control; 
 authorize the issuance of blank-check preferred stock that could be issued by us upon approval of the Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares of capital stock, making a takeover more difficult and expensive; 
 provide that directors may be removed from office only for cause and that any vacancy or newly created directorships on the Board of Directors may only be filled by a majority of directors then in office, which may make it difficult for other stockholders to reconstitute the Board of Directors; 
 provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only upon the request of a majority of the Board of Directors or by the chairman of the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent and require that any action to be taken by stockholders be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders; and 
 require advance notice to be given by stockholders for any stockholder proposals or director nominees. 
 These restrictions and provisions could keep us from pursuing relationships with strategic partners and from raising additional capital, which could impede our ability to expand our business and strengthen our competitive position. These restrictions could also limit stockholder value by impeding a sale of the Company. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court of Chancery (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. However, our certificate of incorporation also provides that U.S. federal courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than that designated in the Company s exclusive forum provision. Although our certificate of incorporation contains the exclusive forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. The exclusive forum provision shall not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 
 This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 General Risks 
 Changes in tax laws may adversely affect us, and the IRS or a court may disagree with our tax positions, which may result in adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 There can be no assurance that future tax law changes will not increase the rate of the corporate income tax significantly; impose new limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits; or make other changes that may adversely affect the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 performance of an investment in our stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree with the positions taken by us, in which case tax penalties and interest may be imposed that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not be able to operate successfully if we are unable to recruit, hire, retain and develop key personnel and a qualified and diverse workforce. In addition, temporary workforce disruptions or the inability of our employees to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We depend upon the skills, working relationships and continued services of key personnel, including our senior management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends upon our ability to recruit, hire, retain and develop qualified and diverse personnel to operate and expand our business. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. If we lose key personnel, or one or more members of our senior management team, and we fail to develop adequate succession plans, or if we fail to hire, retain and develop a sufficient number of qualified and diverse employees to operate and expand our business, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed. 
 Our business is dependent upon our employees being able to safely perform their jobs. If we experience workforce disruptions or periods where our employees are unable to safely perform their jobs for any reason, including as a result of illness or restrictions put in place by governmental authorities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Increases in labor-related costs, including costs of medical and other employee health and welfare benefits, may reduce our profitability. 
 Inflationary pressures and shortages in the labor market have increased, and could continue to increase, our labor costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. With approximately 485 employees as of November 1, 2024, our profitability may be substantially affected by costs of medical and other health and welfare benefits for these employees. Although we try to control these costs, they can vary because of changes in healthcare laws and claims experience, which have the potential to increase the cost of providing medical and other employee health and welfare benefits. Any substantial increase could negatively affect our profitability. 
 If we are unable to continue to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned, and the price of our common stock could suffer. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX requires any company subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. securities laws to do a comprehensive evaluation of its and its consolidated subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting. To comply with this statute, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures, our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue an opinion on its audit of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards under the rules. During the course of its testing, our management may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the deadlines imposed by SOX and SEC rules. If our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies material weaknesses in our internal controls, investor confidence in our financial results may weaken and the price of our common stock may suffer. In addition, in the event we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we might fail to timely prevent or detect potential financial misstatements. As of September 30, 2024, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Actions of stockholders could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We may, from time to time, be subject to proposals and other requests from stockholders urging us to take certain corporate actions, including proposals seeking to influence our corporate policies or effect a change in our management. In the event of such stockholder proposals, particularly with respect to matters which our management and Board of Directors, in exercising their fiduciary duties, disagree with or have determined not to pursue, our business could be adversely affected because responding to actions and requests of stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees. Additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, business partners and customers. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Overview and Leadership 
 Our enterprise risk management framework addresses cybersecurity risk along with other risks as part of our overall enterprise risk management process. We maintain a comprehensive information technology, data governance and cybersecurity program that leverages people, processes and technology to support our information technology systems and detect, identify, prevent, defend against and mitigate information technology and data security risks. Our cybersecurity program is aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. This framework encompasses key processes, policies and controls to ensure protection, detection, identification, response and recovery capabilities across our organization. 
 Our information security program also addresses cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers, including cybersecurity vendors, cybersecurity software and hardware providers, other vendors and customers, service providers and other parties with access to our systems and data as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely affect our operations or business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. We use systems and processes designed to assess, identify and reduce the potential impact of a cybersecurity incident at any of our third-party service providers. We assess information security controls of certain of our third-party service providers as part of our third-party information technology risk due diligence, and we conduct third-party vulnerability analyses regularly. 
 Information security is integral to our information technology strategy, with accountability embedded at all organizational levels, including our operations, management and Board of Directors. Key elements include: 
 Managed Detection and Response MDR Security Operations Center SOC : Our operations team employs MDR and a SOC for round-the-clock monitoring of cyber threats and vulnerabilities. 
 Vulnerability Management : We maintain technology solutions for cybersecurity prevention and defense, including outside firewalls, multi-factor authentication systems, separate intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-virus and anti-malware products and remote access controls. Continuous vulnerability scoring helps us address emerging risks objectively and proactively. 
 Incident Response : Security incidents are managed through established protocols, with escalations to senior management to assess materiality and disclosure requirements. Our information security team develops, implements and regularly tests incident response and information recovery plans designed to assess and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents. 
 Board Oversight : The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity risks. It receives regular updates and presentations on our cybersecurity environment, including strategies, processes and policies, cybersecurity incidents, risks and threats, cybersecurity projects we have implemented and plan to implement and other cybersecurity developments and industry trends. These updates are led by our Chief Information Officer, a seasoned information technology professional with over 20 years of experience, supported by a dedicated security team. The chair of the Audit Committee reports to the full Board of Directors after each meeting. 
 Risk Management : Cybersecurity risks are either mitigated or documented in a risk register for non-material risks. Non-material risks are reviewed periodically to ensure continuous improvement and timely resolution. In addition, we maintain insurance to help reduce our exposure from potential losses should a cybersecurity incident arise. 
 Use of Third Parties 
 We collaborate with, and intend to continue to collaborate with, nationally recognized third-party experts for specialized security functions in rapidly evolving areas. This partnership approach enables us to leverage advanced expertise in threat identification, penetration testing, tabletop exercises, maturity assessments, training, awareness and incident response. 
 We routinely evaluate third-party certifications (such as SOC and Insurance Services Office reports) for applications within the scope of our financial audits, supplementing these with bridge letters and internal controls when necessary. Additionally, our security team uses advanced software to assess third-party security postures, providing maturity scores that inform risk management and foster continuous improvement throughout our partnerships. 
 Training and Preparedness 
 The Company mandates ongoing cybersecurity training for all employees, covering a broad range of relevant topics. High-risk roles receive additional specialized training. We conduct regular phishing and social engineering simulations, with organization-wide reporting of results. Leadership teams also participate in annual tabletop exercises (simulated security 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 incidents) to reinforce preparedness and refine our response plan. In addition, we maintain cybersecurity insurance to provide an added layer of protection and support in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident. 
 Effect of Cybersecurity Events 
 While no previous cybersecurity incidents have materially affected the Company, a cybersecurity incident could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As described above under Item 1A-Risk Factors - Technology failures, cybersecurity incidents and corruption of our data privacy protections could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, a material cybersecurity incident could disrupt our business, lead to the loss of data or cause us to suffer financial and/or reputational damage, in addition to litigation or remediation costs or penalties. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Post provides us space for our principal executive offices in St. Louis, Missouri pursuant to the master services agreement among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing LLC, BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. and Post. Our other administrative offices, as well as the warehousing, distribution and research and development facilities of our principal operations, are described below. While our products are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers, we also own one manufacturing facility. For additional information regarding our third-party manufacturing network, see Business - Supply Chain in Item 1 of this report. 
 We lease a research and development facility and administrative office in Emeryville, California. We also lease administrative offices in Dallas, Texas; Rogers, Arkansas; Munich, Germany and Worb, Switzerland. Through third-party logistics firms, we lease warehouse space in Tagelswangen, Switzerland and a distribution center with warehouse space in Kleve, Germany. We also manufacture protein and energy bars and gels and conduct research and development through an owned facility in Voerde, Germany. Management believes our facilities generally are in good operating condition. In conjunction with our arrangements with third-party contract manufacturers, management believes, taken as a whole, our facilities generally are suitable, adequate and of sufficient capacity for our current operations. See Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this report for more information about our supply chain and related risks. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required under this Item 3 is set forth in Note 14 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. For disclosure of environmental proceedings with a governmental entity as a party pursuant to Item 103(c)(3)(iii) of Regulation S-K, the Company has elected to disclose matters where the Company reasonably believes such proceeding would result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of 1.0 million or more. Applying this threshold, there are no such environmental proceedings pending as of the filing date of this report or that were resolved during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Common Stock 
 Prior to March 10, 2022, our Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share Old BellRing Class A Common Stock was traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the trading symbol BRBR. On March 10, 2022, the outstanding shares of our Old BellRing Class A Common Stock were converted into BellRing common stock, 0.01 par value per share BellRing Common Stock and continued to trade on the NYSE under the trading symbol BRBR . For additional information, refer to Note 1 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. There were approximately 4,013 stockholders of record of our BellRing Common Stock as of November 12, 2024. 
 Dividends 
 We may not pay cash dividends on our BellRing Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends, and the amount and timing of any such payment, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to, among other things, our compliance with applicable law, and depending on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions in our debt agreements, business prospects, our cash flow and liquidity position and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The information required under this Item 5 concerning equity compensation plan information is set out below under Item 12 of this report and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of shares of our BellRing Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and our BellRing Common Stock repurchase authorization. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 263,686 56.89 263,686 200,576,561 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 382,238 54.72 382,238 179,660,627 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 77,821 58.98 77,821 175,071,070 Total 723,745 55.97 723,745 175,071,070 
 (a) Does not include broker s commissions or accrued excise tax. 
 (b) On February 29, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a 300,000,000 repurchase authorization with respect to shares of BellRing Common Stock (the Authorization ). The Authorization was effective on March 11, 2024 and has an expiration date of March 11, 2026. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic purchase transactions, or otherwise. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the changes for the period beginning October 17, 2019, the first day our common stock began trading on the NYSE, through September 30, 2024 in the cumulative total value of 100 hypothetically invested in each of (i) our publicly traded common stock (which included Old BellRing Class A Common Stock prior to March 10, 2022 and BellRing Common Stock subsequent to March 10, 2022); (ii) the Russell 1000 index; (iii) the Russell 2000 index; and (iv) the S P 1500 Packaged Foods Meats Index. 
 In June 2024, our publicly traded common stock became a component of the Russell 1000 index. Previously, our publicly traded common stock was a component of the Russell 2000 index. As such, the Russell 1000 index has been deemed to be the more comparable index going forward. 
 
 100 invested on October 17, 2019 in stock or index. The cumulative total return of our publicly traded common stock includes the reinvestment of 2.97 in cash paid t o holders of our Old BellRing Class A Common Stock in addition to each share of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock converted into BellRing Common Stock on March 10, 2022. For additional information, refer to Note 1 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 Performance Graph Data 
 BellRing Brands, Inc. ) Russell 1000 Index ) 
 Russell 2000 Index ) S P 1500 Packaged Foods Meats Index ) 10/17/2019 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 9/30/2020 125.70 115.12 99.13 106.21 9/30/2021 186.36 150.74 146.36 112.18 9/30/2022 139.27 124.77 111.93 118.20 9/29/2023 278.62 151.19 121.86 121.02 9/30/2024 410.32 205.10 154.45 134.16 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or subject to the liabilities of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources of BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Distribution, LLC) BellRing and its consolidated subsidiaries. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements under Item 8 of this report and the Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements on page 1. 
 The following should be read in conjunction with the discussion and analysis of our fiscal 2023 results compared to our fiscal 2022 results, including any related discussion of fiscal 2022 results and activity, which can be found in Item 7 under the title Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, and such discussion and analysis is incorporated by reference herein. 
 OVERVIEW 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Brands, Inc.) Old BellRing closed its initial public offering (the IPO of 39.4 million shares of its Class A common stock, 0.01 par value per share Old BellRing Class A Common Stock and contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to BellRing Brands, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of Old BellRing BellRing LLC ), in exchange for 39.4 million BellRing LLC non-voting membership units (the BellRing LLC units ). As a result of the IPO and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the formation transactions ), BellRing LLC became the holding company for the active nutrition business of Post Holdings, Inc. Post ). Old BellRing, as a holding company, had no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing LLC and had no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. The members of BellRing LLC were Post and Old BellRing. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, Post completed its distribution of 80.1 of its ownership interest in BellRing to Post s shareholders. On March 9, 2022, pursuant to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 28, 2022, the Transaction Agreement ), by and among Post, Old BellRing, BellRing and BellRing Merger Sub Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BellRing BellRing Merger Sub ), Post contributed its share of Old BellRing Class B common stock, 0.01 par value per share Old BellRing Class B Common Stock ), all of its BellRing LLC units and 550.4 million of cash to BellRing (collectively, the Contribution in exchange for certain limited liability company interests of BellRing (prior to the conversion of BellRing into a Delaware corporation) and the right to receive 840.0 million in aggregate principal amount of BellRing s 7.00 senior notes maturing in 2030 (the 7.00 Senior Notes ). 
 On March 10, 2022, BellRing converted into a Delaware corporation and changed its name to BellRing Brands, Inc. , and Post distributed an aggregate of 78.1 million, or 80.1 , of its shares of BellRing common stock, 0.01 par value per share BellRing Common Stock to Post shareholders in a pro-rata distribution (the Distribution ). 
 Upon completion of the Distribution, BellRing Merger Sub merged with and into Old BellRing (the Merger ), with Old BellRing continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of BellRing. Pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding share of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock was converted into one share of BellRing Common Stock plus 2.97 in cash, or 115.5 million total consideration paid t o Old BellRing Class A common stockholders pursuant to the Merger . As a result of the transactions described above (collectively, the Spin-off ), BellRing became the new public parent company of, and successor issuer to, Old BellRing, and shares of BellRing Common Stock were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. 
 Immediately prior to the Spin-off, Post held 97.5 million BellRing LLC units, equal to 71.5 of the economic interest in BellRing LLC, and one share of Old BellRing Class B Common Stock, which represented 67 of the combined voting power of the common stock of Old BellRing. 
 Immediately following the Spin-off, Post owned 19.4 million shares, or 14.2 , of BellRing Common Stock, which did not represent a controlling interest in BellRing. As a result of the Spin-off, the dual class voting structure in the BellRing business was eliminated. 
 On August 11, 2022, Post transferred 14.8 million shares of its BellRing Common Stock to certain financial institutions in satisfaction of term loan obligations of Post. On November 25, 2022, Post transferred its remaining 4.6 million shares of BellRing Common Stock to certain financial institutions in satisfaction of term loan obligations of Post. As such, Post had no ownership of BellRing Common Stock as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 The terms BellRing, we, our, us, the Company or our Company generally refer to Old BellRing and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period prior to the Spin-off and to us and our consolidated subsidiaries during the periods 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 subsequent to the Spin-off unless otherwise stated or context otherwise indicates. The term Common Stock generally refers to Old BellRing Class A Common Stock and Old BellRing Class B Common Stock during the period prior to the Spin-off and to BellRing Common Stock during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off. The term Net earnings available to common stockholders generally refers to net earnings available to Old BellRing Class A common stockholders during the period prior to the Spin-off and to net earnings available to BellRing common stockholders during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off. 
 We are a consumer products holding company operating in the global convenient nutrition category and are a provider of ready-to-drink RTD protein shakes and powders. We have a single operating and reportable segment, with our principal products being protein-based consumer goods. Our primary brands are Premier Protein and Dymatize. 
 Industry Company Trends 
 The success of companies in the convenient nutrition category is driven by how well such companies can grow, develop and differentiate their brands. We expect the convergence of several factors to support the continued growth of the convenient nutrition category, including: 
 consumers increasingly dedicated pursuit of active lifestyles and growing interest in nutrition and wellness; 
 growing awareness of the numerous health benefits of protein, including sustained energy, muscle recovery and satiety; and 
 a rise in snacking and the desire for products that can be consumed on-the-go as nutritious snacks or meal replacements. 
 Nonetheless, the consumer food and beverage industry faces a number of challenges and uncertainties, including: 
 the highly competitive nature of the industry, which involves competition from a host of nutritional food and beverage companies, including manufacturers of other branded food and beverage products as well as manufacturers of private label and store brand products; 
 changing consumer preferences which require food manufacturers to identify changing preferences and to offer products that appeal to consumers; 
 supply chain challenges, including labor shortages and equipment delays, which have delayed capacity expansion across the broader third-party aseptic processing contract manufacturer network; and 
 inflationary pressures (see Market Trends below for further information). 
 Seasonality 
 We have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our sales and operating profit margins because of customer spending patterns and timing of our key retailers promotional activity. Historically, our first fiscal quarter is seasonally low for all brands driven by a slowdown of consumption of our products during the holiday season. Sales are typically higher throughout the remainder of the fiscal year as a result of promotional activity at key retailers as well as organic growth of the business. 
 Market Trends 
 During fiscal 2023, input cost inflation, including raw material, packaging and manufacturing costs, impacted our supply chain and put downward pressure on profit margins. As a result, we took pricing actions on certain products. During fiscal 2024, inflationary pressures on protein costs eased while other costs, such as packaging and manufacturing, continued to face inflationary pressures. We expect inflationary pressures on most input costs to increase during fiscal 2025, and inflation could have a materially adverse impact on our business in the future if inflation rates were to significantly exceed our ability to achieve price increases or cost savings or if such price increases impact demand for our products. 
 For additional discussion, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources within this section, as well as Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements on page 1 of this report and Risk Factors in Part I of this report. 
 Items Affecting Comparability 
 During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net sales and/or operating profit were impacted by the following items: 
 accelerated amortization expense of 17.4 million and 7.1 million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the discontinuance of the PowerBar business in North America; and 
 5.0 million of expense for the year ended September 30, 2023 related to provisions for legal matters. For additional information, refer to Note 14 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 For further discussion, refer to Results of Operations within this section. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended September 30, Change in 
 dollars in millions 2024 2023 
 
 Net Sales 
 1,996.2 1,666.8 329.4 20 Operating Profit 
 387.7 287.3 100.4 35 Interest expense, net 
 58.3 66.9 (8.6) (13) Income tax expense 82.9 54.9 28.0 51 Net Earnings Available to Common Stockholders 246.5 165.5 81.0 49 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales increased 329.4 million, or 20 , during the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year. Sales of Premier Protein products were up 317.8 million, or 23 , driven by 25 higher volumes primarily due to increased promotional activity (which resulted in lower average net selling prices), higher RTD shake production and distribution gains. Sales of Dymatize products were up 13.0 million, or 6 , on 10 higher volume. Dymatize v olumes increased primarily due to higher international volumes, partially offset by lower domestic volumes. This increase was partially offset by decreased average net selling prices in the current year primarily due to increased promotional spending. Sales of all other products were down 1.4 million. 
 Operating Profit 
 Operating profit increased 100.4 million, or 35 , during the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by higher net sales (net of increased promotional activity), as previously discussed, and lower net product costs of 98.5 million (driven by lower raw material costs, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs). These positive impacts were partially offset by increased employee-related expenses of 29.9 million, higher advertising expense of 20.4 million and increased accelerated amortization expense of 10.3 million related to the discontinuance of the PowerBar business in North America. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net decreased 8.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources within this section). As a result, the weighted-average interest rate on our total outstanding debt decreased to 7.0 for the year ended September 30, 2024 from 7.2 for the year ended September 30, 2023. See Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2024 was 25.2 compared to 24.9 for fiscal 2023. The following table presents the reconciliation of income tax expense with amounts computed at the United States U.S. federal statutory tax rate. 
 Year Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2024 2023 Computed tax at federal statutory rate (21 69.2 46.3 State income taxes, net of effect on federal tax 13.5 8.4 Other, net (none in excess of 5 of computed tax) 0.2 0.2 Income tax expense 82.9 54.9 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s global tax reform initiative (referred to as Pillar 2) is aimed at ensuring multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax in all countries in which they operate, with certain aspects of Pillar 2 effective January 1, 2024 and other aspects effective January 1, 2025. We continue to evaluate the impact of these proposed and enacted legislative changes as new guidance becomes available and do not expect Pillar 2 to have a material impact on our effective income tax rate or our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we borrowed zero and 115.0 million, respectively, and repaid 25.0 million and 189.0 million, respectively, under our revolving credit facility, which is provided under our credit agreement entered into on March 10, 2022 (as amended, the Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of 250.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). We had 250.0 million and 225.0 million of borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and there were no outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Letters of credit are available under the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate amount of up to 20.0 million. The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the Company s request and at the discretion of the lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities, in each case on terms to be determined, and also permits the Company to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations on the amount as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we repurchased 2.6 million and 4.2 million shares, respectively, of our common stock at an average share price of 56.12 and 29.56 per share, respectively, and at a total cost, including accrued excise tax and broker s commissions, of 148.0 million and 126.3 million, respectively. 
 For additional information on our Credit Agreement and share repurchases, see Notes 13 and 16 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 We expect to generate positive cash flows from operations and believe our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and current and possible future credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our future working capital requirements, purchase commitments, research and development activities, debt repayments (including interest payments), share repurchases and other financing requirements for the foreseeable future. We are not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact meeting our capital needs during or beyond the next twelve months. Our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations is dependent on general economic conditions, competitive pressures and other business risk factors. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and cash on hand to satisfy our cash needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or otherwise to comply with the terms of our credit facilities, we may be required to seek additional financing alternatives. 
 Short-term financing needs primarily consist of working capital requirements and interest payments on our 7.00 senior notes maturing in March 2030 (the 7.00 Senior Notes ). Long-term financing needs include the repayment of our 7.00 Senior Notes. Additional long-term financing needs will depend largely on potential growth opportunities, including acquisition activity and other strategic transactions. Our asset-light business model requires modest capital expenditures, with annual capital expenditures over the last three fiscal years averaging less than 1 of net sales. No significant capital expenditures are planned for fiscal 2025. Additionally, we may continue to repurchase shares of our common stock. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 Cash Requirements 
 Our cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include: 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments See Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our debt and the timing of expected future principal and interest payments. 
 Operating Leases See Note 11 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our operating leases and the timing of expected future payments. 
 Purchase Obligations Purchase obligations are legally binding agreements to purchase goods, services or equipment that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and/or penalties imposed for failing to meet contracted minimum purchase quantities (such as take-or-pay contracts); fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. As of September 30, 2024, we had total purchase commitments of 1,517.0 million (with 661.2 million due in fiscal 2025) which extend through fiscal 2033. 
 Other liabilities Other liabilities include obligations associated with certain employee benefit programs, provisions for legal matters, unrecognized tax benefits and various other long-term liabilities, all of which have some inherent uncertainty as to the amount and timing of payments and were reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents select cash flow data, which is discussed below. 
 Year Ended September 30, dollars in millions 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 
 199.6 215.6 Investing activities 
 (1.8) (1.8) Financing activities 
 (175.1) (201.7) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 0.5 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 22.7 12.6 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 decreased 16.0 million compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to increased inventory levels in the current year (driven by higher production) , increased trade receivable levels in the current year (driven by higher net sales) and increased tax payments (net of refunds) of 32.3 million. These negative impacts were partially offset by fluctuations in the timing of payments of trade payables and decreased interest payments of 7.0 million due to lower borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for both the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1.8 million and related to capital expenditures in each year. 
 Financing Activities 
 Fiscal 2024 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 was 175.1 million. We paid 146.6 million, including broker s commissions, for the repurchase of our common stock and repaid 25.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Fiscal 2023 
 Cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2023 was 201.7 million. We paid 125.5 million, including broker s commissions, for the repurchase of our common stock and borrowed and repaid 115.0 million and 189.0 million, respectively, under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants applicable to us and our restricted subsidiaries customary for agreements of this type, including delivery of financial and other information; compliance with laws; maintenance of property; existence; insurance; books and records; providing inspection rights; obligation to provide collateral and guarantees by certain new subsidiaries; delivery of environmental reports; participation in an annual meeting with the agent and the lenders; further assurances; and limitations with respect to indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, restrictive agreements, use of proceeds, amendments of organization documents, prepayments and amendments of certain indebtedness, dispositions of assets, acquisitions and other investments, sale leaseback transactions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates and dividends and redemptions or repurchases of stock. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, we are also required to comply with a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed 6.00:1.00, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. We were in compliance with the financial covenant as of September 30, 2024 , and we do not believe non-compliance is reasonably likely in the foreseeable future. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at our request and at the discretion of the lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities, in each case on terms to be determined, and also permits us to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 In addition, the indenture governing the 7.00 Senior Notes contains negative covenants customary for this type of agreement that limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: borrow money or guarantee debt; create liens; pay dividends on, or redeem or repurchase, stock; make specified types of investments and acquisitions; enter into or permit to exist contractual limits on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; enter into transactions with affiliates; and sell assets or merge with other companies. Certain of these covenants are subject to suspension when and if the 7.00 Senior Notes receive investment grade ratings. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 COMMODITY TRENDS 
 We are exposed to price fluctuations primarily from purchases of ingredients and packaging materials, energy and other inputs. Our principal ingredients are milk-based, whey-based and soy-based proteins, protein blends, sweeteners and vitamin and mineral blends. Our principal packaging materials consist of aseptic foil and plastic lined cardboard cartons, flexible and rigid plastic film and containers, beverage packaging and corrugate. These costs have been volatile in recent years, and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We manage the impact of cost increases, wherever possible, on commercially reasonable terms, by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet our production requirements. In addition, we may attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However, for competitive reasons, we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. See Market Trends section above for additional information regarding inflationary pressures on our commodity purchases. 
 CURRENCY 
 Certain sales and costs of our foreign operations are denominated in Euros. Consequently, profits from these operations are impacted by fluctuations in the value of this currency relative to the U.S. Dollar. We incur gains and losses within our stockholders equity due to the translation of our financial statements from foreign currencies into U.S. Dollars and our income statement trends may be impacted by such translation of the income statements of our foreign operations. The exchange rates used to translate our foreign sales into U.S. Dollars negatively affected net sales by less than 1 during the year ended September 30, 2024, and did not have a material impact on our operating profit or net earnings during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the use of judgment, estimates and assumptions. We make these subjective determinations after considering our historical performance, management s experience, current economic trends and events and information from outside sources. Inherent in this process is the possibility that actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions for any particular period. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant amount of estimation uncertainty and have a meaningful impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition, Allowance for Trade Promotions The recognition of certain variable trade promotions, which are treated as a reduction of revenue, requires significant management judgment regarding estimated purchase volumes and program participation. Estimates are based on contractual provisions, redemption rate assumptions and our assessment of current market provisions. Redemption rate assumptions are based on historical results of similar promotions on a deal-by-deal basis, adjusted for current expectations of promotion performance based on current market trends. We review and update estimates of variable consideration quarterly. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. Less than 1 of our annual net sales represent variable consideration that will be resolved in the subsequent period. Based on historical experience, we do not believe that there will be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration when any uncertainties are resolved with customers. However, significant changes in our estimates could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 RECENTLY ISSUED AND ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 3 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, among others. For additional discussion of these risks, refer to Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements on page 1 and Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is exposed to commodity price risks relating to the purchases of raw materials. The Company manages the impact of cost increases, wherever possible, on commercially reasonable terms, by locking in prices on the quantities through purchase commitments required to meet production requirements. In addition, the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Company may attempt to offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to customers. However, for competitive reasons, the Company may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as they are incurred. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Related to Active Nutrition International GmbH, whose functional currency is the Euro, the Company is exposed to risks of fluctuations in future cash flows and earnings due to changes in exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had outstanding principal value indebtedness of 840.0 million related to its 7.00 Senior Notes. Additionally, the Company had an aggregate principal amount of 25.0 million outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2023. The Company had no outstanding borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the Company s debt, excluding any borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility, was 880.6 million and 830.0 million, respectively. Changes in interest rates impact fixed and variable rate debt differently. For fixed rate debt, a change in interest rates will only impact the fair value of the debt, whereas a change in the interest rates on variable rate debt will impact interest expense and cash flows. A hypothetical 10 decrease in interest rates would have increased the fair value of the fixed rate debt by approximately 7 million and 19 million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. A hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates would have had an immaterial impact on both interest expense and interest paid during both the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For additional information regarding the Company s debt, see Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BellRing Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders' deficit and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Receivables, net- Allowance for Trade Promotions 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, many of the Company's contracts with customers include some form of variable or fixed consideration. The most common forms of variable and fixed consideration are trade promotions, rebates and discount programs. These programs resulted in an allowance for trade promotions of million which is reflected as a reduction of Receivables, net as of September 30, 2024. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on specific customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement based on actual occurrence or performance. The Company reviews and updates estimates of variable consideration each period. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to receivables, net - allowance for trade promotions is a critical audit matter is the matter involved significant audit effort in performing procedures related to management s allowance for trade promotions. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the accuracy and valuation of the allowance for trade promotions. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for determining the allowance for trade promotions; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology; and (iii) testing the accuracy and relevance of underlying data used to determine the allowance for trade promotions by examining customer agreements and sales data on a test basis. 

/s/ 

November 19, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share data) Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Net Sales Cost of goods sold Gross Profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Operating Profit Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Earnings before Income Taxes Income tax expense Net Earnings Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Less: Net earnings attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Net Earnings Available to Common Stockholders Earnings per share of Common Stock: Basic Diluted Weighted-Average shares of Common Stock Outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Net Earnings Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Hedging adjustments: Reclassifications to net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments: Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments ) Tax expense on other comprehensive income: Reclassifications to net earnings ) Total Other Comprehensive Income Including Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Less: Comprehensive income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Total Comprehensive Income Available to Common Stockholders 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value) September 30, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 14) 
 Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding in each year 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized in each year, and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest Adjustments to reconcile net earnings including redeemable noncontrolling interest to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt, net Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other, net Other changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities Decrease in non-current liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Additions to property ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of merger consideration ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance, extinguishment costs and deferred financing fees 
 ) Distributions from Post Holdings, Inc., net 
 Other, net ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year Supplemental noncash information: Debt issued to Post Holdings, Inc. in connection with Spin-off 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (in millions As of and for the Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Preferred Stock Beginning and end of year Common Stock Beginning of year Impact of Spin-off End of year Additional Paid-in Capital Beginning of year Activity under stock and deferred compensation plans ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation expense Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) End of year Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Beginning of year ) ) ) Net earnings available to common stockholders Distributions to Post Holdings, Inc. ) Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest Impact of Spin-off End of year ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Hedging Adjustments, net of tax Beginning of year ) Net change in hedges, net of tax End of year Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Beginning of year ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) End of year ) ) ) Treasury Stock Beginning of year ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Impact of Spin-off End of year ) ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) ) Preferred Stock, shares Beginning and end of year Common Stock, shares Beginning of year Activity under stock and deferred compensation plans Impact of Spin-off Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) End of year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 in millions, except per share information or where indicated otherwise) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 million shares of its Class A common stock, par value per share Old BellRing Class A Common Stock ), and contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to BellRing Brands, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of Old BellRing BellRing LLC ), in exchange for million BellRing LLC non-voting membership units (the BellRing LLC units ). As a result of the IPO and certain other transactions completed in connection with the IPO (the formation transactions ), BellRing LLC became the holder of the active nutrition business of Post Holdings, Inc. Post ). Old BellRing, as a holding company, had no material assets other than its ownership of BellRing LLC units and its indirect interests in the subsidiaries of BellRing LLC and had no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow. The members of BellRing LLC were Post and Old BellRing. 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2022, Post completed its distribution of of its ownership interest in BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Distribution, LLC) BellRing to Post s shareholders. On March 9, 2022, pursuant to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2021 (as amended by Amendment No.1 to the Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 28, 2022, the Transaction Agreement ), by and among Post, Old BellRing, BellRing and BellRing Merger Sub Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BellRing BellRing Merger Sub ), Post contributed its share of Old BellRing Class B common stock, par value per share Old BellRing Class B Common Stock ), all of its BellRing LLC units and of cash to BellRing (collectively, the Contribution in exchange for certain limited liability company interests of BellRing (prior to the conversion of BellRing into a Delaware corporation) and the right to receive in aggregate principal amount of BellRing s 7.00 Senior Notes (as defined in Note 13). 
 On March 10, 2022, BellRing converted into a Delaware corporation and changed its name to BellRing Brands, Inc. , and Post distributed an aggregate of million, or , of its shares of BellRing common stock, par value per share BellRing Common Stock to Post shareholders in a pro-rata distribution (the Distribution ). 
 Upon completion of the Distribution, BellRing Merger Sub merged with and into Old BellRing (the Merger ), with Old BellRing continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of BellRing. Pursuant to the Merger, each outstanding share of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock was converted into one share of BellRing Common Stock and in cash, or total consideration paid t o Old BellRing Class A common stockholders pursuant to the Merger . As a result of the transactions described above (collectively, the Spin-off ), BellRing became the new public parent company of, and successor issuer to, Old BellRing, and shares of BellRing Common Stock were deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated thereunder. 
 Immediately prior to the Spin-off, Post held million BellRing LLC units, equal to of the economic interest in BellRing LLC, and one share of Old BellRing Class B Common Stock, which represented of the combined voting power of the common stock of Old BellRing. Immediately following the Spin-off, Post owned million shares, or , of BellRing Common Stock, which did not represent a controlling interest in BellRing. As a result of the Spin-off, the dual class voting structure in the BellRing business was eliminated. 
 On August 11, 2022, Post transferred million shares of its BellRing Common Stock to certain financial institutions in satisfaction of term loan obligations of Post. On November 25, 2022, Post transferred its remaining million shares of BellRing Common Stock to certain financial institutions in satisfaction of term loan obligations of Post. As such, Post had no ownership of BellRing Common Stock as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 The Company incurred separation-related expenses of and during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in connection with its separation from Post. These expenses generally included third-party costs for advisory services, fees charged by other service providers and government filing fees and were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No separation-related expenses were incurred during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 The term Company generally refers to Old BellRing and its consolidated subsidiaries during the period prior to the Spin-off and to BellRing and its consolidated subsidiaries during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off, unless otherwise stated or context otherwise indicates. The term Common Stock generally refers to Old BellRing Class A Common Stock and Old BellRing Class B Common Stock during the period prior to the Spin-off and to BellRing Common Stock during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off. The term Net earnings available to common stockholders generally refers to net earnings available to Old BellRing Class A common stockholders during the period prior to the Spin-off and to net earnings available to BellRing common stockholders during the periods subsequent to the Spin-off. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 
 and , respectively, in available cash, of which and , respectively, was outside of the United States U.S. ). The Company s intention is to reinvest these funds indefinitely. 
 to years for machinery and equipment; to years for buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements; and to years for software. Total depreciation expense was , and in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Software Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, net 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, the majority of the Company s tangible long-lived assets were located in Europe and had a net carrying value of and , respectively; the remainder were located in the U.S. 
 Accumulated impairment losses Goodwill 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 , and in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the definite-lived intangible assets recorded as of September 30, 2024, amortization expense is expected to be per year for fiscal 2025 through fiscal 2029. Intangible assets consisted of: 
 ) ) Trademarks and brands ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Intangible assets, net ) ) 
 In August 2023, the Company approved a plan to discontinue the PowerBar business in North America . In connection with the discontinuance, the Company updated the useful lives of the customer relationships and trademark associated with the PowerBar business in North America to reflect the remaining period in which the Company expects to sell existing PowerBar product inventory in North America. Accelerated amortization of and was recorded during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting from the updated useful lives of the customer relationships and trademark associated with the PowerBar business in North America, which were fully amortized and written off as of September 30, 2024. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, which were recorded as a reduction of Receivables, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Variable consideration is treated as a reduction of revenue at the time product revenue is recognized. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on specific customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement based on actual occurrence or performance. The Company does not believe that there will be significant changes to its estimates of variable consideration when any uncertainties are resolved with customers. The Company reviews and updates estimates of variable consideration each period. Uncertainties related to the estimates of variable consideration are resolved in a short time frame and do not require any additional constraint on variable consideration. The majority of trade promotions are redeemed in the form of invoice credits against trade receivables. 
 
 , and in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 of the economic interest in BellRing LLC (see Note 1), which, as a result of the IPO and formation transactions, was treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, BellRing LLC was itself generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax under current U.S. tax laws. Old BellRing was subject to U.S. federal income taxes, in addition to state and local income taxes, with respect to its distributive share of the items of income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC. Old BellRing was also subject to taxes in foreign jurisdictions. Subsequent to the Spin-off, the Company reported 100 of the income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC for U.S. federal, state, and local income tax purposes. 
 
 NOTE 3 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Powders Other Net Sales 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 , and of total fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 net sales, respectively. The largest concentration of foreign sales in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was within Canada, which accounted for , and of total foreign sales, respectively. 
 Three customers individually accounted for more than 10 of total net sales in each of the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of total net sales in the year ended September 30, 2022. One customer accounted for , and of total net sales in the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A second customer accounted for , and of total net sales in the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A third customer accounted for and of total net sales in the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, but did not account for more than 10 of total net sales in the year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 , and , respectively. MSA fees were reported in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company licenses certain intellectual property to and from Post and its subsidiaries based upon prices governed by agreements between the Company and Post and its subsidiaries, consistent with prices of similar arm's-length transactions. During each of the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, royalties paid to and received from Post and its subsidiaries were immaterial. 
 Co-Packing Agreement 
 On September 30, 2022, Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Premier Nutrition ), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a co-packing agreement with Comet Processing, Inc. Comet ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Post (the Co-Packing Agreement ). Under the Co-Packing Agreement, Premier Nutrition procures certain packaging materials for Comet that Comet utilizes in the production of RTD shakes for Premier Nutrition. In December 2023, in accordance with the terms of the Co-Packing Agreement, Comet began manufacturing RTD shakes for Premier Nutrition. During the year ended September 30, 2024, purchases of RTD shakes manufactured by Comet were . There were no purchases of RTD shakes manufactured by Comet during fiscal 2023 or 2022. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had current payables with Post of and , respectively, related to RTD shake purchases and MSA fees in the current year and reimbursable start-up costs in the prior year, which were included in Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Current receivables with Post at both September 30, 2024 and 2023 were immaterial. 
 Stock Based Compensation 
 Prior to the IPO, the Company s employees participated in various Post long-term incentive plans which issued awards connected to Post common stock Post Equity Awards ). Subsequent to the IPO, BellRing employees were no longer eligible to receive new issuances of Post Equity Awards; however, BellRing employees continued to vest in any issued and outstanding Post Equity Awards, pursuant to the terms of the awards, and the Company incurred pass-through charges from Post relating to these awards. During each of the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, total compensation cost related to the Post Equity Awards recognized by the Company was immaterial, and all Post Equity Awards had vested as of September 30, 2023. There was no compensation cost related to the Post Equity Awards recognized by the Company during the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 million BellRing LLC units equal to of the economic interest in BellRing LLC. Prior to the Spin-off, Post had the right to redeem BellRing LLC units for, at BellRing LLC s option (as 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Immediately prior to the Spin-off, Old BellRing owned of the outstanding BellRing LLC units. Prior to the Spin-off, the financial results of BellRing LLC and its subsidiaries were consolidated with Old BellRing, and the portion of the consolidated net earnings of BellRing LLC to which Post was entitled was allocated to the NCI during the period. 
 Immediately following the Spin-off, Post owned of the BellRing Common Stock, which did not represent a controlling interest in the Company. As a result of the Spin-off, the carrying amount of the NCI was reduced to immediately following the Spin-off. 
 The following table summarizes the changes to the Company s NCI for the year ended September 30, 2022 prior to the Spin-off. There were no changes to the Company s NCI for the years ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 as the carrying amount of the NCI was reduced to immediately following the Spin-off. 
 Net earnings attributable to NCI 
 Net change in hedges, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Redemption value adjustment to NCI ) Impact of Spin-off ) End of year 
 The following table summarizes the effects of changes in NCI on the Company s equity for the year ended September 30, 2022 prior to the Spin-off. There were no transfers to or from NCI for the years ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 as the carrying amount of the NCI was reduced to immediately following the Spin-off. 
 Transfers from NCI: 
 Changes in equity as a result of redemption value adjustment to NCI ) Increase in equity as a result of the Spin-off ) Changes from net earnings available to common stockholders and transfers from NCI 
 ) 
 
 NOTE 7 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2024 was compared to for fiscal 2023 and for fiscal 2022. The increase in the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to the change in tax expense allocation related to the Spin-off. After the Spin-off, the Company reported 100 of the income, gain, loss and deduction of BellRing LLC for U.S. federal, state, and local income tax purposes, whereas, prior to the Spin-off in the second quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company reported Old BellRing s share of such activity. This increase was partially offset by higher separation-related expenses incurred in connection with the Spin-off in fiscal 2022 that were treated as non-deductible. 
 The following table presents the reconciliation of income tax expense with amounts computed at the federal statutory tax rate. 
 Income tax expense attributable to NCI ) State income taxes, net of effect on federal tax Transaction costs Other, net (none in excess of 5 of computed tax) ) Income tax expense 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred tax non-current assets (liabilities) were as follows: 
 Accrued vacation, incentive and severance Capitalized research and development 
 Inventory Stock-based compensation awards Lease liabilities Intangible assets ) ) ) ) ROU assets ) ) ) ) Property ) ) ) ) Total deferred income taxes 
 ) ) 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 and at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as it is the Company s intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. Any additional income taxes and applicable foreign withholding taxes that would be payable on the remittance of such undistributed earnings would be immaterial. 
 For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, foreign income before income taxes was , and , respectively. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent the Company s assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate will be recorded in the period in which the determination is made. 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had net unrecognized tax benefits of and , respectively. There was no material unrecognized tax benefits activity during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 or 2022. The amount of the net unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would directly affect the effective tax rate was at September 30, 2024. No material changes to unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2024 are expected to be recognized within the next twelve months. 
 The Company computes tax-related interest and penalties as the difference between the tax position recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amount previously taken on the Company s tax returns and classifies these amounts as components of income tax (benefit) expense. During each of the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, expenses recorded related to interest and penalties were immaterial, and the Company had immaterial interest and penalty accruals at both September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign jurisdiction income tax returns for the tax years ended September 30, 2021 through September 30, 2023 are generally open and subject to examination by the tax authorities in each respective jurisdiction. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Dilutive impact of net earnings attributable to NCI Net earnings available to common stockholders for diluted earnings per share shares in millions Weighted-average shares for basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units Weighted-average shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share of Common Stock Diluted earnings per share of Common Stock 
 The following table details the securities that have been excluded from the calculation of weighted-average shares for diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive. 
 Performance-based restricted stock units 
 
 NOTE 9 Research and development expenses Interest paid Income taxes paid (a) 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 Other Allowance for credit losses ) ) Inventories Raw materials and supplies Work in process Finished products Accounts Payable Trade Related party Other Other Current Liabilities Accrued legal matters Accrued compensation Advertising and promotion Other 
 
 NOTE 11 
 year to years and most leases provide the Company with the option to exercise one or more renewal terms. 
 The following table presents the balance sheet location of the Company s operating leases. 
 Lease liabilities: Other current liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: Implied interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 The following table presents supplemental information related to the Company s operating leases. 
 Variable lease expense Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years years years Weighted-average incremental borrowing rate 
 
 Operating cash flows for amounts included in the measurement of the Company s operating lease liabilities for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were , and , respectively. Short-term lease expense for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was immaterial. ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were immaterial. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Certain assets and liabilities, including property, goodwill and other intangible assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. No impairment charges were recorded for property, goodwill or other intangible assets during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 or 2022. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 Revolving Credit Facility Total principal amount of debt Less: Debt issuance costs, net Long-term debt 
 Senior Notes 
 On March 10, 2022, pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of senior notes maturing in March 2030 (the 7.00 Senior Notes to Post as partial consideration for the Contribution in 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 , which were deferred and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 7.00 Senior Notes. Interest payments are due semi-annually each March 15 and September 15. The 7.00 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of BellRing and are guaranteed by BellRing s existing and subsequently acquired or organized wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that guarantee the Credit Agreement or the Company s other indebtedness (other than immaterial subsidiaries, certain excluded subsidiaries and subsidiaries the Company designates as unrestricted subsidiaries). The maturity date of the 7.00 Senior Notes is March 15, 2030. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On March 10, 2022, pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), which provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with commitments made available to the Company in U.S. Dollars, Euros and United Kingdom U.K. Pounds Sterling. Letters of credit are available under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of up to . Any outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement must be repaid on or before March 10, 2027. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at an annual rate equal to: (i) in the case of loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, at the Company s option, the base rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin which ranges from to depending on the Company s secured net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement), or the adjusted term SOFR rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period plus a margin which ranges from to depending on the Company s secured net leverage ratio; (ii) in the case of loans denominated in Euros, the adjusted Eurodollar rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period plus a margin which ranges from to depending on the Company s secured net leverage ratio; and (iii) in the case of loans denominated in U.K. Pounds Sterling, the adjusted daily simple RFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin which ranges from to depending on the Company s secured net leverage ratio. Facility fees on the daily unused amount of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility will accrue at rates ranging from to per annum, depending on the Company s secured net leverage ratio. 
 The Company incurred of financing fees in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, which were deferred and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility. During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company borrowed , and under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively, and repaid , and under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively. The interest rate on the utilized portion of the Revolving Credit Facility was as of September 30, 2023 and there were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. The available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . There were outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, BellRing is required to maintain a total net leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) not to exceed :1.00, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The total net leverage ratio of the Company did not exceed this threshold as of September 30, 2024 . 
 The Credit Agreement provides for potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the Company s request and at the discretion of the lenders or other persons providing such incremental facilities, in each case on terms to be determined, and also permits the Company to incur other secured or unsecured debt, in all cases subject to conditions and limitations as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 Furthermore, the Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the maturity of the loans under the Credit Agreement may accelerate and the administrative agent and lenders under the Credit Agreement may exercise other rights and remedies available at law or under the loan documents, including with respect to the collateral securing, and guarantees of, the Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by its existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct and indirect subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries, certain excluded subsidiaries and subsidiaries the Company designates as unrestricted subsidiaries) and are secured by security interests in substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of its subsidiary guarantors, but excluding, in each case, real property. 
 Old Credit Agreement 
 On October 21, 2019, BellRing LLC entered into a credit agreement (as subsequently amended, the Old Credit Agreement which provided for a term B loan facility in an aggregate original principal amount of (the Term B 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 (the Old Revolving Credit Facility ), with the commitments under the Old Revolving Credit Facility to be made available to BellRing LLC in U.S. Dollars, Euros and U.K. Pounds Sterling. Letters of credit were available under the Old Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount of up to . 
 On March 10, 2022, with certain of the proceeds from the transactions related to the Spin-off, BellRing LLC repaid the aggregate outstanding principal balance of on its Term B Facility and terminated all obligations and commitments under the Old Credit Agreement. The Company recorded a loss of in the year ended September 30, 2022, which was included in Loss on extinguishment of debt, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This loss included (i) a write-off of unamortized discounts and debt extinguishment fees, (ii) a write-off of unamortized net hedging losses recorded within accumulated OCI related to the Term B Facility and (iii) a w rite-off of debt issuance costs and deferred financing fees. Following the termination of the Old Credit Agreement, BellRing LLC and the guarantors had no further obligations under the Old Credit Agreement and the related guarantees other than customary indemnification obligations which continue. 
 The Term B Facility required quarterly scheduled amortization payments of which began on March 31, 2020. Interest was paid on each Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Old Credit Agreement) during the period prior to the termination of the Old Credit Agreement. The Term B Facility contained customary mandatory pre-payment provisions, and during the year ended September 30, 2022 and prior to the termination of the Old Credit Agreement, the Company repaid on its Term B Facility as a mandatory prepayment from fiscal 2021 excess cash flow (as defined in the Old Credit Agreement), which was in addition to the scheduled amortization payments. 
 There were no borrowings under or repayments on the Old Revolving Credit Facility during the year ended September 30, 2022, prior to the facility being terminated. 
 Estimated Future Payments 
 As of September 30, 2024, there are no expected principal payments on the Company s debt for the next five fiscal years based on the debt maturity dates. Any future borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will be required to be repaid on or before the March 2027 maturity date under the Credit Agreement. Estimated future interest payments on the Company s debt through fiscal 2029 are expected to be (with expected in fiscal 2025) based on the interest rates at September 30, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 , which includes statutory damages and prejudgment interest, and in August 2023, the Court entered a judgment awarding plaintiff in attorney s fees and costs. In October 2022, each plaintiff and Premier Nutrition filed Notices of Appeal to the Ninth Circuit on the damages award and in December 2023 Premier Nutrition filed its Notice of Appeal to the Ninth Circuit on the attorney s fees award. In August 2024, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion on the damages award affirming the trial court s decision on liability, vacating and remanding to the trial court for further consideration its decision on calculated damages and reversing the trial court s award of prejudgment interest to plaintiff. Premier s subsequent petition for en banc rehearing with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals was denied in October 2024. The other eight Related Federal Actions remain pending, and the court has certified individual state classes in each of those cases (except New Mexico). 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, related to the legal matter and plaintiff legal fees in connection with the Joint Juice litigation, which was included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other than legal fees, no expense related to this litigation was incurred during the year ended September 30, 2024. At both September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had an estimated liability of related to these matters that was included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Protein Products Class Litigation 
 In June 2023, a complaint was filed on behalf of a putative, nationwide class of consumers against the Company and Premier Nutrition in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint alleges that Premier Nutrition engages in fraud and false advertising (via alleged affirmative representations and omissions) regarding its RTD protein shakes and protein powders by marketing the products as good sources of nutrition and protein when the products contain (or have a material risk of containing) high levels of undisclosed lead (this lawsuit is hereinafter referred to as the Protein Products Class Lawsuit ). Plaintiffs seek monetary remedies for economic injury (products are allegedly worth less than what was paid for them), as well as injunctive relief. The Protein Products Class Lawsuit alleges that high levels of lead pose serious safety risks, but does not allege that any plaintiff or putative class member suffered personal injuries and does not seek any remedies for personal injuries. 
 The Company and Premier Nutrition filed a motion to dismiss this case in August 2023, which motion was granted in part and denied in part. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in July 2024 and in August 2024 the Company and Premier Nutrition filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, which motion is pending. The Company intends to vigorously defend the case, including appealing any adverse judgement or award. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of the Protein Products Class Lawsuit will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Other than legal fees, no expense related to the Protein Products Class Lawsuit was incurred during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 or 2022. 
 California Proposition 65 Notice re Lead in Protein Products 
 On June 7, 2023, the Fitzgerald Joseph LLP law firm (the same firm that filed the Protein Products Class Lawsuit) issued a 60-Day Notice of Intent to Sue under California s Safe Water and Toxic Enforcement Act (Proposition 65) for alleged violation of Proposition 65 with respect to lead levels in Premier Nutrition s RTD protein shakes and protein powders (this matter is hereinafter referred to as the Protein Products Prop 65 Notice ). 
 Premier Nutrition intends to vigorously defend against the Protein Products Prop 65 Notice. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of the Protein Products Prop 65 Notice will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 15 
 years, provided, however, that the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee of BellRing s Board of Directors may, in its discretion, grant awards with a longer term to participants who are located outside of the U.S. On September 12, 2024, the Company registered an additional million shares reserved for issuance under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan. At September 30, 2024 there were million shares available to be issued for stock-based compensation awards under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 In connection with the Spin-off and the related Merger, all outstanding unexercised and unexpired options to purchase shares of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock, outstanding restricted stock units with respect to shares of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock and other equity awards with respect to shares of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock outstanding under the BellRing Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Equity Awards ), whether or not exercisable or vested, were assumed by BellRing based on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Transaction Agreement. Additionally, the Board of Directors of BellRing approved adjustments to the terms of the outstanding Equity Awards to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards. The adjustments to the Equity Awards were based on the volume weighted average price of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock during the five trading day period prior to and including March 10, 2022 and the volume weighted average price of BellRing Common Stock during the five trading day period immediately following March 10, 2022. The Equity Awards adjustments made in connection with the Spin-off had an immaterial impact on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, total compensation cost for BellRing s non-cash stock-based compensation awards recognized was , and , respectively, and the related recognized deferred tax benefit was , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the total compensation cost related to BellRing s nonvested awards not yet recognized was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of year. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 The fair value of each stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Model. The Company used the simplified method for estimating a stock option term as it did not have sufficient historical stock options exercise experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The expected term is estimated based on the award s vesting period and contractual term. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S. Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. 
 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was in the year ended September 30, 2022, and the Company received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of during the year ended September 30, 2022. There were no stock options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 Information about RSUs is summarized in the following table. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 The grant date fair value of each RSU was determined based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested RSUs was , and at September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total vest date fair value of RSUs that vested during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested Forfeited Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 The Company grants PRSUs to certain employees and directors. These awards will be earned by comparing BellRing s total shareholder return TSR during a period of approximately three years to the respective TSRs of companies in a performance peer group. Based upon BellRing s ranking in its performance peer group when comparing TSRs, a recipient of the PRSU grant may earn a total award ranging from to of the target award. The fair value of each PRSU was estimated on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 The weighted-average assumptions for PRSUs granted during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are summarized in the table below. 
 2023 2022 Expected term 
 years years years Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends Fair value (per PRSU) 

NOTE 16 
 Average price per share (a) Total share repurchase cost (b) 
 . 
 (a) Average price per share excludes accrued excise tax and broker s commissions, which are included in Total share repurchase cost within this table. 
 (b) Purchases of treasury stock in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 excluded and , respectively, of accrued excise tax that had not been paid as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s repurchases of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock during the year ended September 30, 2022 prior to the Spin-off . 
 Average price per share (a) Total share repurchase costs 
 (a) Average price per share excludes broker s commissions, which are included in Total share repurchase cost within this table. 
 In connection with the Spin-off, million shares of Old BellRing Class A Common Stock held in treasury stock immediately prior to the Merger effective time were cancelled pursuant to the Transaction Agreement. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 As of September 30, 2024, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based upon the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on management s assessment utilizing these criteria, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Based on management s evaluation, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 Transaction Bonus Agreements 
 On November 18, 2024, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Company s entry into a transaction bonus agreement (a Bonus Agreement with Darcy H. Davenport, CEO of the Company, Paul A. Rode, CFO of the Company, Doug J. Cornille, Chief Growth Officer of Premier Nutrition, Craig L. Rosenthal, Chief Legal Officer of the Company and Robin Singh, Senior Vice President, Operations of Premier Nutrition (each, an Executive ). Pursuant to each Bonus Agreement, upon the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the Bonus Agreement), each Executive will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to 100 of the Executive s annual salary (the Transaction Bonus ). 
 The Transaction Bonus will be paid in a lump sum upon or within 30 days following the change in control, subject to the Executive s continued employment through the payment date. However, if an Executive s employment is terminated without cause or the Executive resigns for good reason (each as defined in the Bonus Agreement), in either case, prior to the payment date but following the date the Company has entered into an agreement the consummation of which would result in a change in control, the Executive will remain entitled to receive the Transaction Bonus upon or within 30 days following the change in control. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 The foregoing description of the Bonus Agreement with each Executive does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Bonus Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.14 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Gross-Up Agreements 
 In addition, on November 18, 2024, the Committee approved the Company s entry into an agreement (an Agreement with each Executive. Pursuant to each Agreement, if it is determined that an Executive would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), as a result of any payment in the nature of compensation to or for the benefit of an Executive, the Company will pay or caused to be paid to the Executive a gross-up payment. The gross-up payment will be in an amount sufficient to put the Executive in the same after-tax position as though the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code did not apply. 
 The foregoing description of the Agreement with each Executive does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.15 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance - Board Meetings and Committees, Corporate Governance - Nomination Process for Election of Directors, and Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the year ended September 30, 2024 (the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Information regarding executive officers of the Company is included in the Information about our Executive Officers section under Business in Item 1 of this report. 
 The Company has a code of ethics, our Code of Conduct, applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which sets forth the Company s expectations for the conduct of business by our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company s website at www.bellring.com. In the event the Company amends the Code of Conduct or waivers of compliance are granted and it is determined that such amendments or waivers are subject to the disclosure provisions of Item 5.05 of Form 8-K, the Company will post such amendments or waivers on its website or in a report on Form 8-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Compensation of Officers and Directors, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Report in the 2025 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. The information contained in Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee Report in the 2025 Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to the liabilities of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Stockholders and Compensation of Officers and Directors - Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2025 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence and Role of the Independent Lead Director in the 2025 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item, appearing under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2025 Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as a part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements . The following are filed as a part of this document under Item 8. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules . None. Schedules not included have been omitted because they are not applicable or not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits . See the following Exhibit Index. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No Description 2.1 Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Distribution, LLC and BellRing Merger Sub Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021) 
 2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Transaction Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 28, 2022, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Distribution, LLC and BellRing Merger Sub Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2022) 
 3.1 BellRing Brands, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 3.2 BellRing Brands, Inc. Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated March 10, 2022, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly BellRing Distribution, LLC) and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 4.2 Form of Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 4.3 Description of Company s Registered Securities 
 10.1 Amended BellRing Brands, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2023) 
 10.2 Form of Omnibus Amendment to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.3 Form of Omnibus Amendment to Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.4 Form of Omnibus Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.5 Form of BellRing Brands, Inc. Executive Chairman Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.6 Form of BellRing Brands, Inc. Executive Chairman Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, by and between BellRing Brands, Inc. and Robert V. Vitale (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.8 
 Amended BellRing Brands, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan For Directors (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.9 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2022) 
 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 10.11 BellRing Brands, Inc. Senior Management Bonus Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.12 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.13 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2019) 
 10.14 
 Form of Transaction Bonus Agreement 
 10.15 
 Form of Gross Up Agreement 
 10.16 
 Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc., BellRing Brands, Inc. and BellRing Brands, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No Description 10.17 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement, dated August 4, 2023, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc., BellRing Brands, Inc. and BellRing Brands, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2023) 
 10.18 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Distribution, LLC), Post Holdings, Inc. and the other stockholders party thereto from time to time (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 10.19 
 Amended and Restated Employee Matters Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among Post Holdings, Inc., BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Brands, Inc.), BellRing Brands, LLC and BellRing Brands, Inc. (formerly known as BellRing Distribution, LLC) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 10.20 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., Post Holdings, Inc. and BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 10.21 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated October 21, 2019, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., BellRing Brands, LLC and Post Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019) 
 10.22 
 Credit Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among BellRing Brands, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and each lender from time to time party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Second Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022) 
 10.23 
 Amended and Restated Master Supply Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2023, by and between Premier Nutrition Company, LLC and Fonterra (USA) Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2023) 
 10.24 
 MPC Purchase Commitment, dated as of July 1, 2023 by and between Premier Nutrition Company, LLC and Fonterra (USA) Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2023) 
 10.25 
 Stremick Heritage Foods, LLC, Jasper Products, LLC and Premier Nutrition Company Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2023) 
 19.1 
 BellRing Brands, Inc. Insider Trading Policy 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (Included under Signatures) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Darcy H. Davenport pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 19 , 20 2 4 
 31.2 
 Certification of Paul A. Rode pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 1 9 , 20 24 
 32.1 Certification of Darcy H. Davenport and Paul A. Rode, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated November 1 9 , 20 24 
 101 Interactive Data File (Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 filed in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language)). The financial information contained in the iXBRL-related documents is unaudited and unreviewed. 
 104 The cover page from the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and contained in Exhibit 101 
 
 Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the SEC. These exhibits constitute management contracts, compensatory plans and arrangements. Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, BellRing Brands, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. BELLRING BRANDS, INC. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul A. Rode and Craig L. Rosenthal, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 19, 2024 Darcy H. Davenport /s/ Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) November 19, 2024 Paul A. Rode /s/ Robert V. Vitale Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 November 19, 2024 Robert V. Vitale /s/ Shawn W. Conway 
 Director November 19, 2024 Shawn W. Conway 
 /s/ Thomas P. Erickson Director November 19, 2024 Thomas P. Erickson /s/ Jennifer Kuperman Johnson Director November 19, 2024 Jennifer Kuperman Johnson /s/ Chonda J. Nwamu Director November 19, 2024 Chonda J. Nwamu /s/ Elliot H. Stein, Jr. Director November 19, 2024 Elliot H. Stein, Jr. 

75 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 brbrfy2024ex43.htm
 REGISTERED SECURITIES

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF BELLRING BRANDS, INC. S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a brief description of the registered securities of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company, BellRing, we, us or our ). This description is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of our certificate of incorporation (the certificate of incorporation filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K12B filed on March 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference, and to the full text of our bylaws (the bylaws filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 8-K12B filed on March 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 General 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, we may issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol BRBR . 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights . The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held by such holder on the applicable record date on all matters on which stockholders are generally entitled to vote. 
 Dividends . The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 Liquidation or Dissolution . Upon our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in those of our assets that are legally available for distribution to stockholders after payment of liabilities and subject to the special rights and preferences, if any, of any holders of our preferred stock then outstanding. 
 Other Rights . There are no preemptive rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock, and the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Limitations of Rights of Holders of Common Stock - Preferred Stock 
 The rights of holders of our common stock may be materially limited or qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of any preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, to determine the terms and conditions of the preferred stock, including whether the shares of preferred stock will be issued in one or more series, the number of shares to be included in each series and the powers (including voting powers), designations, preferences and rights of the shares. Our board of directors also is authorized to designate any qualifications, limitations or restrictions on the shares without any further vote or action by our stockholders, subject to applicable rules of the NYSE and Delaware law. 
 Authorizing our board of directors to establish preferred stock eliminates delays associated with seeking stockholder approval of the creation of a particular class or series of preferred stock. The rights of the holders of our common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock issued at any time, including in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock, which could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. These provisions also could make it more difficult for our stockholders to effect certain corporate actions, including the election of directors. 

Corporate Opportunities 
 The General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL permits the adoption of a provision in a corporation s certificate of incorporation renouncing any interests or expectancy of a corporation in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities or specified classes or categories of business opportunities that are presented to the corporation or to one or more of its directors, officers or stockholders. 
 Our certificate of incorporation includes certain provisions regulating and defining the conduct of our affairs to the extent that they may involve Post Holdings, Inc. Post and its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for purposes of these provisions) and our rights, powers, duties and liabilities and those of our directors, officers, managers, employees and agents in connection with our relationship with Post. In general, and except as may be set forth in any agreement between us and Post, these provisions provide that Post and its affiliates may carry on and conduct any business of any kind, nature or description, whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as us Post and its affiliates may do business with any of our customers, vendors and lessors and Post and its affiliates may make investments in any kind of property in which we may make investments. In addition, these provisions provide that we renounce any interest or expectancy to participate in any business of Post or its affiliates. 
 Moreover, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interests or expectancy in corporate opportunities which become known to (i) any of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates (except that we and our subsidiaries are not deemed affiliates of Post or its affiliates for the purposes of the provision) or (ii) Post or its affiliates. The provision generally provides that neither Post nor our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents who also are directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post or its affiliates will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that any such person pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for the account of Post or its affiliates, directs, recommends or transfers such corporate opportunity to Post or its affiliates or does not offer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us or any person controlled by us because such person has directed or intends to direct such opportunity to Post or one of its affiliates. This renunciation does not extend to corporate opportunities expressly offered to one of our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents, solely in his or her capacity as our director, officer, manager, employee or agent. 
 These provisions in our certificate of incorporation cease to apply at such time as none of the directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates of Post serve as our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a future takeover or change in control unless such takeover or change in control is approved by our board of directors. These provisions include 
 No Special Meetings Called by Stockholders . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by any consent in lieu of a meeting. Our bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders can only be called by the affirmative vote of a majority of our entire board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors or our president. Except as described above, stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require the board of directors to call a special meeting. 
 Advance Notice Procedures . Our bylaws contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to us of any business to be brought by a stockholder before an annual meeting and providing for procedures to be followed by stockholders in nominating persons for election to our board of directors. Ordinarily, the stockholder must give notice in writing to our Secretary not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date of the first anniversary of the prior year s annual meeting except that, in the event that the date of the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be received not earlier than the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement 

of the date of the annual meeting is first made. For stockholder proposals, the notice must include a description of the proposal, the reasons for the proposal and other specified matters. Our board of directors may reject any proposals or nominations that have not followed these procedures or that are not a proper subject for stockholder action in accordance with the provisions of applicable law. Although our bylaws do not otherwise give the board of directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business or the nomination of certain individuals at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 Directors, and Not Stockholders, Fix the Size of Our Board of Directors . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the number of directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by our board of directors, but in no event will it consist of less than five nor more than twelve directors. 
 Vacancies and Newly-Created Directorships on Our Board of Directors. Subject to the special rights of holders of any outstanding series of our preferred stock, any vacancy on our board of directors occurring for any reason, and any newly created directorships which occur by reason of an increase in the number of directors, will be filled only by the majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum or by a sole remaining director. These provisions could make it more difficult for our stockholders to affect the composition of the board of directors. 
 Classified Board of Directors Removal of Directors . Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. The number of directors assigned to each class is as equal as reasonably possible. Each class will hold office until the third annual stockholders meeting for election of directors following the most recent election of such class and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. With only a portion of our board of directors up for election each year, the existence of a classified board of directors could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us because it would take more than one annual meeting to do so. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors may only be removed for cause, which could also make it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares . Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to applicable rules of the NYSE and Delaware law. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings or private offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans and equity grants. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our common stock by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. We do not intend to solicit approval of stockholders for issuance of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock, unless our board of directors believes that approval is advisable or is required by applicable rules of the NYSE or Delaware law. 
 Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 The DGCL generally provides that a corporation may amend its certificate of incorporation upon a resolution of its board of directors proposing the amendment and its submission to the stockholders for their approval upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power entitled to vote thereon. Our certificate of incorporation provides that it may be amended in accordance with and upon the vote prescribed by Delaware law, except that the indemnification provisions of the certificate of incorporation may be amended (or a provision inconsistent with the indemnification provisions adopted) only upon the affirmative vote of not less than 85 of all of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 The DGCL provides that the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of a corporation is held by the stockholders of the corporation, except that a corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal its bylaws upon the board of directors of the corporation, but the fact that such power has been so conferred upon the board of directors will not divest the stockholders of such power or limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that our board of directors may amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of the bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also 

provide that stockholders may amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of the bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the voting power entitled to vote thereon. 
 Directors Liability Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 The DGCL permits a corporation, in its certificate of incorporation, to limit or eliminate, subject to certain statutory limitations, the liability of directors to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty, except for liability 
 for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders 
 for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law 
 in respect of certain unlawful dividend payments or stock redemptions or repurchases and 
 for any transaction from which a director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 The DGCL permits a corporation, under specified circumstances, to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlements actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that they were or are directors, officers, employees or agents of the corporation, if such directors, officers, employees or agents acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reason to believe their conduct was unlawful. In a derivative action or suit (i.e., one by or in the right of the corporation), indemnification may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred by directors, officers, employees and agents in connection with the defense or settlement of an action or suit, and only with respect to a matter as to which they have acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification will be made if such person has been adjudged liable to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought determines upon application that the defendant directors, officers, employees or agents are fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses despite such adjudication of liability. 
 The DGCL also permits corporations to advance expenses incurred by an officer or director of the corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. 
 Our certificate of incorporation limits the liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and provides that we will provide our directors and officers with customary indemnification and advancement. We have entered into customary indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our executive officers that provide them, in general, with customary indemnification and advancement in connection with their service to us or on our behalf. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 The DGCL permits a corporation to require, and not prohibit, in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, internal corporate claims to be brought (only) in Delaware. Under Section 115 of the DGCL, internal corporate claims means claims, including claims in the right of the corporation, (i) that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director or officer or stockholder in such capacity or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery. 
 Section 12 of our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the State of Delaware) is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty 

any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Section 12 does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that U.S. federal courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Further, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our common stock will be deemed to have notice of Section 12 of our certificate of incorporation. 
 Although our certificate of incorporation contains the exclusive forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. The exclusive forum provision does not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 fy24formexhib1014formtrans.htm
 TRANSACTION BONUS AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

 TRANSACTION BONUS AGREEMENT 
 THIS TRANSACTION BONUS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of ________________ (the Effective Date ), by and between BellRing Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and __________________ Employee ). Each party hereto is individually referred to as a Party and collectively referred to as the Parties . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the BellRing Brands, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 WHEREAS , in anticipation of the possibility of a Change in Control, the Company desires to provide a potential reward to Employee for Employee s role in the successful completion of the Change in Control, subject to the limitations described herein and 
 WHEREAS , the Company and Employee have each agreed to execute this Agreement to provide for the rights and obligations set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Transaction Bonus . 
 
 (a) Upon and subject to the successful completion of the Change in Control, the Company agrees to pay, or cause to be paid to, Employee a cash transaction bonus in an amount equal to 100 of the Employee s then-current base salary (the Transaction Bonus ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Transaction Bonus shall be paid in one lump-sum payment on or within 30 days following the closing date of the Change in Control (the Payment Date ). Subject to Section 1(b) hereof, in order to receive the Transaction Bonus (or any portion thereof), Employee must continue active employment with the Company (or one of its affiliates) through the Payment Date, and Employee must not have previously tendered a notice of resignation prior to the Payment Date. 
 
 (b) If, prior to the Payment Date but following the date the Company has entered into an agreement the consummation of which would result in a Change in Control, Employee s employment is terminated (x) by the Company or an affiliate without Cause, (y) due to Employee s death or Disability, or (z) by Employee for Good Reason (each a Qualified Termination ), then Employee shall be entitled to receive any then-unpaid portion of the Transaction Bonus on the Payment Date. If, prior to the Payment Date, (i) Employee tenders a notice of resignation without Good Reason or (ii) Employee s employment terminates for any reason other than a Qualified Termination, then Employee shall immediately forfeit Employee s right to receive the Transaction Bonus upon the date of such termination of employment. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the capitalized terms shall have the following meanings 

(a) Cause shall mean (i) in the case where there is no employment agreement, consulting agreement, severance and change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company or an affiliate and Employee at the time of the grant of this Agreement (or where there is such an agreement but it does not define Cause (or words of like import)), termination due to (x) Employee s conviction of a crime, the circumstances of which involve fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds, dishonesty or moral turpitude, and which is substantially related to the circumstances of Employee s duties (y) Employee s conviction of a crime, the circumstances of which involve federal or state securities laws or (z) Employee s falsification of Company or affiliate records or (ii) in the case where there is an employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company and Employee at the time of the award of this Agreement that defines Cause (or words of like import), Cause as defined under such agreement. With respect to a termination of directorship, Cause means an act or failure to act that constitutes cause for removal of a director under applicable Delaware law. 
 
 (b) Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement, consulting agreement, severance and change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company and Employee at the time of the award of this Agreement that defines Good Reason (or words of like import). 
 
 3. Taxes . The Company and its affiliates may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, employment, and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee acknowledges and represents that the Company and its affiliates have not provided any tax advice to Employee in connection with this Agreement and Employee has been advised by the Company to seek tax advice from Employee s own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments and benefits that may be made to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 4. No Obligation to Proceed with Change in Control No Agreement Absent Change in Control . Employee acknowledges and understands that the Company retains sole discretion to determine if and when to proceed with the Change in Control and the terms and conditions upon which any such Change in Control will be affected. Nothing contained herein shall obligate the Company, or any other person or entity, to pursue a Change in Control now or at any other time. In the event that the Change in Control is not consummated prior to the seventh (7 th anniversary of the date of the Effective Date, this Agreement shall be null and void (with no Transaction Bonus paid) without further action by either Party hereto. 
 
 5. Confidentiality . Employee agrees to maintain absolute confidentiality and secrecy concerning the terms of this Agreement (including the existence or terms of any Change in Control) and will not reveal, or disseminate by publication in any manner whatsoever, this document or any matters pertaining to it to any other person (in the broadest sense of the term), including without limitation any past or present employee, officer, or director of the Company or its affiliates or any media representative, except as required by legal process. This confidentiality provision does not apply to communications necessary between immediate family 
 2 

members, legal and financial planners or tax preparers. However, Employee shall ensure that such individuals also uphold the confidentiality of this Agreement and will be responsible for any breach of confidentiality by such individuals as if it is a breach of this Agreement by Employee. 
 
 6. No Right to Employment or Other Status Non-Alienation . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving Employee the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates. The Transaction Bonus will not be funded, set aside, or otherwise segregated prior to payment and shall only be earned by Employee upon a good faith determination by the Company that all eligibility requirements have been successfully met. The obligation to pay the Transaction Bonus shall at all times be an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 7. Remedies . Employee understands and agrees that if Employee breaches any term of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any obligation under Section 5 , Employee shall be subject, upon petition to any court of competent jurisdiction, to any remedy available to the Company at law or in equity, including disgorgement and recoupment of the Transaction Bonus and payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Company. 
 
 8. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and the Company s or a related entity s successors and assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise with respect to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, and Employee s spouse, heirs, and personal and legal representatives. 
 
 9. Governing Law Waiver of Jury Trial . This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its choice of law rules. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 10. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be considered one and the same Agreement. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format .pdf form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 
 11. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions by and between Employee and the Company with respect to 
 3 

the subject matter hereof. In executing this Agreement, neither Party relies on any term, condition, promise, or representation other than those expressed in this Agreement. 
 
 12. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended, terminated or discontinued in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the discretion of the Board provided , however , that no such amendment, termination or discontinuance shall, without Employee s consent, adversely affect Employee that has undergone a Qualified Termination prior to the effective date of any such amendment, termination or discontinuance provided further that following (i) the date the Company has entered into an agreement the consummation of which would result in a Change in Control (until such time as the Change in Control occurs or such agreement is terminated) or (ii) a Change in Control, this Agreement may not be amended, terminated or discontinued in whole or in part, at any time prior to the Payment Date without the written consent of Employee. 
 
 13. Section 409A . The intent of the Parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A the Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in accordance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Employee shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until Employee would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A, and any payments described in this Agreement that are due within the short term deferral period as defined in Section 409A shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement during the six month period immediately following Employee s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, death). To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Employee under this Agreement shall be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided) during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to any such payment. Employee shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A. 

Signature pages follow 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date indicated above 

BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 fy24formexhib1015formgross.htm
 GROSS UP AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

 GROSS-UP AGREEMENT 
 THIS GROSS-UP AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of ______________ (the Effective Date ), by and between BellRing Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and together with its subsidiaries, successors, or affiliates, the Company Group and _______________ Employee ). Each party hereto is individually referred to as a Party and collectively referred to as the Parties . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the BellRing Brands, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 WHEREAS , Section 4999 of the Code imposes an excise tax on certain payments called excess parachutes payments (as determined pursuant to Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code that are made in connection with a transaction (or series of transactions) to which Section 280G of the Code applies (a Transaction and such excise Tax is in addition to any other taxes that Employee may owe with respect to a payment, including income taxes and employment taxes and 
 WHEREAS , in anticipation of the possibility of the imposition of an excise tax to Employee, and in consideration for Employee s continued services to the Company, the Parties hereto agree to execute this Agreement to provide for the rights and obligations set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Gross-Up . 
 
 (a) In the event that it shall be determined that, for any taxable year, Employee would be subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code or other substitute or similar tax assessment (the Excise Tax as a result of any payment (including, without limitation, any acceleration of vesting of any equity or equity-based awards, severance payments or any payments made pursuant to any benefit plan of the Company applicable to Employee individually or generally to employees of the Company) or distribution to or for the benefit of Employee from the Company Group (the Payment ), the Company will pay, or cause to be paid, to or on behalf of Employee an additional amount (the Gross-Up Payment ). The Gross-Up Payment will be an amount such that the net amount that Employee retains, after deduction of (i) the Excise Tax on the Payments, (ii) any federal, state, and local income tax and the Excise Tax upon the Gross-Up Payment, and (iii) any interest, penalties, or additions to tax payable by Employee with respect thereto, will be equal to the total present value (determined under Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code) of the Payments at the time such Payments are to be made, as determined by the Company in good faith. The Gross-Up Payments are subject to tax withholding, and all or a portion may be withheld and paid over to the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or any other applicable taxing authority for Employee s benefit at the time when the Excise Tax is required to be withheld from any Payment to Employee. 

(b) Subject to the provisions of this Section 1(b) , all determinations required to be made under this Section 1 , including whether and when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by, at the Company s discretion, either Golden Parachute Tax Solutions, LLC or a nationally recognized certified accounting firm designated jointly by the Company and Employee (in either case, the Consultant ). If the Company electes to engage a nationally recognized certified accounting firm and the Company and Employee are unable to designate jointly the accounting firm, then the firm shall be the accounting firm used by the Company at the time of the transaction giving rise to the Excise Tax. The Consultant shall provide detailed supporting calculations to the Parties within 20 business days following the consummation of a Transaction and within 20 business days following Employee s receipt of any other Payment (provided, that no additional report shall be provided for each payment of COBRA premiums, unless the cost of such premiums changes). All fees and expenses of the Consultant shall be borne solely by the Company. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 1 , the Consultant may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good-faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Consultant hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made by the Company should have been made Underpayment ), consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 1(c) and Employee thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Consultant shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment plus any applicable interest or penalties, and such amount shall be paid within 10 days of such determination by the Company to the IRS or any other applicable taxing authority for Employee s benefit. 
 
 (c) Employee shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the IRS that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as practicable but no later than 10 business days after Employee is informed in writing of such claim and shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. Employee shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following the date on which Employee gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due). If the Company notifies Employee in writing prior to the expiration of such period that it desires to contest such claim Employee shall 
 (i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such claim, 
 (ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by any attorney reasonably selected by the Company, 
 2 

(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such claim, and 
 (iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceeding relating to such claim 
 provided , however , that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) in connection with such contest and shall indemnify and hold Employee harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this Section 1(c) , the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole option, either direct Employee to pay the tax claimed and sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and Employee agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall determine provided further , that if the Company directs Employee to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the Company shall advance the amount of such payment to Employee on an interest-free basis and shall indemnify and hold Employee harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance and provided further , that any extension of statue of limitations relating to payment of taxes for Employee s taxable year with respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore, the Company s control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and Employee shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the IRS or any other taxing authority. 
 (d) If, after the receipt by Employee of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 1(b) or Section 1(c) , Employee becomes entitled to receive, and receives, any refund with respect to such claim, Employee shall promptly pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). 
 
 (e) If it is established pursuant to a final determination of a court or an IRS proceeding that the Excise Tax is less than the amount previously taken into account under this Agreement, Employee will repay the Company the portion of the Gross-Up Payment attributable to such reduction plus any interest received by Employee pursuant to such final determination or from the IRS on the amount of such repayment provided that if any such amount has been paid by Employee as an Excise Tax or other tax, Employee will cooperate with the Company in seeking a refund of any tax overpayments, and Employee will not be required to make repayments to the Company until the overpaid taxes and interest thereon are refunded to Employee. Employee will make the repayment to the Company no later than 30 days after Employee s receipt of notice of such final determination or, if Employee paid such amounts to the IRS, 30 days after Employee receive a refund of such amounts from the IRS, if later. 
 3 

2. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the capitalized terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 (a) Cause shall mean (i) in the case where there is no employment agreement, consulting agreement, severance and change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between any member of the Company Group and Employee at the time of the grant of this Agreement (or where there is such an agreement but it does not define Cause (or words of like import)), termination due to (x) Employee s conviction of a crime, the circumstances of which involve fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds, dishonesty or moral turpitude, and which is substantially related to the circumstances of Employee s duties (y) Employee s conviction of a crime, the circumstances of which involve federal or state securities laws or (z) Employee s falsification of any records of any member of the Company Group or (ii) in the case where there is an employment agreement, consulting agreement, change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company and Employee at the time of the award of this Agreement that defines Cause (or words of like import), Cause as defined under such agreement. With respect to a termination of directorship, Cause means an act or failure to act that constitutes cause for removal of a director under applicable Delaware law. 
 
 (b) Good Reason shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement, consulting agreement, severance and change in control agreement or similar agreement in effect between the Company and Employee at the time of the award of this Agreement that defines Good Reason (or words of like import). 
 
 3. Taxes . The Company Group may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement applicable taxes, including but not limited to income, employment, and social insurance taxes, as shall be required by law. Employee acknowledges and represents that no member of the Company Group has provided any tax advice to Employee in connection with this Agreement and Employee has been advised by the Company to seek tax advice from Employee s own tax advisors regarding this Agreement and payments and benefits that may be made to Employee pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 4. No Obligation to Proceed with Transaction No Agreement Absent Transaction . Employee acknowledges and understands that the Company retains sole discretion to determine if and when to proceed with a Transaction and the terms and conditions upon which any such Transaction will be affected. Nothing contained herein shall obligate the Company, or any other person or entity, to pursue a Transaction now or at any other time. In the event that (i) the a Transaction is not consummated prior to the seventh (7 th anniversary of the Effective Date, or (ii) Employee is terminated by the Company for Cause or Employee tenders a notice of resignation without Good Reason, this Agreement shall be null and void without further action by either Party hereto. 
 
 5. Confidentiality . Employee agrees to maintain absolute confidentiality and secrecy concerning the terms of this Agreement (including the existence or terms of any Transaction) and will not reveal, or disseminate by publication in any manner whatsoever, this 
 4 

document or any matters pertaining to it to any other person (in the broadest sense of the term), including without limitation any past or present employee, officer, or director of the Company or its affiliates or any media representative, except as required by legal process. This confidentiality provision does not apply to communications necessary between immediate family members, legal and financial planners or tax preparers. However, Employee shall ensure that such individuals also uphold the confidentiality of this Agreement and will be responsible for any breach of confidentiality by such individuals as if it is a breach of this Agreement by Employee. 
 
 6. No Right to Employment or Other Status Non-Alienation . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving Employee the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company Group. The obligation to pay the Gross-Up Payment shall at all times be an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 7. Remedies . Employee understands and agrees that if Employee breaches any term of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any obligation under Section 5 , Employee shall be subject, upon petition to any court of competent jurisdiction, to any remedy available to the Company at law or in equity, including disgorgement and recoupment of the Gross-Up Payment and payment of all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by the Company. 
 
 8. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Parties and the Company s or a related entity s successors and assigns, including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise with respect to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, and Employee s spouse, heirs, and personal and legal representatives. 
 
 9. Governing Law Waiver of Jury Trial . This Agreement will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its choice of law rules. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 10. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be considered one and the same Agreement. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format .pdf form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 
 11. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions by and between Employee and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof, including any provision in any other written agreement between 
 5 

Employee and any member of the Company Group that provides for a reduction in Payments in order to avoid the imposition of the Excise Tax, including, without limitation pursuant to the LTIP and CIC Agreement . In executing this Agreement, neither Party relies on any term, condition, promise, or representation other than those expressed in this Agreement. 
 
 12. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended, terminated or discontinued in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at the discretion of the Board provided , however , that no such amendment, termination or discontinuance shall, without Employee s consent, adversely affect Employee that has undergone a termination of employment prior to the effective date of any such amendment, termination or discontinuance provided further that following (i) the date the Company has entered into an agreement the consummation of which would result in a Transaction (until such time as the Transaction occurs or such agreement is terminated) or (ii) a Transaction, this Agreement may not be amended, terminated or discontinued in whole or in part without the written consent of Employee. 
 
 13. Section 409A . The intent of the Parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A the Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in accordance therewith. The Gross-up Payment and any other compensation under this Agreement will be made no later than the date specified under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(v). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Employee shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of any payments under this Agreement which are subject to Section 409A until Employee would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A, and any payments described in this Agreement that are due within the short term deferral period as defined in Section 409A shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement during the six month period immediately following Employee s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following Employee s separation from service (or, if earlier, death). To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Employee under this Agreement shall be paid to Employee on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided) during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying 
 6 

to any such payment. Employee shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A. 
 
 Signature pages follow 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date indicated above 

BellRing Brands, Inc. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

Signature Page to Gross-Up Agreement 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 fy24formexhib191bellringin.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Document 
 Exhibit 19.1 

BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 POLICY 
 Employees and directors of BellRing Brands, Inc. BellRing or the Company and its subsidiaries must comply with all applicable federal, state and foreign securities laws. Employees and directors must refrain from trading in BellRing securities while in possession of material, nonpublic information and from trading in the debt or equity securities of another company while in possession of material, nonpublic information of such other company in the course of their service to BellRing. 
 
 BellRing s Board of Directors has adopted the following guidelines and the accompanying Question & Answer section Q&As as its insider trading policy both to satisfy BellRing s obligation to prevent insider trading and to help BellRing personnel avoid the severe consequences associated with violations of insider trading laws. The Q&As explain various aspects of the guidelines and are an integral part of BellRing s policy. 
 
 SCOPE 
 This policy applies to all members of the Company s Board of Directors and all employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company also may determine that other persons should be subject to this policy, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material, non-public information. This policy also applies to a person s family members who share such person s household, any member of a person s family for whom such person provides substantial financial support or for whom such person directs transactions in BellRing securities or who is subject to such person s influence or control, and any entities controlled by a person covered by this policy. 
 
 GUIDELINES 
 1. Employees and directors in possession of material, nonpublic information about BellRing must refrain from any direct or indirect trading in BellRing securities for their own account or any account in which they have a direct or indirect beneficial interest (including securities held in BellRing s benefit or savings plans) until there is public disclosure and adequate dissemination of the information. Employees and directors must also refrain from engaging in any other action to take personal advantage of material, nonpublic information. 
 2. Transactions by family members or controlled entities of an employee or director are treated for purposes of this policy and applicable securities laws as if they were for that employee s or director s own account. Accordingly, all references to an employee or director with regard to all trading restrictions and other procedures in this policy also apply to that employee s or director s family members who are subject to this policy and controlled entities. Each employee and director is personally responsible for the actions of that employee s or director s family members who are subject to this policy and controlled entities. 
 
 3. Employees and directors who come into possession of material, nonpublic information about BellRing or, in the course of their service to BellRing, about any other company, must not reveal such information to any other person including co workers (except to specified persons that BellRing s Legal Department advises are permitted to know such information), customers, suppliers, friends and family 
 1 

members. This includes through anonymous communications online and elsewhere and via any social media. Penalties and disciplinary actions for revealing material, nonpublic information can be imposed whether or not an employee or director trades in the securities and whether or not he or she receives any benefit. 
 
 4. Employees and directors shall not engage in the following transactions in BellRing securities 
 
 (a) trading in puts and calls (publicly traded options to sell or buy securities) or other hedging transactions 
 (b) purchasing BellRing securities on margin, borrowing against any account in which BellRing securities are held, or pledging BellRing securities as collateral for a loan without the Required Pre Clearance 
 (c) engaging in short sales i.e., selling securities not owned at the time of the sale or selling borrowed securities or 
 (d) knowingly engaging in any transaction that appears to involve the misuse of material information unavailable to the investing public. 
 5. Employees and directors should consult with the Legal Department if there is any question about the timing or other aspects of transactions involving BellRing securities. 
 
 6. As used in this policy, the term Required Pre Clearance means that a particular transaction or trade involving BellRing securities has been pre cleared by BellRing s Legal Department (however, no officer may pre clear any such transaction in which he or she has an interest and BellRing s Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer must pre-clear any such transaction by BellRing s General Counsel). 

Amended May 3, 2023 
 2 

BELLRING BRANDS, INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 Q&A 
 
 What are the penalties of insider trading 
 
 Under federal securities laws, insider trading can result in severe civil and criminal penalties, including fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, as well as imprisonment. BellRing could also be liable for fines of 1 million or more as a result of an employee s or director s insider trading or tipping (as described below). BellRing s commitment to comply with federal securities laws is firm and absolute. Violation of this policy will result in discipline, up to and including discharge. 
 
 What is material information 
 
 Information is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider that information important when making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to affect a company s stock price, whether positive or negative, should be considered material. Some examples of information that could be seen as material are 
 
 Information related to future earnings or losses or other earnings guidance, including changes in estimated earnings or write-offs 
 Information related to a default on any financial obligation or a significant contract 
 News related to potential or actual litigation, disputes or governmental investigations 
 News of a pending or proposed merger, acquisition, joint venture, significant sale of assets or disposition of a subsidiary or joint venture 
 News of a possible new significant customer or of a possible loss of a significant customer 
 A significant cybersecurity incident 
 Information about the offering of additional securities 
 Material changes in a company s capital structure or financing arrangements and 
 News of significant changes in senior management or a company s board of directors. 
 
 When is information not public 
 
 Nonpublic information means information that has not been disclosed to the general public. Public disclosure means that the information is widely disclosed, such as to the wire services through a press release or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and that a sufficient waiting period has elapsed for the information to be effectively disseminated to the public. Announcements by clients or suppliers, rumors or other unofficial statements in the press or marketplace do not constitute public disclosure. 
 
 BellRing has established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad public dissemination of the information. You may not, therefore, disclose information to anyone outside of BellRing, including family members and friends, other than in accordance with those procedures. 
 
 If you have any doubt at all about whether you possess material, nonpublic information, you should consult with BellRing s Legal Department. 
 
 Is it okay if I tell someone else material, nonpublic information but don t trade in the securities myself 
 
 No. You may not pass material, nonpublic information on to others or recommend to anyone the purchase or sale of BellRing securities when you are aware of such information. This practice, known as tipping, also 
 3 

violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, even though you did not trade and did not gain any benefit from another s trading. You may, however, disclose material, nonpublic information to BellRing Board members or employees in the course of fulfilling your 
 duties to BellRing, and you may also disclose material, nonpublic information to outside persons (such as attorneys, accountants and consultants providing services to BellRing) where necessary to accomplish BellRing business. In such instances, there must be in place assurances that the outside party will maintain the confidentiality of the information and not use the information for trading purposes or to tip others. 
 
 You may not permit anyone acting on your behalf to buy or sell securities that may be affected by the information. You may not publish material, nonpublic information on publicly accessible sites on the Internet, such as chat rooms or bulletin boards, or via social media, such as Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn. 
 
 Someone left a draft of a press release in the copy room announcing a new acquisition for BellRing. May I purchase BellRing securities knowing that information May I purchase securities in the other company if it is publicly traded 
 
 No. If the acquisition is significant (and it probably is if BellRing is issuing a press release) you may not purchase BellRing securities or securities in the other company until it has been publicly announced. If you are in doubt about the significance of the transaction, you should consult with BellRing s Legal Department. 
 
 I have been notified that I am an insider. What does this mean for me 
 
 The officers and members of the Board of Directors of BellRing and certain other BellRing employees have been notified that they have been identified as having regular access to material, nonpublic information about BellRing BellRing Insiders ). As a result, BellRing Insiders are prohibited from trading in BellRing securities during the period beginning on the start of the sixth business day of the last month of each calendar quarter (March, June, September and December) and continuing until the start of the second business day following the issuance of BellRing s press release of its financial results for the reporting period that includes such calendar quarter (each of these periods is called a closed window period ). From time to time, if BellRing Insiders possess material information about BellRing that has not been publicly released, BellRing Insiders will be notified of additional closed window periods during which no trading will be permitted even if it is not during an otherwise closed window period. 
 
 What is Section 16 and does it apply to me 
 
 Under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), each director, 10 stockholder and certain officers of BellRing (the Section 16 Insiders must file periodic reports with the SEC listing the amount of BellRing securities (including derivative securities such as restricted stock units, stock options, warrants and convertible securities) he or she owns. Changes in a Section 16 Insider s beneficial ownership of BellRing securities must be reported on SEC Form 4 within two business days after the date on which such change occurs or in certain cases on SEC Form 5 within 45 days after fiscal year end. Failure to report transactions and late filing of reports require separate disclosure in BellRing s proxy statements. Section 16 also requires each Section 16 Insider to turn over to BellRing any short swing profits realized by the Section 16 Insider from any non exempt purchase and sale, or sale and purchase, of BellRing securities in any period of less than six months. You will be informed by BellRing s Legal Department if you are designated as a Section 16 Insider. 
 
 The rules are complex and special rules or exceptions apply in certain situations. Section 16 Insiders are responsible for complying with Section 16 and should consider the Section 16 consequences before trading in BellRing securities. 
 
 How does BellRing s insider trading policy apply to benefit plan transactions in BellRing securities 
 4 

We intend to have a 401(k) plan (the BellRing 401(k) plan and a deferred compensation plan for eligible members of our Board of Directors (the BellRing director deferred compensation plan ). It is expected that the BellRing director deferred compensation plan will offer a BellRing common stock fund as a notional investment option. This policy will not apply to notional investments of BellRing securities in the BellRing director deferred compensation plan resulting from periodic contributions of money pursuant to a director deferral election. If the BellRing 401(k) plan or any other BellRing employee benefit plans offer a BellRing common stock fund as an investment option, then this policy will not apply to purchases of BellRing securities in these plans resulting from periodic contributions of money pursuant to a payroll deduction election. This policy will, however, apply to certain elections you may make under the BellRing director deferred compensation plan, the BellRing 401(k) plan and other BellRing employee benefit plans that include BellRing securities as an investment option, including (a) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of your periodic contributions that will be allocated to the BellRing common stock fund, (b) an election to make an intra plan transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the BellRing common stock fund, to the extent permitted by the applicable plan, (c) an election to borrow money against your BellRing 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation of some or all of your BellRing common stock fund balance, and (d) an election to pre pay a plan loan under the BellRing 401(k) plan if the pre payment will result in allocation of loan proceeds to the BellRing common stock fund. You may not undertake any of these elections at a time when you would be prohibited by this policy from directly trading in BellRing securities (for example, during a closed window period). 
 
 I work in the finance department and am aware that BellRing is taking a sizable write off this quarter. As a result, earnings will be lower than expected. I was planning to transfer a portion of my accumulated balance in the BellRing Common Stock Fund of the BellRing 401(k) plan to a different fund. Must I postpone this transaction until earnings are released 
 
 Yes. You may not make any transaction in the BellRing common stock fund (if one exists) while you possess material, nonpublic information. This includes transfers (in or out) of accumulated values, withdrawals or changes in future contributions. 
 
 BellRing has granted me some restricted stock units RSUs which will vest soon. As an employee, BellRing gives me the option to either pay cash to satisfy my tax withholding obligations or for BellRing to net settle my RSUs by reducing the number of shares it issues to me when the RSUs vest to cover my tax withholding obligations. Does the insider trading policy prohibit me from net settling my RSUs to cover my tax withholding obligations during a closed window period 
 
 No. Your choice to have BellRing withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon vesting of your RSUs is exempt from Section 16 of the Exchange Act and is not subject to this policy. However, shares of BellRing stock issued to you when your RSUs vest are treated like any other shares of stock, and you may not sell such shares of stock if you have material, nonpublic information or are otherwise prohibited from selling shares under this policy (such as during a closed window period if you are a BellRing Insider). 
 
 BellRing has granted me some stock options. Am I limited by the insider trading policy as to when I can pay cash to exercise the options 
 
 No. The exercise of a company granted stock option with cash is not subject to this policy, nor is your election to have BellRing reduce the number of shares delivered to you as the result of the option exercise to satisfy tax withholding requirements. If you are an employee (but not a director) of BellRing, you also may choose to net settle your stock option exercise and the number of shares delivered to you will be reduced by the amount of the exercise price for your stock options. However, stock received upon exercise of a stock option is treated like any other stock, and you may not sell such stock if you have material, nonpublic information or are 
 5 

otherwise prohibited from selling shares under this policy (such as during a closed window period if you are a BellRing insider). 
 
 I am a BellRing Insider and have been granted employee stock options. I understand that I may pay cash to exercise these options without regard to the closed window period. Is there any circumstance in which I can also sell during the closed window period shares I acquire when I exercise my options 
 
 No. During closed window periods and during any period of time in which you possess material, nonpublic information, you may not publicly sell any of the shares acquired upon exercise of any employee stock options. This includes any sale of stock as part of a broker assisted cashless exercise of an option or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of, or the tax obligations associated with the exercise of, an option. 
 
 I am a director and have been granted RSUs. When the RSUs vest, may I sell BellRing stock (including shares of BellRing stock issued due to the vesting of the RSUs) to satisfy my tax obligations during a closed window period 
 
 No. During closed window periods and during any period of time in which you possess material, nonpublic information, you may not publicly sell any of the shares acquired upon vesting of any RSUs, including any sale of stock for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the tax obligations associated with the vesting of the RSUs. 
 
 This policy says that BellRing s directors and certain employees have been designated as BellRing Insiders. Are these the only persons who are subject to this policy 
 
 No. Although only BellRing Insiders are prohibited from trading during closed window periods, any BellRing employee (including a BellRing Insider) who possesses material, nonpublic information about BellRing may not buy or sell BellRing securities for as long as that information is material and nonpublic (whether or not during a closed window period). As noted above, if you have any doubt at all about whether you possess material, nonpublic information, you should consult with BellRing s Legal Department. 
 
 Do I need to get permission to buy BellRing securities 
 
 All Section 16 Insiders (i.e., members of the Board of Directors and certain of our officers) must pre clear each of their trades in BellRing securities (including any purchases, sales, gifts or other transfers) with the BellRing Legal Department. If you are not a Section 16 Insider and or do not possess material, nonpublic information, you are not required to pre clear your trades or other transactions in BellRing securities however, you are still subject to the other requirements set forth in this policy. If you contact E TRADE to conduct a transaction in BellRing stock, it is recommended that you contact E TRADE no later than 11 00 a.m. Eastern Time on the day you wish to conduct the transaction however, this is not a guarantee that the transaction will still be able to be completed on the same business day. Please remember that all closed window periods begin at the start of the first day of the period and take that timing into consideration when planning your trades. A request for pre clearance should be submitted to the BellRing Legal Department at least one business day in advance of the proposed transaction. Unless you are otherwise notified, a Required Pre-clearance will remain valid for the shorter of two business days (with the date you receive the Required Pre-clearance being the first business day) or until the close of market on the business day before a closed window period. Neither the BellRing Legal Department nor the CEO or CFO (in the case of a Required Pre Clearance) is under any obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre clearance, and may determine not to permit the transaction. If a person seeks pre clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she must refrain from engaging in such transaction in BellRing securities. When a request for pre-clearance is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material, nonpublic information about BellRing, and should fully describe those circumstances as part of his or her request. He or 
 6 

she should also indicate whether he or she has effected any non exempt opposite way transactions within the past six months that could subject him or her to short-swing profit liability and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an appropriate Form 4 or Form 5, as described above, and should also be prepared to comply with Rule 144 and file Form 144, if necessary, at the time of any sale. 
 
 Can I enter into a 10b5 1 Plan 
 
 Any employee will be permitted to trade pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ), which is a pre-planned trading program. A Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be in writing, must be approved by the Company s Legal Department and must meet the requirements of the rules of the SEC, as they may exist from time to time, for establishing that a transaction in a company s securities was not made on the basis of material, nonpublic information. A Rule 10b5-1 Plan may only be put into place or modified after a cooling off period of at least 90 days for BellRing Insiders and at least 30 days for all other employees and when there are no closed window restrictions. A BellRing Insider also will be required to certify that he or she is not in possession of material, nonpublic information when adopting or modifying a 10b5-1 Plan by including a representation and warranty to that effect in any 10b5-1 Plan. To assure compliance with this policy, BellRing Insiders must obtain approval of BellRing s Legal Department prior to establishing a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. Section 16 Insiders should understand that the approval or adoption of a Rule 10b5-1 Plan in no way reduces or eliminates such person s disclosure or short swing profit liabilities under Section 16, as described above. 
 This policy prohibits transactions in puts and calls. Why are these transactions restricted 
 
 Given the relative short term of publicly traded options, transactions in options may create the appearance that a director or employee is trading based on material, nonpublic information and focus the individual s attention on short term performance at the expense of BellRing s long term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in put and call options, or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this policy. However, the restrictions on puts and calls in this policy do not apply to stock options awarded under BellRing s equity incentive plans, which are addressed elsewhere in this policy. 
 
 What are hedging transactions, and why are they restricted 
 
 Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds, let an employee or director continue to own a company s securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. These transactions are speculative in nature and create the appearance that the transaction is based on material, nonpublic information. In addition, giving up the full risks and rewards of ownership can result in the perception that a company employee or director no longer has the same interests as the company s other stockholders. Therefore, BellRing employees and directors are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. 
 
 This policy also restricts margining of BellRing securities. What does this mean 
 
 Buying on margin means borrowing money to buy BellRing securities. This is typically done by setting up a margin account with a broker. With a margin account, an investor borrows money from the broker to buy securities, and uses the securities as collateral for the loan. Because borrowing money to buy securities may be viewed as encouraging speculation, our policy prohibits employees and directors from margining BellRing securities unless certain conditions are satisfied. Accordingly, if you want to buy BellRing securities on margin, first, you must obtain the Required Pre Clearance and, second, you must demonstrate that you have the financial capacity to repay the loan or substitute collateral in order to avoid a forced sale of BellRing securities. In addition, BellRing s directors and executive officers are prohibited under BellRing s hedging and pledging policy from pledging, hypothecating or otherwise encumbering BellRing s securities as collateral for indebtedness (which prohibition includes, but is not limited to, holding such securities in a margin account). 
 
 This policy says that short sales of BellRing securities are prohibited. What is a short sale 
 7 

In a short sale, an investor agrees to sell securities which he or she does not own to another person at a future date. The investor expects to purchase the securities at a lower price in the future prior to the time he or she has committed to sell them. Employees and directors who engage in short selling place themselves in the position of profiting from a decline in the market price of BellRing securities. This is inconsistent with your expected commitment to the long term prospects of BellRing. 
 
 I have invested in a mutual fund. Are purchases and sales of BellRing securities by the mutual fund covered by this policy 
 
 No. No violation of this policy occurs if a mutual fund in which you have made an investment buys or sells BellRing securities while you are in possession of material, nonpublic information, because you have no control over the fund s decision to buy or sell the securities. 
 
 This policy says that I may not permit any member of my family to buy or sell BellRing securities while I possess material, nonpublic information. For these purposes, who is considered to be part of my family 
 
 Your family is any member of your family (spouse, children, grandchildren, siblings, parents, grandparents and in laws) who shares your household, as well as any member of your family for whom you provide substantial financial support or for whom you direct transactions in BellRing securities or are subject to your influence or control. These people may be presumed to have the same information you have and should not trade while you have inside information. You are responsible for the transactions of these persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in BellRing securities. 
 
 I live in California and have a brother who lives in Arizona. Is there any restriction on his BellRing securities transactions 
 
 No. If he is not part of your household and you do not financially support him, direct his transactions in BellRing securities or influence or control him, then there is no reason that he cannot freely trade in BellRing securities. Obviously, you are prohibited from disclosing to him any material, nonpublic information you have about BellRing. 
 
 I d like to make a gift of some of my BellRing securities to a charity. Does this policy apply to gifts 
 
 Bona fide gifts of BellRing securities by persons who are not Section 16 Insiders are not subject to this policy. 
 
 Does this policy apply to me after my service to BellRing ends 
 
 Yes, it may. This policy continues to apply to your transactions in BellRing securities even after your employment or Board membership has terminated if you are in possession of material, nonpublic information when your employment or service terminates. You may not trade in BellRing securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 8 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 brbrfy2024ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BELLRING BRANDS, INC. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Formation Active Nutrition International GmbH Germany BellRing Brands, LLC Delaware BellRing Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Delaware Dymatize Enterprises, LLC Delaware Premier Nutrition Canada, Inc. Ontario, Canada Premier Nutrition Company, LLC Delaware Supreme Protein, LLC Delaware TA DEI-A Acquisition Corp. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 brbrfy2024ex231.htm
 CONSENT OF PWC

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-266656) and Form S-8 (No. 333-238306, No. 333-237494, No. 333-234290) of BellRing Brands, Inc. of our report dated November 19, 2024 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 November 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 brbrfy2024ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Darcy H. Davenport, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 By s Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 brbrfy2024ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Paul A. Rode, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BellRing Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 By s Paul A. Rode Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 brbrfy2024ex321.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to her knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 19, 2024 By s Darcy H. Davenport Darcy H. Davenport President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands, Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Certification Pursuant to 
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of BellRing Brands, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024, filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 19, 2024 By s Paul A. Rode Paul A. Rode Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BellRing Brands, Inc. and will be retained by BellRing Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 brbr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 brbr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 brbr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 brbr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 brbr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

