<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241120_10-K_edgar_data_1629665_0001213900-24-100552.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8379500</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>574833</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1752469</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2117161</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1715950</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1996395</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100552.hdr.sgml : 20241120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120160530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100552
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MULIANG VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001629665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40636
		FILM NUMBER:		241480331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1958 QIANMING EAST ROAD
		STREET 2:		FENGJINGZHEN JINSHANQU
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			201500
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 21-67355092

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1958 QIANMING EAST ROAD
		STREET 2:		FENGJINGZHEN JINSHANQU
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			201500

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULIANG AGRITECH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190416

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULLAN AGRITECH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	M & A Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100552.txt : 20241120

10-K
 1
 ea0203870-10k_muliang.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Name of each exchange on which registered: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Note
 - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold was . The registrant has not developed an active trading market for its common stock. 

As of the date of November 6, 2024, there were
 shares of common stock and 9,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Table
oF Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 20 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 62 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 62 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 
 62 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 63 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 74 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 75 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 76 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 76 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 86 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 87 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 87 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 88 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 88 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 89 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 92 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 93 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 94 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 94 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 95 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 96 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, 
 seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation,
those specifically addressed under the headings Risks Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC,
including us. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the
various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are designed to advise interested parties
of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

ii 

OTHER
PERTINENT INFORMATION 

Conventions 

Except in instances when we are referring to the VIE and where the
context otherwise requires in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for purposes of this report only, we , us , our
Company , the Company, Company , our and Muliang Viagoo refer to: 

Muliang
Viagoo Technology, Inc., or formerly known as Muliang Agritech, Inc. Muliang Viagoo when individually referenced), a Nevada
company; 

Muliang
Agricultural Limited Muliang HK when individually referenced), a Hong Kong company that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Muliang Viagoo; 

Shanghai Mufeng Investment Consulting Co., Ltd Shanghai Mufeng when individually referenced), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Muliang HK and a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE formed under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the PRC 

Viagoo
Pte Ltd. Viagoo when individually referenced), a Singapore company; 

For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only, the VIE
and its subsidiaries refer to: 

Shanghai
Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. Shanghai Muliang when individually referenced), a variable interest entity (the
 VIE and a PRC company that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Mufeng; 

Shanghai Zongbao Environmental Construction Co.,
Ltd. Shanghai Zongbao when individually referenced), a PRC company that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang; 

Shanghai
Muliang Agritech Development Co., Ltd. Agritech Development when individually referenced), a PRC Company that is a 60 -owned
subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang; 

Weihai
Fukang Bio-Fertilizer Co., Ltd. Fukang when individually referenced), a PRC Company that is a 99.9 -owned subsidiary of
Shanghai Muliang; 

Shanghai
Muliang Agricultural Sales Co., Ltd. Muliang Sales when individually referenced), a PRC company that is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang; 

Zhonglian
Huinong (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. Zhonglian when individually referenced), a PRC company that is a 65 -owned subsidiary
of Shanghai Muliang; 

Yunnan
Muliang Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd. Yunnan Muliang when individually referenced), a PRC company that is an
80 -owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang; and 

Shanghai
Zongbao Environmental Construction Co., Ltd. Cangzhou Branch Zongbao Cangzhou when individually referenced), a PRC company
that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Zongbao. 

Our
business is conducted in the People s Republic of China China or the PRC and the Republic of
Singapore. RMB refers to Renminbi, or the Yuan, the official currency of the PRC. Our consolidated financial
statements are presented in U.S. dollars in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In this Annual Report, we refer to assets, obligations,
commitments and liabilities in our financial statements in U.S. dollars. These dollar references are based on the exchange rate of
RMB to USD and SGD to USD, determined as of a specific date. Changes in the exchange rate will affect the amount of our obligations
and the value of our assets in terms of U.S. dollars, which may result in an increase or decrease in the amount of our obligations
(expressed in U.S. dollars) and the value of our assets. 

iii 

PART
I 

Overview

Muliang Viagoo is not a Chinese operating company,
but a holding company incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada. As a holding company with no material operations of our own,
we conduct a substantial majority of operations through our subsidiary in the People s Republic of China, or PRC 
or China. Shanghai Mufeng, or the WFOE, our subsidiary in China, derives its economic benefits from Shanghai Muliang, the
VIE, and its subsidiaries. We receive the economic benefits of the VIE and its subsidiaries business operations through certain
contractual arrangements. 

As
a result of the VIE structure, our investors will not hold any ownership interest, direct or indirect, in our Chinese operating companies.
Investors would only have a contractual relationship with the Chinese operating companies. The VIE structure is used to provide contractual
exposure to foreign investment in Chinese-based companies where Chinese law prohibits direct foreign investment in the operating companies.
It is likely that investors, under the VIE structure, will never hold ownership interests, direct or indirect, in the entity that conducts
the business operations reflected in our financial statements and would merely have a contractual relationship with that entity. While
the VIE, Shanghai Muliang, is not currently engaging in businesses where direct foreign investment is prohibited, Shanghai Muliang may
engage in such business in the future and therefore the VIE structure was implemented to allow for flexibility prior to the company s
listing on the OTC Markets in 2016. 

Because
of Muliang Viagoo s corporate structure and the fact that the contractual arrangements establishing the VIE structure has not been
tested in court, it is subject to risks due to uncertainty of the interpretation and the application of the PRC laws and regulations,
including but not limited to the limitation on foreign ownership of internet technology companies, and regulatory review of oversea listing
of PRC companies through a special purpose vehicle, and the validity and enforcement of the contractual arrangements behind the VIE.
We are also subject to the risks of uncertainty about any future actions of the PRC government in this regard. The VIE Agreements may
not be effective in deriving benefits from the VIE and we may be subject to sanctions imposed by PRC regulatory agencies if Muliang Viagoo
fails to comply with their rules and regulations. If the Chinse regulatory authorities disallow the VIE structure in the future, it will
likely result in a material change in Muliang Viagoo s financial performance and its results of operations and/or the value of
the company s common stock, which could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

For
details on the risks associated with the VIE structure, see Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure - If the PRC government
deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to Shanghai Muliang, our consolidated variable interest entity, do not comply with
PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing
regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations 
on page 52 and Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure - We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIE and their shareholders
for a large portion of our business operations. These arrangements may not be effective as direct ownership in providing operational
control. Any failure by the VIE or their shareholders to perform their obligations under such contractual arrangements would have a material
and adverse effect on our business on page 54. 

Legal
and Operational Risks Associated with China 

We are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with
being based in China and having a majority of our operations through contractual arrangements with the VIE, including changes in the legal,
political, and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations between China and the United States, or Chinese or United States
regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. PRC laws and regulations
governing the VIE and its subsidiaries current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these risks
may result in a material change in the VIE and its subsidiaries operations and the value of our ordinary shares or could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or be worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate
business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing
supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the
scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. 

1 

As
confirmed by our PRC counsel, Grandall Law Firm, we are not be subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of
China, or the CAC, since we are not an online platform operator or a critical information infrastructure operator (as defined
in the Cybersecurity Review Measures) carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, and currently
do not have over one million users personal information and do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users 
personal information in the foreseeable future, which we understand might otherwise subject us to the Cybersecurity Review Measures;
we are also not subject to network data security review by the CAC if the Draft Regulations on the Network Data Security Administration
are enacted as proposed, since we currently do not have over one million users personal information and do not collect data that
affects or may affect national security and we do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal information
or data that affects or may affect national security in the foreseeable future, which we understand might otherwise subject us to the
Security Administration Draft. As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions
regarding our planned overseas listing from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the CSRC, or any other PRC governmental authorities. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies,
or the Trial Measures, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. On the same date, the CSRC circulated Supporting Guidance Rules No.
1 through No. 5, Notes on the Trial Measures, Notice on Administration Arrangements for the Filing of Overseas Listings by Domestic Enterprises
and relevant CSRC Answers to Reporter Questions (collectively, the Guidance Rules and Notice on the CSRC s official
website. The Trial Measures comprehensively improve and reform the existing regulatory regime for overseas offering and listing of PRC
domestic companies securities and regulate both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies 
securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to the Trial Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and
list securities in overseas markets, either in direct or indirect means, are required to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and
report relevant information. The Trial Measures provide that an overseas listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if: (i) such securities
offering and listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (ii) the intended
securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council
in accordance with law; (iii) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholder(s)
and the actual controller, have committed relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or
undermining the order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (iv) the domestic company intending to make the
securities offering and listing is currently under investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or major violations of laws and
regulations, and no conclusion has yet been made thereof; or (v) there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic
company s controlling shareholder(s) or by other shareholder(s) that are controlled by the controlling shareholder(s) and/or actual
controller. Where the company fails to fulfill the filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures, the CSRC may impose administrative
regulatory measures, including orders for correction, regulatory talks, and warning letters, and impose a fine of RMB 1 million to RMB
10 million, proportionate to the severity of the violations. 

If we conduct a public offering of our shares, we may be required to
comply with necessary filing procedures pursuant to the Trial Measures. We have been actively collecting necessary filing documents for
filing purposes to the CSRC, and we expect to file with the CSRC once we have prepared all required filing documents, should our PRC counsel
determine that we are required to file. As of the date of this annual report, according to our PRC counsel, Grandall Law Firm, except
for the filing procedure and listing under the Trial Measures, no relevant PRC laws or regulations in effect require that we obtain permission
from any PRC authorities to issue securities to foreign investors, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanction, or
any regulatory objection to our future offerings from the CSRC, the CAC, or any other PRC authorities that have jurisdiction over the
VIE and its subsidiaries operations. 

However,
since these statements and regulatory actions are newly published, it is highly uncertain what the potential impact such new laws and
regulations will have on the daily business operations of our subsidiaries, our ability to accept foreign investments, and our listing
on a U.S. exchange. If we do not receive clearance from the CSRC for such filing, or inadvertently conclude that such filing is not required,
or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that we are required to obtain approval in the future, we may be subject
to an investigation by competent regulators, fines or penalties, or an order prohibiting us from conducting an offering, and these risks
could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become
worthless. 

2 

According to Grandall Law Firm, our PRC counsel, aside from the potential
filing requirements in connection with any future offering required under the Trial Measures, no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC
explicitly require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission for our overseas listing plan. As of the date of
this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from the China Securities
Regulatory Commission or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, since these statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government
are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules have not been issued, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative
or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations
will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on the VIE and its
subsidiaries daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list on a U.S. or other foreign exchange.
In addition to the Trial Measures, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other PRC regulatory
authorities may, in the future, promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our subsidiaries
to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before offering in the U.S. In other words, other than the filing requirement under
the Trial Measures, although the Company is currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC central or local government
to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, operations could be adversely affected, directly
or indirectly; our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our
securities might significantly decline or be worthless, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry
or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities, if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions
or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or
interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption
by PRC governmental with little advance notice. 

Item
1. Business 

Shanghai Muliang and its operating subsidiaries primarily engage in
the manufacturing and distribution of organic fertilizer and the sales of agricultural products in the PRC. Organic fertilizer products
are sold under the VIE and its subsidiaries brand names Zongbao, Fukang, and Muliang. 

Through patented technology, the operating subsidiaries are able to
process crop straw (including corn, rice, wheat, cotton, and other crops) into high quality organic nutritious fertilizers that are easily
absorbed by crops in three hours. Straw is a common agricultural by-product. In the PRC, farmers usually remove the straw stubble that
remains after harvesting grains by burning them in order to continue farming on the same land season to season. These activities have
resulted in significant air pollution, and damage the surface structure of the soil by causing a loss of nutrients. The operating subsidiaries
turn waste into treasure by transforming the straws into organic fertilizer, which also effectively reduces air pollution. The straw-based
organic fertilizer we produce does not contain the heavy metals, antibiotics, or harmful bacteria that are common in traditional manure
fertilizers. The VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizers also provide optimum levels of primary plant nutrients, including multi-minerals,
proteins and carbohydrates that promotes healthy soil capable of growing excellent crops and vegetables. It effectively reduces the use
of chemical fertilizers and pesticides as well as reduce the penetration of large chemical fertilizers and pesticides into the soil, thus
avoiding water pollution. Therefore, the fertilizer can effectively improve the fertility of soil and the quality and safety of agricultural
products. 

The VIE generates revenue mainly from organic fertilizers, which accounted
for approximately 100.0 and 91.5 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The VIE and its
subsidiaries currently have one integrated factories in Weihai City, Shandong Province, PRC to produce the organic fertilizers, which
have been in operations since August 2015 and plans to improve the technology for the existing organic straw fertilizer production lines
in the following aspects: (i) adopt more advanced automatic control technology for raw material feed to shorten the processing time of
raw material, and (ii) manufacture powdered organic fertilizer instead of granular organic fertilizer in order to avoid the drying and
cooling process, as such will increase the production capacity. 

Besides focusing on producing organic fertilizers, the VIE and its
subsidiaries also engage in the business of selling agriculture food products including apples, and as a sales agent for other large agriculture
companies in the PRC. In 2014, the VIE rented 350 mu (about 57.66 acres) of mountainous land as an apple orchard. We expect to generate
more revenues from the sales of apples as the apple orchards become more mature in the next few years. 

3 

In addition, the VIE began the processing and distribution of black
goat products business in June 2023 and is currently constructing a deep-processing slaughterhouse and processing plant which is expected
to have the capacity of slaughtering 200,000 black goats per year in Chuxiong City, Yunnan Province, in China. The black goat processing
products including goat rib lets, goat loin roast, goat loin chops, goat rack, goat leg, goat shoulder, goat leg shanks, ground goat,
goat stew meat, whole goat, half goat, lamb viscera, etc. Revenue from the black goat products is expected to begin in 2024. 

The 42,895 square meters of industrial land and 28,549 square meters
of factory and office space located in Jinshan District, Shanghai were sold for RMB 74.52 million (US 11.42 million), and the transaction
has been settled as of December 31, 2021. The assets mainly include (i) 22,511 square meters of industrial land and 10,373 square meters
of plant area and organic straw fertilizer production line in Weihai City, Shandong Province, and (ii) over 2 million investment of land
use rights and the black goat slaughtering and processing plant located in Shuangbai County, Chuxiong City, Yunnan Province, in China. 

History 

The
following diagram illustrates and assumes the completion of the Reorganization, including consolidation of the subsidiaries and VIEs: 

Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. Shanghai Muliang was incorporated in PRC on December 7, 2006 as a limited liability company, owned 95 by Lirong Wang and 5 by Zongfang Wang. Shanghai
Muliang through its own operations and its subsidiaries is engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and selling organic fertilizers
for use in the agricultural industry. 

On
May 27, 2013, Shanghai Muliang entered into and consummated an equity purchase agreement whereby it acquired 99 of the outstanding equity
of Weihai Fukang Bio-Fertilizer Co., Ltd. Fukang ), a corporation organized under the laws of the People s Republic
of China. Fukang was incorporated in Weihai City, Shandong Province on January 6, 2009. Fukang is focused on the distribution of organic
fertilizers and the development of new bio-organic fertilizers. As a result of the completion of the transaction, Fukang became a 99 
owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang, with the remaining 1 equity interest owned by Mr. Hui Song. 

On
July 11, 2013, Shanghai Muliang established a wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai Muliang Development Co., Ltd. Agritech Development in Shanghai, China. On November 6, 2013, Shanghai Muliang sold 40 of the outstanding equity of Agritech Development to Mr. Jianping
Zhang for consideration of approximately 65,000 or RMB 400,000. Agritech Development does not currently conduct any operations. 

On
July 17, 2013, Shanghai Muliang entered into an equity purchase agreement to acquire 100 of the outstanding equity of Shanghai Zongbao
Environmental Construction Co., Ltd. Shanghai Zongbao with consideration of approximately 3.2 million or RMB 20 million,
effectively becoming the wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang. Shanghai Zongbao was incorporated in Shanghai on January 25, 2008.
Shanghai Zongbao processes and distributes organic fertilizers. Shanghai Zongbao wholly owns Shanghai Zongbao Environmental Construction
Co., Ltd. Cangzhou Branch Zongbao Cangzhou ). 

4 

On
August 21, 2014, Muliang Agricultural Limited Muliang HK was incorporated in Hong Kong as an investment holding company. 

January
27, 2015, Muliang HK incorporated a wholly foreign-owned enterprise, Shanghai Mufeng Investment Consulting Co., Ltd Shanghai
Mufeng ), in China 

On
July 8, 2015, Mullan Agritech entered into certain stock purchase agreement with Muliang Agriculture, Inc., pursuant to which Mullan
Agritech, for a consideration of 5,000, acquired 100 interest in Muliang HK and its wholly-owned subsidiary Shanghai Mufeng. Both Muliang
HK and Shanghai Mufeng are controlled by the Company s officer and director, Lirong Wang. 

On
July 23, 2015, Shanghai Muliang established a wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai Muliang Agricultural Sales Co., Ltd. Muliang
Sales in Shanghai, China. 

On
September 3, 2015, Mullan Agritech effected a split of its outstanding common stock resulting in an aggregate of 75,262,500 shares outstanding
of which 60,000,000 were owned by Chenxi Shi, the founder of Mullan Agritech and its then sole officer and director. The remaining 15,262,500
were held by a total of 39 investors. 

On
January 11, 2016, Mullan Agritech issued 64,737,500 shares of its common stock to Lirong Wang for an aggregate consideration of 64,737.50.
On the same date, Chenxi Shi, the then sole officer and director of Mullan Agritech on that date, transferred 60,000,000 shares of common
stock of the Company held by him to Lirong Wang for 800 pursuant to a transfer agreement. 

On
February 10, 2016, Shanghai Mufeng entered into a set of contractual agreements known as Variable Interest Entity VIE Agreements, including (1) Exclusive Technical Consulting and Service Agreement, (2) Equity Pledge Agreement, and (3) Call Option Cooperation
Agreement, with Shanghai Muliang, and its Principal Shareholders. As a result of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the set of VIE Agreements,
Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd., along with its consolidated subsidiaries, became entities controlled by Mullan Agritech, whereby
Mullan Agritech would derive all substantial economic benefit generated by Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries. 

As
a result, Mullan Agritech has a direct wholly-owned subsidiary, Muliang HK and an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Shanghai Mufeng.
Through its VIE Agreements, Mullan Agritech exercises control over Shanghai Muliang. Shanghai Muliang has two wholly-owned subsidiaries
(Shanghai Zongbao and Muliang Sales), one 99 owned subsidiary (Fukang), one 60 owned subsidiary (Agritech Development), and one indirectly
wholly owned subsidiary Zongbao Cangzhou. 

On
June 6, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established a wholly-owned subsidiary, namely, Muliang (Ningling) Bio-chemical Fertilizer Co. Ltd Ningling
Fertilizer in Henan Province, the central plain of China. Ningling Fertilizer is setup for a new production line of bio-chemical
fertilizer and has not begun any operation yet. 

On
July 7, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established a subsidiary, namely, Zhonglian Huinong (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd Zhonglian in Beijing City, China. Shanghai Muliang owns 65 shares of Zhonglian, and a third-party company, Zhongrui Huilian (Beijing) Technology
Co., Ltd owns the other 35 shares. Zhonglian is to develop and operate an online agricultural products trading platform. 

On
October 27, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established a subsidiary, namely, Yunnan Muliang Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd Yunnan
Muliang in Yunnan Province, China. Shanghai Muliang owns 55 shares of Yunnan Muliang, and a third-party company, Shuangbai County
Development Investment Co., Ltd. owns the other 45 shares. Yunnan Muliang was setup for the sales development of West China. 

On
October 12, 2017, the Company canceled the registration of Ningling with the administration authorities for Industry and Commerce. Ningling
has historically been reported as a component of operations and incurred 33,323 to loss before income taxes provisions for the year
ended December 31, 2017. The termination does not constitute a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations or financial
results and as such, the termination is not classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. 

5 

On
February 22, 2016 and June 8, 2017, Shanghai Muliang established a 65 owned subsidiary of Maguan Jiamu Agricultural Development Co.,
Ltd (Maguan), and a 100 owned subsidiary of Anhui Muliang Agricultural Biotechnology Co., Ltd (Anhui Muliang) respectively. Since its
establishment, both of the Companies have no operation. 

On
June 19, 2020, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Viagoo Pte Ltd. and all the shareholders of Viagoo for the acquisition
of 100 equity interest of Viagoo. Pursuant to the SEA, Muliang shall purchase from Viagoo Shareholders all of Viagoo Shareholder s
right, title and interest in and to the Viagoo s capital stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Shares was US 2,830,800, paid
in 505,500 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, valued at 5.60 per share. 

On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
with Viagoo Inc. (the Buyer ), pursuant to which the Buyer purchased 100 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of
Viagoo Pte Ltd., a Singapore private limited liability company and a 100 parent company of NexG Pte. Ltd., and TPS Solutions Hong Kong
Limited, from the Company in exchange for a consideration of US 5,254,001.20 to be paid to the Company. The Company decided that the
transfer of control over Viagoo Pte Ltd. essentially occurred on January 1st, 2023. As a result, Viagoo's historical operating performance
are reported as discontinued operations under the guidance of ASC 205, marking the company's exit from the logistics sector to focus on
its fertilizer business. 

Muliang
HK, Shanghai Mufeng, Shanghai Muliang, Shanghai Zongbao, Zongbao Cangzhou, Muliang Sales, Fukang, Agritech Development, Yunnan Muliang,
Zhonglia, Anhui Muliang, Maguan, and Viagoo are referred to as subsidiaries. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are collectively
referred to herein as the Company , we and us , unless specific reference is made to an entity. 

On
April 4, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved a 5 to 1 reverse stock split of all of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, the change of corporate name from Mullan Agritech Inc. to Muliang
Agritech Inc. , and the creation of 100,000,000 shares of Blank Check Preferred Stock. 

On April 5, 2019,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the
Name Change and to authorize the creation of Blank Check Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000
shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 100,000,000 shares
of blank check preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, as the same now
exists or may hereafter be amended or supplemented, the Board of Directors may fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences
or other variations of each class or series within each class of preferred stock of the Company. The Company may issue the shares of stock
for such consideration as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

On
April 16, 2019, we filed a Certificate of Change to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
to reflect the reverse stock split. Any fractional shares are to be rounded up to whole shares. The reverse stock split does not affect
the par value or the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. 

The
reverse stock split and the name change took effect on May 7, 2019. In connection with the name change, our stock symbol changed to MULG. 

On October 30,
2019, we filed a Certificate of Designation for Nevada Profit Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to authorize
the creation of Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, 30,000,000 shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the 100,000,000
shares of blank check preferred stock. 

On
June 26, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of the State
of Nevada, changing its name from Muliang Agritech, Inc. to Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc. . 

On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into
a share purchase agreement (the Agreement with Viagoo Inc. (the Buyer ), pursuant to which the Buyer purchased
100 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Viagoo Pte Ltd., a Singapore private limited liability company and a 100 parent
company of NexG Pte. Ltd., and TPS Solutions Hong Kong Limited, from the Company in exchange for a consideration of US 5,254,001.20.
The Company decided that the transfer of control over Viagoo Pte Ltd. essentially occurred on January 1st, 2023. As a result, Viagoo's
historical operating performance are reported as discontinued operations under the guidance of ASC 205, marking the company's exit from
the logistics sector to focus on its fertilizer business. 

On February 24, 2023, our Board of Directors declared
a two-for-one reverse stock split of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. There was no effect on total stockholders equity,
and the par value per share of our both common stock and Series A Preferred Stock remains unchanged at 0.0001 per share after the reverse
stock split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and applicable
disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split. 

As of December 31, 2023, there were 19,251,657
shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding, and 9,500,000 Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

6 

Contractual
Arrangements 

As a holding company with no material operations, Muliang Viagoo conducts
a substantial majority of its operations through Shanghai Mufeng and Shanghai Muliang, a variable interest entity, or the VIE, based in
China. We are not a Chinese operating company. Muliang Viagoo receives economic benefits from Shanghai Muliang s business operations
in China through certain contractual arrangements (the VIE Agreements ), and because of this, we are regarded as the primary
beneficiary of Shanghai Muliang for accounting purposes, and, therefore, we are able to consolidate the financial results of Shanghai
Muliang in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we and our subsidiaries have zero equity ownership
in Shanghai Muliang, and it is likely that investors in our future offerings will never hold ownership interests, direct or indirect,
in the VIE and would merely have a contractual relationship. Additionally, Shanghai Mufeng s economic benefits are limited by the
terms of the VIE Agreements. The VIE structure cannot completely replicate a foreign investment in China-based companies. Instead, the
VIE structure provides contractual exposure to foreign investment the Chinese operations. 

The
VIE Agreements that were entered include: (i) Voting Rights Proxy Agreement and Irrevocable Power of Attorney, (ii) Exclusive Option
Agreement (iii) Spousal Consent; and (iv) Loan Agreement. VIE Agreements that enable Muliang Viagoo to receive substantially all of the
economic benefits from the VIE include (i) Equity Interest Pledge Agreement; and (ii) Master Exclusive Service Agreement. We are subject
to certain legal and operational risks associated with being based in China and having a majority of operations through the contractual
arrangements with the VIE (collectively the VIE Agreements ). 

Each
of the VIE Agreements is described in detail below: 

Voting
Rights Proxy Agreement and Irrevocable Power of Attorney 

Under
which each shareholder of the VIEs grant to any person designated by WFOEs to act as its attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder
rights under PRC law and the relevant articles of association, including but not limited to, appointing directors, supervisors and officers
of the VIEs as well as the right to sell, transfer, pledge and dispose all or a portion of the equity interest held by such shareholders
of the VIEs. The proxy and power of attorney agreements will remain effective as long as WFOEs exist. The shareholders of the VIEs do
not have the right to terminate the proxy agreements or revoke the appointment of the attorney-in-fact without written consent of the
WFOEs. 

Exclusive
Option Agreement 

Under
which each shareholder of the VIEs granted 9F or any third party designated by 9F the exclusive and irrevocable right to purchase from
such shareholders of the VIEs, to the extent permitted by PRC law and regulations, all or part of their respective equity interests in
the VIEs for a purchase price equal to the registered capital. The shareholders of the VIEs will then return the purchase price to 9F
or any third party designated by 9F after the option is exercised. 9F may transfer all or part of its option to a third party at its
own option. The VIEs and its shareholders agree that without prior written consent of 9F, they may not transfer or otherwise dispose
the equity interests or declare any dividends. The restated option agreement will remain effective until 9F or any third party designated
by 9F acquires all equity interest of the VIEs. 

Spousal
Consent 

The
spouse of each shareholder of the VIEs has entered into a spousal consent letter to acknowledge that he or she consents to the disposition
of the equity interests held by his or her spouse in the VIEs in accordance with the exclusive option agreement, the power of attorney
and the equity pledge agreement regarding VIE structure described above, and any other supplemental agreement(s) may be consented by
his or her spouse from time to time. Each such spouse further agrees that he or she will not take any action or raise any claim to interfere
with the arrangements contemplated under the mentioned agreements. In addition, each such spouse further acknowledges that any right
or interest in the equity interests held by his or her spouse in the VIEs do not constitute property jointly owned with his or her spouse
and each such spouse unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right or interest in such equity interests. 

7 

Loan
Agreement 

Pursuant
to the loan agreements between WFOEs and each shareholder of the VIEs, WFOEs extended loans to the shareholders of the VIEs, who had
contributed the loan principal to the VIEs as registered capital. The shareholders of VIEs may repay the loans only by transferring their
respective equity interests in VIEs to 9F Inc. or its designated person(s) pursuant to the exclusive option agreements. These loan agreements
will remain effective until the date of full performance by the parties of their respective obligations thereunder. 

Equity
Interest Pledge Agreement 

Pursuant
to equity interest pledge agreement, each shareholder of the VIEs has pledged all of his or her equity interest held in the VIEs to WFOEs
to secure the performance by VIEs and their shareholders of their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, including
the payments due to WFOEs for services provided. In the event that the VIEs breach any obligations under these agreements, WFOEs as the
pledgees, will be entitled to request immediate disposal of the pledged equity interests and have priority to be compensated by the proceeds
from the disposal of the pledged equity interests. The shareholders of the VIEs shall not transfer their equity interests or create or
permit to be created any pledges without the prior written consent of WFOEs. The equity interest pledge agreement will remain valid until
the master exclusive service agreement and the relevant exclusive option agreements and proxy and power of attorney agreements, expire
or terminate. 

Master
Exclusive Service Agreement 

Pursuant
to exclusive service agreement, WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide the VIEs with technical support, consulting services and other
services. WFOEs shall exclusively own any intellectual property arising from the performance of the agreement. During the term of this
agreement, the VIEs may not accept any services covered by this agreement provided by any third party. The VIEs agree to pay service
fees to be determined and adjusted at the sole discretion of the WFOEs. The agreement will remain effective unless WFOEs terminate the
agreement in writing. 

All
of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC.
However, the validity and enforcement of the VIE Agreements because they have not been tested in a court of law. The legal environment
in the PRC is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States, and PRC laws and regulations governing the
VIE s current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these risks may result in a material change
in the VIE s operations, significant depreciation of the value of our common stock, or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer
or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

As
a result of the WFOE and the VIE Agreements, we are regarded as the primary beneficiary of the VIE. If Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiary
or the Shanghai Muliang Shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we could be limited
in our ability to enforce the contractual arrangements with Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiary and therefore we may have to incur substantial
costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. The VIE structure is used to provide contractual exposure to foreign
investment in Chinese-based companies where Chinese law prohibits direct foreign investment in the operating companies. We and our subsidiaries
have zero equity ownership in Shanghai Muliang, the VIE. It is likely that investors in our future offerings will never hold ownership interests,
direct or indirect, in the VIE and would merely have a contractual relationship. While the VIE, Shanghai Muliang, is not currently engaging
in businesses where direct foreign investment is prohibited, the VIE may engage in such business in the future and therefore the VIE
structure was implemented to allow flexibility prior our listing on the OTC Markets in 2016. 

8 

Our
corporate structure is subject to risks associated with our contractual arrangements with the VIE. The company and its investors may
never have a direct nor indirect ownership interest in the businesses that are conducted by the VIE. These arrangements may not be as
effective as direct ownership in providing operational control over the VIE. Uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability
to enforce these contractual arrangements, and these contractual arrangements have not been tested in a court of law. If the PRC government
finds that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our business in China do not comply with PRC laws and regulations,
or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, we and the
VIE could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. This would result in the VIE being
deconsolidated. The majority of our assets, including the necessary licenses to conduct business in China, are held by the VIE. A significant
part of our revenues is generated by the VIE. An event that results in the deconsolidation of the VIE would have an adverse material
effect on operations and may result in the value of the securities diminishing substantially or even becoming worthless. Our holding
company, our PRC subsidiaries and VIE, and investors of Muliang face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC government
that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the VIE and, consequently, significantly affect the financial
performance of the VIE and our company as a whole. 

Additionally,
we are subject to risks due to uncertainty of the interpretation and the application of the PRC laws and regulations, including but not
limited to, the limitation on foreign ownership of internet technology companies, and regulatory review of oversea listing of PRC companies
through a special purpose vehicle, and the validity and enforcement of the VIE Agreements. We are also subject to the risks of uncertainty
about any future actions of the PRC government in this regard. The VIE Agreements may not be effective in deriving benefits from Shanghai
Muliang as a direct foreign investment or control through ownership. We may also be subject to sanctions imposed by PRC regulatory agencies,
including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission if we fail to comply with their rules and regulations. If the Chinse regulatory
authorities disallow this VIE structure in the future, it will likely result in a material change in our financial performance and our
results of operations and/or the value of our common stock, which could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or
become worthless. Additionally, as more stringent criteria have been imposed by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
recently, our securities may be prohibited from trading if our auditor cannot be fully inspected. 

Additionally,
we are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with the VIE s operations in China. PRC laws and regulations governing
the VIE s current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these risks may result in a material change
in the VIE s operations, significant depreciation of the value of our common stock, or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer
or continue to offer our securities to investors. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements
to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities
market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures
to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. Since these statements and regulatory
actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing
or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential
impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments
and list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

The
tables below demonstrate the quantitative metrics of the U.S. holding company and the VIE (Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd.), for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Please read this data together with our consolidated financial statements and related
notes included in the registration statement of which this report is a part. 

9 

As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd.(VIEs) 
 Consolidated Financials 
 of the Consolidated Financials 

Current assets 
 14,548,442 
 14,548,460 
 100 
 
 Non-current assets 
 7,596,743 
 7,596,743 
 100 
 
 Total Assets 
 22,145,185 
 22,145,203 
 100 
 
 Current liabilities 
 4,823,664 
 4,842,594 
 100 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 23,112 
 23,112 
 100 
 
 Total liabilities 
 4,846,776 
 4,865,706 
 100 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 17,298,409 
 17,279,497 
 100 
 
 Revenues 
 8,656,862 
 8,656,862 
 100 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 5,353,549 
 5,353,549 
 100 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,303,313 
 3,303,313 
 100 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,836,012 
 2,836,012 
 100 
 
 Income before taxes 
 823,628 
 823,628 
 100 
 
 Net income from continuing operations 
 849,427 
 849,427 
 100 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 988,854 
 0 
 
 Net income 
 849,427 
 1,,838,281 
 46 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (934,408 
 (934,408 
 100 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (178,527 
 (178,527 
 100 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 375,866 
 375,866 
 100 

As
of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd.(VIEs) 
 Consolidated Financials 
 of the Consolidated Financials 

Current assets 
 17,174,560 
 17,334,522 
 99 
 
 Non-current assets 
 7,698,044 
 7,756,931 
 99 
 
 Total Assets 
 24,872,604 
 25,091,453 
 99 
 
 Current liabilities 
 8,203,734 
 9,221,958 
 87 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 67,573 
 76,126 
 89 
 
 Total liabilities 
 8,271,307 
 9,298,084 
 87 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 16,907,446 
 15,793,369 
 107 
 
 Revenues 
 11,049,883 
 11,049,883 
 100 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 6,358,418 
 6,358,418 
 100 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,691,465 
 4,691,465 
 100 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 954,446 
 954,446 
 100 
 
 Income before taxes 
 3,622,824 
 3,622,824 
 100 
 
 Net income from continuing operations 
 3,190,198 
 3,190,198 
 100 
 
 Net Loss from discontinued operations 
 - 
 (270,662 
 0 
 
 Net income 
 3,190,198 
 2,919,536 
 109 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,316,756 
 (1,302,022 
 101 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (126,208 
 (126,208 
 100 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,444,460 
 1,444,460 
 100 

10 

Quantitative
Metrics of the VIE, Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. 

Parent company 
 
 WFOE (Shanghai Mufeng) - Note 2 
 Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the VIEs) 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 Elimination of intercompany balances 
 Consolidated Financials 
 of the Consolidated Financials 

A 
 
 B 
 C 
 
 D 
 E 
 F=A+B+C+D+E 
 G=C/F 

Cash and cash equivalence 
 - 

1,389 
 
 - 
 - 
 1,389 
 100 

Current assets 
 - 
 
 18 
 14,548,442 
 
 - 
 - 
 14,548,460 
 100 

Intercompany receivable from VIE 
 - 
 Note 2 
 11,574,738 
 - 
 
 - 
 (11,574,738 
 - 
 N/A 

Investment in Subsidiaries 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 

Total Assets 
 - 
 
 11,574,756 
 22,145,185 
 
 - 
 (11,574,738 
 22,145,203 
 100 

Current liabilities 
 14,534 
 
 4,396 
 4,823,664 
 
 - 
 
 4,842,594 
 100 

Intercompany payable to WFOE 
 - 
 
 - 
 11,574,738 
 
 - 
 (11,574,738 
 - 
 N/A 

Total liabilities 
 14,534 
 
 4,396 
 16,421,514 
 
 - 
 (11,574,738 
 4,865,706 
 337 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 
 (14,534 
 
 11,570,360 
 5,723,671 
 Note 1 
 - 
 
 17,279,497 
 33 

Revenues 
 - 
 
 - 
 8,656,862 
 
 - 
 - 
 8,656,862 
 100 

Gross profit 
 - 
 
 - 
 3,303,313 
 
 - 
 - 
 3,303,313 
 100 

Service fee expense from VIE to WFOE 
 - 
 
 849,427 
 - 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 - 
 N/A 

Total operating expenses 
 - 
 
 - 
 2,834,012 
 
 - 
 
 2,834,012 
 100 

Operating Income 
 - 
 
 849,427 
 467,301 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 467,301 
 100 

Income from VIE 
 - 
 
 849,427 
 - 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 - 
 N/A 

Income from discontinued operations 
 988,854 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 988,854 
 - 

Net income 
 988,854 
 
 849,427 
 849,427 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 1,838,281 
 46 

Total Comprehensive Income 
 988,854 
 
 849,427 
 497,274 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 1,838,281 
 46 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 
 988,854 
 
 849,427 
 497,274 
 
 - 
 (849,427 
 1,838,281 
 46 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 

Intercompany receivable / payable between WFOE and VIE 
 - 
 
 (849,427 
 849,427 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 - 
 
 - 
 (934,408 
 
 - 
 - 
 (934,408 
 100 

Net cash used in investment activities 
 - 
 
 - 
 (178,527 
 
 - 
 - 
 (178,527 
 100 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 
 
 - 
 375,866 
 
 - 
 - 
 375,866 
 100 

Note
 1 
 The
 Company s shareholders would not hold any ownership interest, direct or indirect, in the operating company in China, i.e. the
 VIE, and would merely have a contractual relationship with the VIE. 

Note
 2 
 The
 intercompany balances of 11,574,738 between the WOFE and the VIE arising from the service fee income payable to the WOFE by the
 VIE; the intercompany balances do not include any loans between the WOFE and the VIE. The amount is accumulated from the date that
 the VIE agreements when into effect on February 16, 2016. As the Company has disclosed, the VIE has not paid amounts in cash or other
 means to settle the payables balances owed by the VIE to the WOFE. 

11 

Industry
Overview 

The
Status and Market Demand of the Organic Straw Fertilizer Industry in China 

In
China, straw exists in a large quantity and has a wide variety of uses and broad distribution. The annual output of straw is more than
700 million tons, according to the China Industry Information Network s report on 2017 China Straw Resource Reserves and
Utilization Market Overview. Straw contains more than 3 million tons of nitrogen, more than 700,000 tons of phosphorus and nearly
7 million tons of potassium; this is equivalent to more than a quarter of the amount of fertilizer China s currently uses and equivalent
to 300 million tons of standard coal. Unfortunately, nearly 100 million tons of straw chaff are burned directly in the fields every year,
which not only seriously damages the beneficial bacteria in the soil surface but directly leads to severe air pollution and increases
the greenhouse effect. With such a significant amount of straw production in China, if even a part of the straw can be recycled each
year, it will bring huge, sustainable recycling resources to the fertilizer industry. On November 25, 2015, the National Development
and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Environmental Protection jointly issued
a notice, requiring the utilization rate of straw to exceed 85 by 2020. 

The
market demand in China for organic fertilizer is significant. According to the National Bureau of Statistics in 2019, the China national
sales volume of organic fertilizers in 2018 was 133.42 million tons. According to the current policy of encouraging less use of chemical
fertilizer, improving the quality of agricultural products and restoring land, it is estimated that the demand of organic fertilizers
will increase to 180 million tons by 2020. At the same time, according to a governmental advocate of increasing proportion of organic
fertilizer to 50 of the total use of fertilizer, the demand in China for organic fertilizer will reach more than 500 million tons by
2030. 

The
Environmental Benefits of Promoting Organic Straw Fertilizer 

Lower
Air Pollution- If each county area builds straw disposal factories that can handle even 100,000 tons of waste, 100 counties can offset
the damage from destructive burning equivalent to approximately 10 million tons of straw. This would reduce carbon dioxide emissions
by 15 million tons and reduce a huge amount of carbon monoxide, volatile organic particles (PM), nitrogen oxides, benzene, polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons and other harmful gases released into the atmosphere. 

Lower
soil pollution and greater environment restoration- Straw is a circulating agricultural resource and the best organic fertilizer
resource, according to Baidu. Organic straw fertilizer is also the main agricultural tool used to convert wasteland, tidal flats, and
saline-alkali land into arable land. It is also the primary tool in transforming barren land into medium-low yield fields and to upgrade
medium-low yield fields to high-quality fertile fields. 

Lower
water pollution- The utilization rate of traditional chemical fertilizers is generally below 30 , and 70 of dissolved chemical fertilizers
directly enter underground water bodies and flow into rivers, resulting in eutrophication of water bodies. Increasing the application
of organic fertilizer is one of the important methods to reduce water pollution. 

12 

The
Products 

The Company and the VIE are committed to ensuring the quality of its
agricultural products. We aim to provide high-quality and environmentally friendly organic straw fertilizer for the VIE and its subsidiaries 
customers. The organic fertilizers are the products of natural decomposition and are easy for plants to absorb and digest. The powder
form fertilizer maximizes the survival rate of microorganisms, ensures faster nutrient absorption, and increases soil improvement seed
and processing productivity. While the operations are primarily engaged in producing organic fertilizers, the VIE and its subsidiaries
also sell agriculture food products such as apples. Revenues are mainly generated from organic fertilizers, which constituted approximately
100.0 and 93.2 of the VIE and its subsidiaries total revenue for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
In addition, we invested in the construction of a deep-processing slaughterhouse which is expected to have the capacity of slaughtering
200,000 black goats per year in Chuxiong City, Yunnan Province, China. We expect to complete the construction in June 2024 and start generating
revenues from the black goat processing products in the third quarter of 2024. 

Organic
Fertilizer 

The fertilizer products are sold under the VIE and its subsidiaries 
brand names Zongbao, Fukang, and Muliang. There are seven lines of the organic fertilizers including: 

Soil
improvement and preparation fertilizer, which includes compound microbes, probiotics that can supplement microorganisms and trace elements
of soil. It can be used as both starter fertilizer and regular fertilizer; 

Root
protection fertilizer, which is an organic nutrient water-soluble fertilizer that can help the growth of crops roots; 

Foliar
nutrition fertilizer, which is a biological growth promoter to help customers take care of the foliar of their plants; 

Lower pesticide residue
 fertilizer, which can help the customers reduce the usage of pesticide and enhance the resistance ability for plants; 

Fruit
special fertilizer which contains enhanced nutrient availability to increase plant performance; 

Fruit
tree fertilizer that promotes healthy roots and fruit growth and are ideal for all fruit trees and berries; and 

Corn
and peanuts fertilizer that are specially used for corns and peanuts. 

The
organic fertilizer contains all-purpose nutrition that can be used in the different stages of plant growth. It aims to increase soil
fertility, improve soil aggregate structure, provide nutrient absorption ability for crop, improve water retention capacity and improve
fertilizer utilization, thus creating a sustainable environment and healthy soil. 

Future
Products 

Black
Goat Processing Products 

Currently
we invested in a goat slaughtering and processing factory located in Shuangbai County, Chuxiong City, Yunnan Province, PRC starting
in 2018. This factory is expected to be completed in June 2024 with a capacity of deep processing of 200,000 black goats per year.
The products will include goat riblets, goat loin roast, goat loin chops, goat rack, goat leg, goat shoulder, goat leg shanks,
ground goat, goat stew meat, whole goat, half goat, and lamb viscera, etc. We expect to commence sales of black goat processing
products and start generating revenue in the third quarter of 2024. 

Forage
Grass 

We
are exploring the options to use forage grass as an alternative for traditional feed for live-stocks. We currently have several research
and development projects with schools and institutions. See Research and Development below. 

13 

Technology
and Manufacturing Process 

We
utilize the patented technologies to process crop straws into organic fertilizer. 

Crop
straws include the stems, roots, leaves, pods and vines of crops. The main ingredients are cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin, as well
as a small amount of minerals. Straw is a crude fiber material that is waxy and lignified. The fermentation cycle is long for the straw
to be processed into organic fertilizer, as it takes 15 days to 60 days for microbial action. This is a common challenge for the large-scale
and timely manufacturing of straw fertilizer. 

The
crop straws will be processed into a nutrient-rich organic fertilizer in a closed container by low-pressure, medium-temperature acid
hydrolysis technology (with 9-to-13-kg pressure and at 150-to-180-degree temperature). The basic principle is as follows: 

We utilize cellulose hydrolysis, hemicellulose hydrolysis and lignin
hydrolysis methods to process cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin into short-chain cellulose, polysaccharide, monosaccharide, oligomer,
etc. Based on the demand for the organic fertilizers and the controlled processing conditions, on average the VIE and its subsidiaries 
methods produce a mix with a majority of short-chain cellulose, some polysaccharides and a small amount of monosaccharides. 

The
straws are stored in the warehouse after compacting them in a briquetting machine. The straw compacts are easy to transfer and
occupy less storage space. The straw compacts will be first crushed to 3 cm to 5 cm in length. The straws are then processed in the
hydrothermal degradation tank for 2 to 3 hours. We pump steam generated by a boiler into the hydrothermal degradation tank, so that
the temperature in the hydrothermal degradation tank is maintained between 150 C and 180 C and the pressure is maintained at
0.9-1.3MPa. After 2-3 hours of thermal degradation, we release the pressure to 0.2~0.4MPa. By releasing the pressure, the straws
explode to the storage tank, resulting in a mechanical treatment of the explosion impinging stream, breaking the cellulose,
hemicellulose and lignin in the straw, breaking the hydrogen bonds, degrading fiber crystallization regions into an amorphous stage
and degrading macromolecules into micro-molecules. After that, we add different auxiliary materials through an automatic batching
system to make different organic fertilizers suitable for different crops. We then repeat a process of crushing, granulating,
cooling and screening before packaging the fertilizers into products. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We believe that VIE and its subsidiaries sales services, combined
with the quality and reputation of the products will help us retain and attract new customers. 

We distribute and sell VIE and its subsidiaries products to
the end-customers through several different channels, including professional markets and the sales department of the company and distributors: 

Professional
Market : we built a long-term cooperation relationship with private agricultural companies and agricultural cooperative associations
for sales; 

Sales
 Department: we have sixteen sales representatives with the sales department that are
 professionally trained to efficiently promote and deliver products to the customers; 

Third-party
 Agent and Distributors : we utilize various third-party agents and distributors to sell and distribute the products; and 

By using various channels to sell and distribute the products to customers,
we can directly serve the customers and end-customers by providing customer service and support. 

14 

Suppliers
and Customers 

Suppliers 

Most
of the VIE and its subsidiaries suppliers are local suppliers from Qingdao city, Shandong province. The main raw materials for organic feeds include: (i) hydrolysed
crop straw, which are chemically decayed wheat straw, corn straw and other kinds of crop straw, accounting for about 54 of the total
raw materials; (ii) plant ash (Potassium carbonate, K 2 CO 3 ), accounting for estimated 4 of the total raw materials;
and (iii) Humic acid, accounting for about 3 of the total raw materials. Other auxiliary materials include monoammonium phosphate, urea,
etc. 

The
following table sets forth information as to each supplier that accounted for 10 or more of the Company s purchase for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Suppliers 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

Supplier A 
 1,471,441 
 33 
 3,735,133 
 64 
 
 Supplier B 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 678,040 
 12 
 
 Supplier C 
 919,032 
 20 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Supplier D 
 873,366 
 19 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Supplier E 
 827,129 
 18 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Customers 

The VIE and its subsidiaries 

customers are mainly located in provinces of Guangdong, Jilin and Shandong. 

The
following table sets forth information as to each customer that accounted for 10 or more of the Company s revenues for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Customer 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

Customer A 
 3,332,699 
 38 
 4,774,456 
 40 
 
 Customer B 
 3,313,441 
 38 
 4,503,761 
 38 

The
Growth Strategy 

We intend to build upon the VIE and its subsidiaries proven
ability to produce high-quality organic fertilizer and increase the presence and market share in the agriculture industry. We have begun
to implement the growth strategies described below and expect to continue to do so over the several years following this report. Although
the net proceeds of our future offerings may be available to assist us to implement the growth strategies, we cannot estimate the ultimate
amount of capital needed to achieve the expected growth. We may need additional capital to implement these strategies, particularly in
the event we pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies. 

Scale
Up Production of Organic Fertilizer and Accelerate Penetration in Local and Regional Markets 

We
plan to construct a new organic fertilizer factory in Heilongjiang Province, China. We have entered into a strategic cooperation agreement
with Suihua City of Heilongjiang Province to produce a total of 1 million tons of organic fertilizer. We expect to produce 107,000 tons
of organic fertilizer in 2024 and the remaining within the next 10 years. In addition, we will establish warehouse and distribution center
in Heilongjiang Province, which is expected to accelerate penetration in the local and regional market. 

Increase
Sources of Revenue by Expanding the VIE and its subsidiaries Current Business 

We
have a slaughtering and processing plant for black goats under construction in Yunnan Province, China. We expect the plant to begin operations
in June 2024 and start generating revenue in the third quarter of 2024. Demand for lamb in China as an alternative to pork is increasing
due to growing concern on swine disease and pork quality. We plan to offer lamb and lamb products to consumers via a subscription program
available on the VIE and its subsidiaries website and mobile app in the future. 

Continue
to Invest in Research and Development and Expand the VIE and its subsidiaries Product Portfolio 

We
have invested significant capital in the development and improvement of the VIE and its subsidiaries products. One of the R D results introduced us to a type
of forage grass that contains 30 more protein than other crops. We plan to work with the forage grass farmers in Xinjiang Province and
to produce plant protein powder from the forage grass to be used in food and beverages in 2024. 

15 

Competitive
Advantages 

Competitive
Advantages of the VIE and its subsidiaries Technology 

Quick
disposal: straw can be broken down into powder in three hours. 

Continuous
operation: the production line is formed with connecting hydrolysis tanks, which allows the full use of steam heat and continuous charging,
hydrolysis and discharge. 

Environmental
protection: all the disposal devices are closed containers and pipelines to avoid gas and material leakage. 

High
fertilizer efficiency: the organic fertilizer matrix after straw disposal has a higher content of organic matter than the compost products
of livestock and poultry manure, and it has a comprehensive organic nutritional composition. It also avoids pesticide, insect pest returning
to the field, excessive loose soil and the hidden trouble of fermenting and burning seedlings in the field. 

Less
space: a plant capable of handling the disposal of 80,000 tons of straw only requires 6.6 - 8.2 acres of land. 

Strong replicability: the technology and production line can be replicated
in different countries. 

Competitive
Advantage of the VIE and its subsidiaries Products 

Quality Advantage. Compared with the traditional compost manure fermented
fertilizer, the product has a high concentration of organic matter and small molecular organic nutrients that can be directly absorbed
by crops rich in fulvic acid, polysaccharides and monosaccharides. The effectiveness of the VIE and its subsidiaries product is
50 higher than the same amount of conventional organic fertilizer. 

Safety advantage. Compared with traditional livestock and poultry manure
composting fermented fertilizer, the VIE and its subsidiaries product generates less residue of heavy metals, antibiotics, toxic
and harmful bacteria, avoids the pollution of soil, and ensures the quality and safety of agricultural products. 

16 

Intellectual
Property 

We rely on certain intellectual property to protect the VIE and its 
subsidiaries domestic business interests and ensure a competitive position in the industry. 

We
have 12 patents and 5 registered trademarks in China on sludge and straw technology, and we are a pilot company of technology in Jinshan
District, Shanghai. Among the patents we now own, microwave induced catalytic hydrolysis treatment sludge was reviewed
by Chinese Academy of Sciences Shanghai Technology Chaxin Consulting Centre (the Centre (report no. 200921C0703709, 200821C0701507).
According to the review by the Centre, there is no public report of the same kind of research, and therefore, the project is innovative
and is advanced at the international level. 

Patents 

We
own the following patents through our subsidiaries and/or VIE entities: 

No. 
 
 Patent
 Name 
 
 Patent
 Number 
 
 Certificate
 Number 

1 
 
 Pressure
 relief material discharge and storage device 
 
 ZL2009200705204 

130427 

2 
 
 Chemical
 catalytic hydrolysis tank 
 
 ZL2009200705219 

1370181 

3 
 
 Material
 storage bin with crusher 
 
 ZL2009200706156 

1370214 

4 
 
 Pneumatic
 check valve type tank cap 
 
 ZL2009200706160 

1370180 

5 
 
 Regenerative
 heat exchanger 
 
 ZL2009200705223 

1419186 

6 
 
 Method
 for preparing novel material by catalyzing and hydrolyzing mud through microwave inducing 
 
 ZL2008100346358 

814191 

7 
 
 Method
 for removing heavy metals from activated sludge 
 
 ZL2009100494481 

1224500 

8 
 
 Method
 for comprehensively treating grating garbage and activated sludge in sewage plant 
 
 ZL2009100494462 

1276553 

9 
 
 Method
 for preparing water soluble quick-acting organic fertilizer from activated sludge 
 
 ZL2009100494458 

1311657 

10 
 
 Mechanical
 force chemical treating method for organic solid wastes 
 
 ZL2009100494477 

1372950 

11 
 
 Method
 for preparing fuel oil by activated sludge in pipe bundle cracking furnace 
 
 ZL2011100405076 

1513772 

12 
 
 Method
 for directly flashing treated water into superheated steam and application 
 
 ZL2011100405127 

2306463 

The
validity of utility model patent is ten years. It was noticed that five of the utility model patents owned by the Company were expired
in April 2019 and were not extendable. The Company has noticed the situation and is planning to submit patent applications in another
country to protect their intellectual property. 

However, the expired patents have little impact on the company. And
the Company also improved some patents although there is no further successful patent extension so far. 

Trademarks 

We
own several trademarks through our subsidiaries and/or VIE entities, including Muliang, Zongbao, Xiutubao, Vijifeng, Jingletu, and Huangdicao.
Muliang and Zongbao are our company s brand names. 

The Employees 

As of the date hereof, the VIE and its subsidiaries have 110 full-time
employees. The following table sets forth the number of employees by function: 

Functional Area 
 Number of Employees 
 
 Senior management 
 12 
 
 Sales, Technical and Procurement 
 26 
 
 IT Development Solutions 
 5 
 
 Accounting 
 5 
 
 Human resources and administrative personnel 
 6 
 
 Warehouse 
 5 
 
 Factory 
 51 
 
 Total 
 110 

The VIE and its subsidiaries provide
social insurance for each employee in accordance with Chinese law, including pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment
insurance, work injury insurance and maternity insurance and housing provident fund. 

17 

Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act 

U.S.
laws and regulations, including the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or HFCAA, may restrict or eliminate our ability to complete
a business combination with certain companies, particularly those acquisition candidates with substantial operations in China. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the Holding Foreign Company Accountable Act, or the HFCAA. An identified issuer will be required to comply with these rules if the
SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. In June 2021,
the Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if signed into law, would reduce the time period
for the delisting of foreign companies under the HFCAA to two consecutive years instead of three years. If our auditor cannot be inspected
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, for two consecutive years, the trading of our securities on any U.S.
national securities exchanges, as well as any over-the-counter trading in the U.S., will be prohibited. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB
adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under
the HFCAA, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction
because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize
rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA, which became effective on January 10, 2022. The rules apply
to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken
by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to
inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and in Hong Kong, because
of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB made its determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides
a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under the HFCA Act. The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix
B, Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Mainland China Determination and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the
Hong Kong Determination, respectively. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a SOP with the CSRC and the MOF of the PRC regarding cooperation in the oversight of PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms in the PRC and Hong Kong which establishes a method for the PCAOB to conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms in the PRC and Hong Kong, as contemplated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Under the agreement, (a) the PCAOB has sole
discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and potential violations it inspects and investigates without consultation with, or
input from, PRC authorities; (b) procedures are in place for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete audit work papers with
all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed; (c) the PCAOB has direct access to interview and take testimony
from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates; and (d) the PCAOB shall have the unfettered ability
to transfer information to the SEC in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the SEC can use the information for all regulatory
purposes, including administrative or civil enforcement actions. The PCAOB was required to reassess its determinations as to whether
it is able to carry out inspections and investigations completely and without obstruction by the end of 2022. On December 15, 2022, the
PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong and vacated its previous determinations. However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to
facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

Congress
passed fiscal year 2023 Omnibus spending legislation in December 2022, which contained provisions to accelerate the HFCAA timeline for
implementation of trading prohibitions from three years to two years. As a result, the SEC is required to prohibit an issuer s
securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections or complete investigations for
two consecutive years. 

Our
auditor, WWC, P.C., the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual
statement, is headquartered in San Mateo, California subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular
inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards with the last inspection in November 2021, and as of
the date of this report, our auditor is not subject to the determinations as to the inability to inspect or investigate registered
firms completely announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However, as more stringent criteria have been imposed by the SEC and the
PCAOB recently, which would add uncertainties to our offering, and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would
apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality
control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to
the audit of our financial statements. In the event it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
the Company s auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction, then such lack of inspection could
cause trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the HFCAA, and ultimately result in a determination by a securities
exchange to delist the Company s securities. 

The recent developments would add uncertainties to our future offerings,
and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering
the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency
of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. 

18 

Transfers
of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Muliang
is a holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct operations in China primarily through our subsidiary and VIE in China.
As a result, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding company level, Muliang s ability to pay
dividends to its shareholders and to service any debt it may incur may depend upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and license
and service fees paid by our PRC consolidated affiliated entities. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own in the future, the
instruments governing such debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends to Muliang. In addition, our PRC subsidiary and VIE are required
to make appropriations to certain statutory reserve funds, which are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of a liquidation
of the companies. 

Current
PRC regulations permit our indirect PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Shanghai Mufeng only out of their accumulated profits, if any,
determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required
to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its
registered capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the
employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although
the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained
earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

The
PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC.
Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency
for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future,
the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiaries are
unable to receive all of the revenues from operations through the current VIE Agreements, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common
stock. 

Cash
dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes,
any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding
tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . 

In order for us to pay dividends to our shareholders, we will be dependent
on payments made from Shanghai Muliang to Shanghai Mufeng, pursuant to VIE Agreements between them, and the distribution of such payments
to Muliang HK as dividends from Shanghai Mufeng. Certain payments from Shanghai Muliang to Shanghai Mufeng are subject to PRC taxes, including
business taxes and VAT. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Shanghai Muliang made no payments to Shanghai Mufeng. For the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, there was no cash transferred between the Company and Shanghai Muliang (the VIEs). 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, none of the VIE and
its subsidiaries have issued any dividends or distributions to respective holding companies, or to any investors as of the date of this
report. Our subsidiaries in the PRC generate and retain cash generated from operating activities and re-invest it in the business. 

Muliang
is permitted under the laws of the state of Nevada to provide funding to Muliang HK through loans or capital contributions without restrictions
on the amount of the funds. Muliang HK is permitted under the respective laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to Shanghai Mufeng through
dividend distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. 

To
transfer cash from Muliang HK to Shanghai Mufeng, Muliang HK can increase its registered capital in WFOE, which requires a filing with
the local commerce department, or through a shareholder loan, which requires a filing with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
or its local bureau. Aside from the declaration to the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, there is no restriction or limitations
on such cash transfer or earnings distribution. 

To
transfer cash from Shanghai Mufeng to Shanghai Muliang, Shanghai Mufeng can increase its registered capital in Shanghai Muliang, which
requires a filing with the local commerce department, or through a shareholder loan to Shanghai Muliang, which requires a filing with
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange or its local bureau. Aside from the declaration to the State Administration of Foreign Exchange,
there is no restriction or limitations on such cash transfer or earnings distribution. However, our PRC subsidiaries may not procure
loans which exceed the difference between their respective registered capital and total investment amount as recorded in the Foreign
Investment Comprehensive Management Information System. 

To
make loans to Muliang HK, Shanghai Mufeng or Shanghai Muliang, according to Matters relating to the Macro-prudential Management of Comprehensive
Cross-border Financing, or PBOC Circular 9 promulgated by the People s Bank of China, the total cross-border financing of a company
shall be calculated using a risk-weighted approach and shall not exceed an upper limit. The upper limit shall be calculated as capital
or assets (for enterprises, net assets shall apply) multiplied by a cross-border financing leverage ratio and multiplied by a macro-prudential
regulation parameter. The macro-prudential regulation parameter is currently 1, which may be adjusted by the People s Bank of China
and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in the future, and the cross-border financing leverage ratio is 2 for enterprises. Therefore,
the upper limit of the loans that a PRC company can borrow from foreign companies shall be calculated at 2 times the borrower s
net assets. When Shanghai Mufeng and Shanghai Muliang jointly apply for borrowing foreign debt, the upper limit of borrowing shall be
2 times of the net assets in the consolidated financial statement, and Shanghai Muliang shall make a commitment to refrain from borrowing
foreign debt in their own respective names. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, Muliang and its subsidiaries
have not distributed any earnings or settled any amounts owed under the previous VIE Agreements. nor does Muliang and its subsidiaries
have any plan to distribute earnings or settle amounts in the foreseeable future. 

19 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
please find a summary of the significant risks we face, organized under relevant headings. These risks are discussed more fully in the
section titled Risk factors on page 20. 

Uncertainties regarding
 the legality of the VIE structure in the future . Muliang Viagoo is a holding company incorporated in Nevada. As a holding
 company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial majority of operations in the PRC though the variable
 interest entity, Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries. We receive the economic benefits of the VIE s business operations
 through certain contractual arrangements. Investors in our common shares offered in our future offerings
 are purchasing shares of the U.S. holding company and not shares of the VIE and its subsidiaries in China that are conducting the
 business operations. The legality of the VIE structure has not been tested in the courts of the PRC. Furthermore, it is uncertain
 whether any new PRC laws, rules or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what
 they would provide. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC - If the PRC government deems that any of
 our contractual arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if
 these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
 forced to relinquish our interests in those operations on page 22; and Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure - If
 the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to Shanghai Muliang, our consolidated variable interest
 entity, do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or
 the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish
 our interests in those operations on page 52. 

Risk
of new regulations, significant new government oversight in China . As a business with a majority of its operations in China, we are subject
to the laws and regulations of the PRC, which can change quickly with little advance notice. The PRC government has the power to exercise
significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of the VIE and its subsidiaries business, and the regulations to which we
are subject may change rapidly and with little notice to us or the shareholders. New regulations and policies, which may be adopted with
little notice, could result in a material change in operations and/or the value of our ordinary shares. See Risk Factors - Risks
Relating to Doing Business in the PRC - PRC laws and regulations governing the VIE and its subsidiaries current business operations
are sometimes vague and uncertain. Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system, including those regarding the enforcement of laws,
and sudden or unexpected changes, with little advance notice, in laws and regulations in China could adversely affect us and limit the
legal protections available to you and us on page 30. 

Risk of additional
 future government oversight and control over foreign offerings of China-based companies . Recent statements by the Chinese
 government have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign
 investments in China based issuers. Although the VIE and its subsidiaries business is not of the type currently subject to
 government review in China prior to a foreign securities offering, any future action by the PRC government expanding the categories
 of industries and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to review by the PRC government could significantly limit
 or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities
 to significantly decline or be worthless. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC - Uncertainties with
 respect to the PRC legal system, including those regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes, with little
 advance notice, in laws and regulations in China could adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you and us 
 on page 30. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system . The PRC legal system is based on written statutes and prior court decisions have limited value
as precedents. Since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not
always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities
have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate
the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may affect our judgment
on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability to enforce our contractual rights or tort claims. See Risk Factors - Risks
Relating to Doing Business in the PRC - PRC laws and regulations governing the VIE and its subsidiaries current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain.
Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system, including those regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes,
with little advance notice, in laws and regulations in China could adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you
and us on page 30. 

20 

Risks
related to a future determination that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB is unable to inspect or
investigate our auditor completely . Our auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
elsewhere in this report, as an auditor of companies that audits publicly traded companies in the United States and a firm registered
with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess our auditor s
compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is headquartered in San Mateo, California, and is subject to inspection
by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in October 2021, and our auditor is not subject to the determinations announced
by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Despite that we have a U.S. based auditor that is registered with the PCAOB and subject to PCAOB inspection,
there are still risks to the company and investors if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. Such risks include but not limited to that trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and as a result an exchange may determine to
delist our securities. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in the PRC - The recent joint statement by the SEC
and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more
stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S.
auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our offering on page 33. 

Risks
 related to the seasonality of the VIE and its subsidiaries business. The
 sale of the products is partially dependent upon planting and growing seasons, which vary
 from year to year, and are expected to result in both seasonal patterns and substantial fluctuations
 in quarterly sales and profitability. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the VIE and its
 subsidiaries Business and Industry - the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer
 business is seasonal and affected by factors beyond their control, which may cause the sales
 and operating results to fluctuate significantly on page 38. 

Risks
 related to potential competition. We encounter intense competition in each of the VIE
 and its subsidiaries business segments on a national, regional and local level. Competition
 in the industry is primarily based on quality of services, brand name recognition, geographic
 coverage and range of services. New and existing competitors may offer competitive rates,
 greater convenience or superior services, which could attract customers away from us, resulting
 in lower revenues for operations. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the VIE and
 its subsidiaries Business and Industry - If we are unable to compete successfully
 with the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors, the financial condition and results
 of operations may be harmed on page 40. 

Risks
related to the dependence on key suppliers, customers and personnel . Although we believe that we can locate replacement suppliers readily
on the market any difficulty in replacing one of the VIE and its subsidiaries major suppliers could adversely affect the company s
performance Additionally, the VIE and its subsidiaries business is dependent on the ability to recruit and maintain highly skilled
and qualified individuals through direct employment or collaboration arrangements. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the VIE and its
subsidiaries Business and Industry - The loss of any of the VIE and its subsidiaries key suppliers and/or customers could
have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations on page 41; and We depend on the VIE and its subsidiaries key personnel
and research employees, and we may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain qualified scientific and business personnel
on page 42; and Any failure by Shanghai Muliang, our consolidated variable interest entity, or its shareholders to perform their obligations
under our contractual arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our business on page 54. 

Risks
related to our use of the VIE structure. We have relied and expect to continue relying on contractual arrangements with the VIE and
their shareholders to operate our business in China. If the VIE, or its shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations under
the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. See
 Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure - We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIE and their shareholders for
a large portion of our business operations. These arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control.
Any failure by the VIE or their shareholders to perform their obligations under such contractual arrangements would have a material and
adverse effect on our business on page 54. 

21 

Risks
Relating to Doing Business in the PRC 

If
the PRC government deems that any of our contractual arrangements do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment
in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject
to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. 

Foreign
ownership of internet-based businesses, such as distribution of online information, is subject to restrictions under current PRC laws
and regulations. For example, foreign investors are not allowed to own more than 50 of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunication
service provider (except e-commerce) and any such foreign investor must have experience in providing value-added telecommunications services
overseas and maintain a good track record in accordance with the Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment promulgated in
2007, as amended in 2011 and in 2015, respectively, and other applicable laws and regulations. 

Muliang
Viagoo is a holding company incorporated in Nevada. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial
majority of operations in the People s Republic of China, or PRC or China, though the variable interest
entity, Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries. We receive the economic benefits of the VIE s business operations through certain
contractual arrangements. Investors in our common shares offered in our future offerings are purchasing shares of the U.S. holding company and
not shares of the VIE and its subsidiaries in China that are conducting the business operations. 

It
is uncertain whether any new PRC laws, rules or regulations relating to variable interest entity structures will be adopted or if adopted,
what they would provide. In particular, in January 2015, the Ministry of Commerce, or MOC, published a discussion draft of the proposed
Foreign Investment Law for public review and comments. Among other things, the draft Foreign Investment Law expands the definition of
foreign investment and introduces the principle of actual control in determining whether a company is considered a foreign-invested
enterprise, or an FIE. Under the draft Foreign Investment Law, variable interest entities would also be deemed as FIEs, if they are ultimately
 controlled by foreign investors, and would be subject to restrictions on foreign investments. However, the draft law has
not taken a position on what actions will be taken with respect to the existing companies with the variable interest entity 
structure, whether or not these companies are controlled by Chinese parties. It is uncertain when the draft will be signed into law and
whether the final version will have any substantial changes from the draft. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the enactment
timetable, interpretation and implementation of draft PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate
structure, corporate governance and business operations below. If the ownership structure, contractual arrangements and business
of our company are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or we fail to obtain or maintain any of
the required permits or approvals, the relevant governmental authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violation,
including levying fines, confiscating our income, shutting down our servers, discontinuing or placing restrictions or onerous conditions
on operations, requiring us to undergo a costly and disruptive restructuring, restricting or prohibiting our use of proceeds from future offerings to finance our business and operations in China and taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to
our business. Any of these actions could cause significant disruption to our business operations and could severely damage our reputation,
which would in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

PRC
regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC
subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries or limit our PRC subsidiaries 
ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits. 

In
July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore
Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, which replaces the previous
SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents, including PRC individuals and PRC corporate entities, to register with SAFE
or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable to our
shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we may make in the future. 

22 

Under
SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments
in offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, are required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition,
any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its registration with the local branch of SAFE
with respect to that SPV, to reflect any material change. Moreover, any subsidiary of such SPV in China is required to urge the PRC resident
shareholders to update their registration with the local branch of SAFE to reflect any material change. If any PRC resident shareholder
of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited
from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also
be prohibited from making additional capital contributions into its subsidiaries in China. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice
on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13. Under SAFE Notice
13, applications for foreign exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound direct investments, including those
required under SAFE Circular 37, must be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE. Qualified banks should examine the applications
and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. We have used our best efforts to notify PRC residents or entities who directly
or indirectly hold shares in our holding company and who are known to us as being PRC residents to complete the foreign exchange registrations.
However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest in our company,
nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with SAFE registration requirements. We cannot assure you that all other shareholders
or beneficial owners of ours who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make, obtain or update any
applicable registrations or approvals required by SAFE regulations. Failure by such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with
SAFE regulations, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject us to fines or
legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to make distributions
or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

Furthermore,
as these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation
has been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments
and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject
to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and
foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure
you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all applicable foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations.
In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case
may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange
regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

As
a holding company with PRC subsidiaries, we may transfer funds to our Affiliate Entities or finance the operating entity by means of
loans or capital contributions. Any capital contributions or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our Company s PRC subsidiaries,
including from the proceeds of our future offerings, are subject to the above PRC regulations. We may not be able to obtain necessary government
registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. If we fail to obtain such approvals or make such registration, our ability to
make equity contributions or provide loans to our Company s PRC subsidiaries or to fund their operations may be negatively affected,
which may adversely affect their liquidity and ability to fund their working capital and expansion projects and meet their obligations
and commitments. As a result, our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business may be negatively affected. 

We
must remit the offering proceeds to China before they may be used to benefit the VIE and its subsidiaries business in China, and this process may take several
months to complete. 

The process for sending the proceeds from future offerings back to
China may take as long as six months after the closing of those offerings. In utilizing the proceeds of future offerings, as an offshore
holding company of our PRC operating subsidiaries, we may make loans to our Affiliated Entities, or we may make additional capital contributions
to our Affiliate Entities. Any loans to our Affiliated Entities are subject to PRC regulations. For example, loans by us to our subsidiaries
in China, which are foreign-invested enterprises, to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with
SAFE. 

23 

To
remit the proceeds of the offering, we must take the following steps: 

First,
 we will open a special foreign exchange account for capital account transactions. To open this account, we must submit to SAFE certain
 application forms, identity documents, transaction documents, form of foreign exchange registration of overseas investments of the
 domestic residents, and foreign exchange registration certificate of the invested company. As of the date of this report, we
 have already opened a special foreign exchange account for capital account transactions. 

Second,
 we will remit the offering proceeds into this special foreign exchange account. 

Third,
 we will apply for settlement of the foreign exchange. In order to do so, we must submit to SAFE certain application forms, identity
 documents, payment order to a designated person, and a tax certificate. 

The
timing of the process is difficult to estimate because the efficiencies of different SAFE branches can vary significantly. Ordinarily
the process takes several months but is required by law to be accomplished within 180 days of application. 

We may also decide to finance our subsidiaries by means of capital
contributions. These capital contributions must be approved by MOFCOM or its local counterpart. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to obtain these government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future capital contributions by us to our subsidiaries.
If we fail to receive such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds of future offerings and to capitalize our Chinese operations may
be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. If we fail to receive
such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds of future offerings and to capitalize our Chinese operations may be negatively affected,
which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

Changes
in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to operate profitably in the PRC. 

We conduct all of operations and all of our revenue is generated in
the PRC. Accordingly, economic, political and legal developments in the PRC will significantly affect the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic
conditions in the PRC and the ability of businesses to operate profitably. The VIE and its subsidiaries ability to operate profitably
in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government, including changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation,
particularly those dealing with the Internet, including censorship and other restriction on material which can be transmitted over the
Internet, security, intellectual property, money laundering, taxation and other laws that affect the VIE and its subsidiaries ability
to operate the website. 

Because the VIE and its subsidiaries business is dependent
upon government policies that encourage a market-based economy, change in the political or economic climate in the PRC may impair the
VIE and its subsidiaries ability to operate profitably, if at all. 

Although
the PRC government has been pursuing a number of economic reform policies for more than two decades, the PRC government continues to
exercise significant control over economic growth in the PRC. Because of the nature of our business, we are dependent upon the PRC government
pursuing policies that encourage private ownership of businesses. Restrictions on private ownership of businesses would affect the securities
business in general and businesses using real estate service in particular. We cannot assure you that the PRC government will pursue
policies favoring a market-oriented economy or that existing policies will not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a
change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in the PRC. 

24 

PRC laws and regulations governing the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain and any changes in such laws and regulations may impair their ability
to operate profitable. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business and the enforcement and performance of the VIE and its subsidiaries arrangements with customers in certain circumstances.
The laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and enforcement may
involve substantial uncertainty. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations, including amendments to existing
laws and regulations, may be delayed, and the VIE and its subsidiaries business may be affected if we rely on laws and regulations
which are subsequently adopted or interpreted in a manner different from the understanding of these laws and regulations. New laws and
regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation
of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

There
are uncertainties under the PRC laws relating to the procedures for U.S. regulators to investigate and collect evidence from companies
located in the PRC. 

According
to Article 177 of the newly amended PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020 (the Article 177 ), the securities
regulatory authority of the PRC State Council may collaborate with securities regulatory authorities of other countries or regions in
order to monitor and oversee cross border securities activities. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory authorities
are not allowed to carry out investigation and evidence collection directly within the territory of the PRC, and that any Chinese entities
and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to overseas agencies without
prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council and the competent departments of the PRC State Council. 

Our
PRC counsel has advised us of their understanding that (i) the Article 177 is applicable in the limited circumstances related to direct
investigation or evidence collection conducted by overseas authorities within the territory of the PRC (in such case, the foregoing activities
are required to be conducted through collaboration with or by obtaining prior consent of competent Chinese authorities); (ii) the Article
177 does not limit or prohibit the Company, as a company duly incorporated in Nevada and to be listed on Nasdaq, from providing the required
documents or information to Nasdaq or the SEC pursuant to applicable Listing Rules and U.S. securities laws; and (iii) as the Article
177 is relatively new and there is no implementing rules or regulations which have been published regarding application of the Article
177, it remains unclear how the law will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other
relevant government authorities. As of the date hereof, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have been published
regarding application of Article 177. However, we cannot assure you that relevant PRC government agencies, including the securities regulatory
authority of the PRC State Council, would reach the same conclusion as we do. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and
time requirement for the U.S. regulators to bring about investigations and evidence collection within the territory of the PRC. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries 
principal business operation is conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. regulators carry out investigation on us and there is
a need to conduct investigation or collect evidence within the territory of the PRC, the U.S. regulators may not be able to carry out
such investigation or evidence collection directly in the PRC under the PRC laws. The U.S. regulators may consider cross-border cooperation
with securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or regulatory cooperation mechanism
established with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. 

25 

Because the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business is conducted in RMB and the price of our shares of common stock is quoted in United States dollars, changes in currency conversion
rates may affect the value of your investments. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries business is
conducted in the PRC, the books and records are maintained in RMB, which is the currency of the PRC, and the financial statements that
we file with the SEC and provide to our shareholders are presented in United States dollars. Changes in the exchange rate between the
RMB and dollar affect the value of the VIE and its subsidiaries assets and the results of operations in United States dollars.
The value of the RMB against the United States dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes
in the PRC s political and economic conditions and perceived changes in the economy of the PRC and the United States. Any significant
revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries cash flows, revenue and financial condition.
Further, our future offerings will be offered in United States dollars, and we will need to convert the net proceeds we receive into RMB
in order to use the funds for the VIE and its subsidiaries business. Changes in the conversion rate between the United States dollar
and the RMB will affect that amount of proceeds we will have available for the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China, which could
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

The
EIT Law and its implementing rules provide that enterprises established outside of China whose de facto management bodies 
are located in China are considered resident enterprises under PRC tax laws. The implementing rules promulgated under the
EIT Law define the term de facto management bodies as a management body which substantially manages, or has control over
the business, personnel, finance and assets of an enterprise. In April 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or SAT, issued a circular,
known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management bodies of
a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. However, there are no further detailed rules or precedents
governing the procedures and specific criteria for determining de facto management body. Although our board of directors
and management are located in the PRC, it is unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC
 resident enterprise. 

If
we are deemed as a PRC resident enterprise, we will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on our worldwide income at
a uniform tax rate of 25 , although dividends distributed to us from our existing PRC subsidiary and any other PRC subsidiaries which
we may establish from time to time could be exempt from the PRC dividend withholding tax due to our PRC resident recipient 
status. This could have a material and adverse effect on our overall effective tax rate, our income tax expenses and our net income.
Furthermore, dividends, if any, paid to our shareholders may be decreased as a result of the decrease in distributable profits. In addition,
if we were considered a PRC resident enterprise , any dividends we pay to our non-PRC investors and the gains realized from
the transfer of our shares of common stock may be considered income derived from sources within the PRC and be subject to PRC tax, at
a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the case of non-PRC individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of
any applicable tax treaty). It is unclear whether holders of our shares of common stock would be able to claim the benefits of any tax
treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. This could
have a material and adverse effect on the value of your investment in us and on the price of our shares of common stock. 

There
are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable
by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. 

Under the PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules,
the profits of a foreign invested enterprise generated through operations, which are distributed to its immediate holding company outside
the PRC, will be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 . Pursuant to a special arrangement between Hong Kong and the PRC, such rate
may be reduced to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25 of the equity interest in the PRC company. Our PRC subsidiary
is wholly-owned by our Hong Kong subsidiary. Moreover, under the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues regarding the
Administration of the Dividend Provision in Tax Treaties promulgated on February 20, 2009, the tax payer needs to satisfy certain conditions
to enjoy the benefits under a tax treaty. These beneficial owner of the relevant dividends, and (2) the corporate shareholder to receive
dividends from the PRC subsidiary must have continuously met the direct ownership thresholds during the 12 consecutive months preceding
the receipt of the dividends. Further, the State Administration of Taxation promulgated the Notice on How to Understand and Recognize
the Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties on October 27, 2009, which limits the beneficial owner to individuals,
projects or other organizations normally engaged in substantive operations, and sets forth certain detailed factors in determining the
 beneficial owner status. In current practice, a Hong Kong enterprise must obtain a tax resident certificate from the relevant
Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident
certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant
Hong Kong tax authority. As of the date of this report, we have not commenced the application process for a Hong Kong tax resident certificate
from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority, and there is no assurance that we will be granted such a Hong Kong tax resident certificate. 

Even
after we obtain the Hong Kong tax resident certificate, we are required by applicable tax laws and regulations to file required forms
and materials with relevant PRC tax authorities to prove that we can enjoy 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. We intend to obtain the
required materials and file with the relevant tax authorities when it plans to declare and pay dividends, but there is no assurance that
the PRC tax authorities will approve the 5 withholding tax rate. 

26 

U.S.
regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of operations in China. 

Any disclosure of documents or information located
in China by foreign agencies may be subject to jurisdiction constraints and must comply with China s state secrecy laws, which broadly
define the scope of state secrets to include matters involving economic interests and technologies. There is no guarantee
that requests from U.S. federal or state regulators or agencies to investigate or inspect operations will be honored by us, by entities
who provide services to us or with whom we associate, without violating PRC legal requirements, especially as those entities are located
in China. Furthermore, under the current PRC laws, an on-site inspection of the VIE and its subsidiaries facilities by any of these
regulators may be limited or prohibited. 

The
PRC Securities Law was promulgated in December 1998 and was subsequently revised in October 2005, June 2013, August 2014 and December
2019. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities
regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While there
is no detailed interpretation regarding the rule implementation under Article 177, it will be difficult for an overseas securities regulator
to conduct investigation or evidence collection activities in China. 

If
we become directly subject to the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to
expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation. 

U.S.
public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative
publicity by investors, financial commentators and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative
publicity has centered on financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial
accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result
of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock of many U.S. listed Chinese companies sharply decreased
in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC
enforcement actions and are conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide
scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on us, our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable
allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such
allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly and time consuming and distract our management from developing our
growth. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, we and our business operations will be severely affected and you could sustain
a significant decline in the value of our stock. 

The
disclosures in our reports, other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory
bodies in the PRC. 

We
are regulated by the SEC and our reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our SEC reports and other disclosure and public pronouncements
are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings
are not subject to the review by China Securities Regulatory Commission, a PRC regulator that is responsible for oversight of the capital
markets in China. Accordingly, you should review our SEC reports, filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding
that no local regulator has done any review of us, our SEC reports, other filings or any of our other public pronouncements. 

Changes in China s economic, political
or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business and results
of operations. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries organic fertilizer
and agricultural products operations are located in China. Accordingly, the business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
may be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally and by continued economic growth
in China as a whole. 

The
Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented
measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and
the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still
owned by the government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development
by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through
allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential
treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government
has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit
the overall Chinese economy but may have a negative effect on us. For example, the VIE and its subsidiaries financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition,
in the past the Chinese government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace of economic
growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China, and since 2012, China s economic growth has slowed down.
Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy may reduce the demand for the VIE and its subsidiaries products and services and
materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business and results of operations. 

27 

Uncertainties
in the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to us. 

The
PRC legal system is based on written statutes and prior court decisions have limited value as precedents. Since these laws and regulations
are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are
not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. 

Although we have taken measures to comply with
the laws and regulations that are applicable to the VIE and its subsidiaries business operations, including the regulatory principles
raised by the CBRC, and avoiding conducting any activities that may be deemed as illegal fund-raising, forming capital pool or providing
guarantee to investors under the current applicable laws and regulations, the PRC government authority may promulgate new laws and regulations
regulating the direct lending service industry in the future. We cannot assure you that the VIE and its subsidiaries practices
would not be deemed to violate any PRC laws or regulations relating to illegal fund-raising, forming capital pools or the provision of
credit enhancement services. Moreover, we cannot rule out the possibility that the PRC government will institute a license requirement
covering our industry at some point in the future. If such a licensing regime were introduced, we cannot assure you that we would be able
to obtain any newly required license in a timely manner, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business and impede the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to continue operations. 

From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative
and court proceedings to enforce the VIE and its subsidiaries legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities
have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the
outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy, than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or
at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of any violation of these policies and rules until sometime
after the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual
property) and procedural rights, could materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business and impede the VIE
and its subsidiaries ability to continue operation. 

The relevant business currently carried out by
our PRC subsidiaries and our investment in the PRC subsidiaries currently are not subject to the national security review under applicable
PRC laws and regulations. However, if our future business operations or potential mergers and acquisitions we enter into in the PRC are
related to material infrastructure or other national security sensitive areas or industries involving certain key technologies, national
security review requirements will likely apply and the review result that is in compliance with PRC laws should be definitive. It remains
unclear when the specific implementation measures of the Foreign Investment Law will be issued by the State Council. Given the uncertainties
exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law, its application may require further rules to
be issued by Chinese government, which may incur and increase our compliance costs and expenses and accordingly our financial condition
and operation will be adversely affected. 

In the extreme case-scenario, we may be required
to unwind the contractual arrangement and/or dispose of the VIE or their subsidiaries, which could have a material and adverse effect
on our business, financial conditions and result of operations. 

Market, economic and other conditions in
China may adversely affect the demand for the VIE and its subsidiaries products and services. 

Our industry depends upon the overall level of
economic conditions and consumer spending in China. A sustained deterioration in the general economic conditions in China, including any
turmoil in the economy, distresses in financial markets, or reduced market liquidity, as well as increased government intervention, may
reduce the number of our customers. Small-to-medium size business owners, in particular, are more susceptible to adverse changes in market,
economic and regulatory conditions and the level of consumption in China. As a result, the demand for the VIE and its subsidiaries 
existing and new products and services could decrease, and the VIE and its subsidiaries financial performance could be adversely
affected. 

Adverse market trends may affect the VIE and its
subsidiaries financial performance. Such trends may include, but are not limited to, the followings: 

fluctuations
 in consumer demand, which reflect the prevailing economic and demographic conditions; 

low
 levels of consumer and business confidence associated with recessionary environments which may in turn reduce consumer spending. 

We may be adversely affected by the complexity,
uncertainties and changes in PRC regulation of internet-related businesses and companies, and any lack of requisite approvals, licenses
or permits applicable to the VIE and its subsidiaries business may have a material adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business and results of operations. 

The
PRC government extensively regulates the internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements
pertaining to, companies in the internet industry. These internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their
interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine
what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations. 

28 

The
evolving PRC regulatory system for the internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory agencies. For example, in May
2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the State Internet Information Office (with the involvement
of the State Council Information Office, the MITT, and the Ministry of Public Security). The primary role of this new agency is to facilitate
the policy-making and legislative development in this field, to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with
online content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the internet industry. 

The
Circular on Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Investment in and Operation of Value-added Telecommunications Business, issued
by the MITT in July 2006, prohibits domestic telecommunication service providers from leasing, transferring or selling telecommunications
business operating licenses to any foreign investor in any form, or providing any resources, sites or facilities to any foreign investor
for their illegal operation of a telecommunications business in China. According to this circular, either the holder of a value-added
telecommunication services operation permit or its shareholders must directly own the domain names and trademarks used by such license
holders in their provision of value-added telecommunication services. The circular also requires each license holder to have the necessary
facilities, including servers, for its approved business operations and to maintain such facilities in the regions covered by its license.
If an ICP License holder fails to comply with the requirements and also fails to remedy such non-compliance within a specified period
of time, the MITT or its local counterparts have the discretion to take administrative measures against such license holder, including
revoking its ICP License. 

The interpretation and application of existing
PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws, regulations or policies relating to the internet industry have created substantial
uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, internet businesses
in China, including the VIE and its subsidiaries business. We cannot assure you that we have obtained all the permits or licenses
required for conducting the VIE and its subsidiaries business in China or will be able to maintain the VIE and its subsidiaries 
existing licenses or obtain new ones. If the PRC government considers that we were operating without the proper approvals, licenses or
permits or promulgates new laws and regulations that require additional approvals or licenses or imposes additional restrictions on the
operation of any part of the VIE and its subsidiaries business, it has the power, among other things, to levy fines, confiscate
the VIE and its subsidiaries income, revoke the VIE and its subsidiaries business licenses, and require us to discontinue
the VIE and its subsidiaries relevant business or impose restrictions on the affected portion of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business. Any of these actions by the PRC government may have a material adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business
and results of operations. 

PRC regulation of loans to, and direct investment
in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using proceeds from future financing activities to make loans
or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries. 

In
July 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore
Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, which replaces the previous
SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents, including PRC individuals and PRC corporate entities, to register with SAFE
or its local branches in connection with their direct or indirect offshore investment activities. SAFE Circular 37 is applicable to our
shareholders who are PRC residents and may be applicable to any offshore acquisitions that we may make in the future. 

Under
SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who make, or have prior to the implementation of SAFE Circular 37 made, direct or indirect investments
in offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, are required to register such investments with SAFE or its local branches. In addition,
any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an SPV, is required to update its registration with the local branch of SAFE
with respect to that SPV, to reflect any material change. Moreover, any subsidiary of such SPV in China is required to urge the PRC resident
shareholders to update their registration with the local branch of SAFE to reflect any material change. If any PRC resident shareholder
of such SPV fails to make the required registration or to update the registration, the subsidiary of such SPV in China may be prohibited
from distributing its profits or the proceeds from any capital reduction, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, and the SPV may also
be prohibited from making additional capital contributions into its subsidiaries in China. In February, 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice
on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13. Under SAFE Notice
13, applications for foreign exchange registration of inbound foreign direct investments and outbound direct investments, including those
required under SAFE Circular 37, must be filed with qualified banks instead of SAFE. Qualified banks should examine the applications
and accept registrations under the supervision of SAFE. We have used our best efforts to notify PRC residents or entities who directly
or indirectly hold shares in our Nevada holding company and who are known to us as being PRC residents to complete the foreign exchange
registrations. However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest
in our company, nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with SAFE registration requirements. We cannot assure you that all
other shareholders or beneficial owners of ours who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make, obtain
or update any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE regulations. Failure by such shareholders or beneficial owners
to comply with SAFE regulations, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject
us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, and limit our PRC subsidiaries ability
to make distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

29 

Furthermore,
as these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation
has been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments
and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. For example, we may be subject
to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and
foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure
you that we have complied or will be able to comply with all applicable foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations.
In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case
may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange
regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

As
an offshore holding company of our PRC subsidiary, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiary, the VIE and the VIE s subsidiaries,
or may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary, subject to satisfaction of applicable governmental registration and
approval requirements. 

We may also decide to finance our PRC subsidiary
by means of capital contributions. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises in China, these capital contributions
are subject to registration with or approval by the MOFCOM or its local counterparts. In addition, the PRC government also restricts the
convertibility of foreign currencies into Renminbi and use of the proceeds. On March 30, 2015, SAFE promulgated Circular 19, which took
effect and replaced certain previous SAFE regulations from June 1, 2015. SAFE further promulgated Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016,
which, among other things, amend certain provisions of Circular 19. According to SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16, the flow and use
of the Renminbi capital converted from foreign currency denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such
that Renminbi capital may not be used for business beyond its business scope or to provide loans to persons other than affiliates unless
otherwise permitted under its business scope. Violations of the applicable circulars and rules may result in severe penalties, including
substantial fines as set forth in the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations. If the VIE requires financial support from us or our
wholly-owned subsidiary in the future and we find it necessary to use foreign currency-denominated capital to provide such financial support,
our ability to fund the VIE s operations will be subject to statutory limits and restrictions, including those described above.
These circulars may limit our ability to transfer the net proceeds from future offerings to the VIE and our PRC subsidiary, and we may
not be able to convert the net proceeds from future offerings into Renminbi to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies in China.
Despite the restrictions under these SAFE circulars, our PRC subsidiary may use its income in Renminbi generated from their operations
to finance the VIE through entrustment loans to the VIE or loans to the VIE s shareholders for the purpose of making capital contributions
to the VIE. In addition, our PRC subsidiary can use Renminbi funds converted from foreign currency registered capital to carry out any
activities within their normal course of business and business scope, including to purchase or lease servers and other relevant equipment
and fund other operational needs in connection with their provision of services to the relevant VIE under the applicable exclusive technical
support agreements. 

In light of the various requirements imposed by
PRC regulations on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with
respect to future loans to our PRC subsidiary or the VIE or future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiary. If we fail to complete
such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we expect to receive from future offerings and to fund our
PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand
our business. 

PRC laws and regulations governing the VIE
and its subsidiaries current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain. Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system, including those regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes, with little advance notice, in laws and regulations
in China could adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing the VIE
and its subsidiaries business and the enforcement and performance of the VIE and its subsidiaries arrangements with customers
in certain circumstances. The laws and regulations are sometimes vague and may be subject to future changes, and their official interpretation
and enforcement could be unpredictable, with little advance notice. The effectiveness and interpretation of newly enacted laws or regulations,
including amendments to existing laws and regulations, may be delayed, and the VIE and its subsidiaries business may be affected
if we rely on laws and regulations which are subsequently adopted or interpreted in a manner different from the understanding of these
laws and regulations. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively.
We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business. 

30 

Our
WFOE, Shanghai Mufeng, VIE and its subsidiaries are formed under and governed by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is a civil
law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for
reference, but have limited precedential value. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues
to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and the enforcement of these laws,
regulations and rules involves uncertainties. 

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate
a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing economic matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization
and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. The overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has significantly enhanced
the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly,
the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves
uncertainties and sudden changes, sometimes with little advance notice. As a significant part of the VIE and its subsidiaries business
is conducted in China, operations are principally governed by PRC laws and regulations, which may limit legal protections available to
us. Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based company, such as our company, to
obtain or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. In the absence of required permits or licenses, governmental
authorities could impose material sanctions or penalties on us. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain PRC government
authorities may not be consistently applied by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities), thus making
strict compliance with all regulatory requirements impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. For example, we may have to resort
to administrative and court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract. However, since PRC administrative
and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to predict
the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore,
the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or
at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of any violation of any of these policies and rules until sometime
after the violation. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. 

The PRC government has significant oversight and
discretion over the conduct of the VIE and its subsidiaries business and may intervene or influence operations as the government
deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly
affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the
future release regulations or policies regarding the industry that could adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business,
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight
and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based
companies like us. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become
worthless. 

Furthermore, if China adopts more stringent standards
with respect to certain areas such as environmental protection or corporate social responsibilities, we may incur increased compliance
costs or become subject to additional restrictions in operations. Certain areas of the law, including intellectual property rights and
confidentiality protections in China may also not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. In addition, we cannot predict
the effects of future developments in the PRC legal system on the VIE and its subsidiaries business operations, including the promulgation
of new laws, or changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections
available to us and our investors, including you. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws
and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable for improper use or
appropriation of personal information provided by the VIE and its subsidiaries customers. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and
regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously
evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting,
particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary
in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

31 

We expect to obtain information about various
aspects of operations as well as regarding the VIE and its subsidiaries employees and third parties. We also maintain information
about various aspects of operations as well as regarding the VIE and its subsidiaries employees. The integrity and protection of
the VIE and its subsidiaries customer, employee and company data is critical to the VIE and its subsidiaries business. The
VIE and its subsidiaries customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required
by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard
such information. 

The
PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits
institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained
during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November
7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security
Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant
to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only
collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance
for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under
the relevant laws and regulations. 

The
Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides
main legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the
Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas
of data security and data protection. 

The
PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including
the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws
and regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity
Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information
infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

In November 2016, the Standing Committee of China s
National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective in June 2017.
The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting
many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of
the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification, shutting
down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and
certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant
to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing
network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued
a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required that, in
addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data processing
activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors
to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core
data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country;
and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected,
controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under
the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings
in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited
by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs.
We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and our listing on Nasdaq. In the event that the
Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, we may be required to delist from Nasdaq and
we may be subject to fines and penalties. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law,
which will take effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities
and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means,
and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed
by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption of the VIE and its subsidiaries products and
services and could have an adverse impact on the VIE and its subsidiaries business. Further, if the enacted version of the Measures
for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies like us,
we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 

If the new PRC Data Security Law is enacted in
September, we will not be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that: (i) the VIE and its subsidiaries products
and services are offered not directly to individual users but through the VIE and its subsidiaries institutional customers; (ii)
we do not possess a large amount of personal information in the VIE and its subsidiaries business operations; and (iii) data processed
in the VIE and its subsidiaries business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or
important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted or implemented
and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation
related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will
take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

32 

We cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies,
including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In
the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty
as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required
to suspend the VIE and its subsidiaries relevant business, shut down the VIE and its subsidiaries website, or face other
penalties, which could materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Failure to make adequate contributions to
various employee benefit plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

We are required under PRC laws and regulations
to participate in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented
payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and allowances,
of the VIE and its subsidiaries employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at locations
where we operate the VIE and its subsidiaries businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently
by the local governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. We have not made adequate
employee benefit payments. We may be required to make up the contributions for these plans as well as to pay late fees and fines. If we
are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid employee benefits, the VIE and its subsidiaries financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The
recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of
their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our
offering. 

On
April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint
statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including
China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers
in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

On
May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating
in Restrictive Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for
Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications
of the company s auditors. 

On
May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned
or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not
subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s
securities are prohibited to trade on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. On December
2, 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives approved the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. On December 18, 2020, the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed into law. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure
requirements of the Act. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report
on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that
jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required
to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction,
and will also require disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence
on, such a registrant. 

33 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if passed by the U.S. House
of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions
under the HFCAA from three years to two, and thus, would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. 

On
September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining,
as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The
rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public
accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a
position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. 

On
February 4, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the America Creating Opportunities for Manufacturing Pre-Eminence in Technology
and Economic Strength (COMPETES) Act of 2022 (the America COMPETES Act ). If the America COMPETES Act is enacted into law,
it would amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if
its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. 

Our auditor, WWC, P.C., the independent registered
public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this report, as a firm headquartered in California and registered
with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess our auditor s
compliance with the applicable professional standards with the last inspection in November 2021, and as of the date of this report, our
auditor is not subject to the PCAOB determinations. However, in the event it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or
investigate completely the auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction, then such lack of inspection
could cause trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the HFCAA, and ultimately result in a determination by a
securities exchange to delist the Company s securities. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed the SOP Agreements with the CSRC and China s Ministry of Finance. The SOP Agreements established
a specific, accountable framework to make possible complete inspections and investigations by the PCAOB of audit firms based in Mainland
China and Hong Kong, as required under U.S. law. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access
to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong completely in 2022.
The PCAOB Board vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily
conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainties
and depends on a number of factors out of our and our auditor s control. The PCAOB continues to demand complete access in mainland
China and Hong Kong moving forward and is making plans to resume regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue
pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB has also indicated that it will act immediately
to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed. 

34 

In
addition, the recent developments would add uncertainties to our offering and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities
would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures
and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it
relates to the audit of our financial statements. It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the above
rules will entail or what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or Nasdaq will take to address these issues and what impact those actions
will have on U.S. companies that have significant operations in Hong Kong and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including
a national securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market). In addition, the above amendments and any additional actions, proceedings,
or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors,
the market price of our ordinary share could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet
the PCAOB inspection requirement or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management
time. 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA and as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities if it is later
determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a
foreign jurisdiction. 

The
HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued by a registered
public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall
prohibit such shares from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the HFCAA. A company will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection 
year under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA,
including the listing and trading prohibition requirements described above. 

Despite
that we have a U.S.-based auditor that is registered with the PCAOB and subject to PCAOB inspection, there are still risks to the company
and investors if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position
taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. Such risks include, but are not limited to that trading in our securities may be prohibited
under the HFCAA and as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. 

The
M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors,
which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory
agencies in August 2006 and amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional
procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex, including
requirements in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes
control of a PRC domestic enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the MOC shall be notified in advance of any concentration
of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. In addition, the security review rules issued by the MOC that became effective in
September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns
and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national
security concerns are subject to strict review by the MOC, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security
review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business
by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to
complete such transactions could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOC or
its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business
or maintain our market share. 

35 

Any
failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock incentive plans may subject the PRC
plan participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 

In
February 2012, SAFE promulgated the Notices on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed Company, replacing earlier rules promulgated in March 2007. Pursuant to these rules,
PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who reside in China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock
incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed company, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic
qualified agent, which could be the PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition,
an overseas entrusted institution must be retained to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the
purchase or sale of shares and interests. We, our executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in
the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year and who have been granted options or other awards are subject to these regulations.
Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital into our PRC subsidiary and limit our PRC subsidiary ability to distribute dividends to us. We also face regulatory
uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees
under PRC law. 

Regulatory
bodies of the United States may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of operations in China. 

From time to time, the Company may receive requests from certain U.S.
agencies to investigate or inspect the Company s operations or to otherwise provide information. While the Company will be compliant
with these requests from these regulators, there is no guarantee that such requests will be honored by those entities who provide services
to us or with whom we associate, especially as those entities are located in China. Furthermore, an on-site inspection of the VIE and
its subsidiaries facilities by any of these regulators may be limited or entirely prohibited. Such inspections, though permitted
by the Company and its affiliates, are subject to the capricious nature of Chinese enforcers and may therefore be impossible to facilitate. 

The
recent joint statement by the SEC and PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of
their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our
offering. 

On
April 21, 2020, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint
statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including
China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers
in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

On
May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating
in Restrictive Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for
Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications
of the company s auditors. 

On
May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned
or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not
subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the Company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s
securities are prohibited to trade on a U.S. stock exchange. On December 2, 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives approved the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed into law. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure
requirements of the Act. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report
on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that
jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required
to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction,
and will also require disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence
on, such a registrant. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce
the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act from three years to two. 

36 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit
report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or
investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol (SOP) Agreement with the CSRC and the MOF of the PRC regarding cooperation
in the oversight of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms in the PRC and Hong Kong. The SOP remains unpublished and is subject to
further interpretation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the SOP disclosed by the SEC, the SOP seeks to
establish a method for the PCAOB to conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms in the PRC and Hong Kong, as contemplated
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Under the agreement, (a) the PCAOB has sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and potential
violations it inspects and investigates without consultation with, or input from, PRC authorities; (b) procedures are in place for PCAOB
inspectors and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information
as needed; (c) the PCAOB has direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects
or investigates; and (d) the PCAOB shall have the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, and the SEC can use the information for all regulatory purposes, including administrative or civil enforcement actions. The PCAOB
is required to reassess its determinations as to whether it is able to carry out inspections and investigations completely and without
obstruction by the end of 2022. 

On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations. However, should PRC authorities
obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

Our auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that
issues the audit report included elsewhere in this report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and
a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to
assess our auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is headquartered in San Mateo, California,
and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in November 2021, and our auditor is not subject
to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Despite that we have a U.S. based auditor that is registered with the
PCAOB and subject to PCAOB inspection, there are still risks to the company and investors if it is later determined that the PCAOB is
unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. Such risks
include but not limited to that trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and as
a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. 

These
recent developments would add uncertainties to our offering and we cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or regulatory authorities would apply
additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality
control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to
the audit of our financial statements. It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the March 2021 interim
final amendments will entail or what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or Nasdaq will take to address these issues and what impact those
actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including
a national securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market). In addition, the March 2021 interim final amendments and any additional
actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create
some uncertainty for investors, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, trading in our securities may be prohibited
and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement or being required to engage a new
audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. 

The
M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors,
which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory
agencies in August 2006 and amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional
procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time consuming and complex, including
requirements in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes
control of a PRC domestic enterprise. For example, the M A Rules require that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control
transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii)
such transaction involves factors that impact or may impact national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change
in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law promulgated
by the SCNPC effective in 2008 requires that transactions which are deemed concentrations and involve parties with specified turnover
thresholds (i.e., during the previous fiscal year, (i) the total global turnover of all operators participating in the transaction exceeds
RMB10 billion and at least two of these operators each had a turnover of more than RMB400 million within China, or (ii) the total turnover
within China of all the operators participating in the concentration exceeded RMB 2 billion, and at least two of these operators each
had a turnover of more than RMB 400 million within China) must be cleared by MOFCOM before they can be completed. 

37 

Moreover,
the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the MOC shall be notified in advance of any concentration of undertaking if certain thresholds are
triggered. In addition, the security review rules issued by the MOC that became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and
acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through
which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national security concerns are
subject to strict review by the MOC, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring
the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary
businesses. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions
could be time consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOC or its local counterparts may
delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market
share. 

We are required to fulfill the Trial Measures
filing procedures and report relevant information to the CSRC; and, since the interpretation and implementation of the new regulations
are still evolving, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the filings for any future offerings, and fully comply with
the relevant new rules on a timely basis, if at all. 

On July 6, 2021, the relevant
PRC government authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities Activities in accordance with the Law, which emphasized
the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies
and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and
incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. This opinions and any related implementation rules to be enacted may subject
us to additional compliance requirement in the future. As of the date hereof, no official guidance or related implementation rules have
been issued. As a result, the opinions remain unclear on how they will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC governmental
authorities. We cannot assure that we will remain fully compliant with all new regulatory requirements of these opinions or any future
implementation rules on a timely basis, or at all. 

On December 24, 2021,
the CSRC published the Draft Administrative Provisions and the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comment) (the Draft Filing Measures ). The Draft Administrative Provisions and
the Draft Filing Measures lay out requirements for filing and include unified regulation management, strengthening regulatory coordination,
and cross-border regulatory cooperation. 

On February 17, 2023,
the CSRC released a set of new regulations which consists of the Trial Measures and five supporting guidelines, which came into effect
on March 31, 2023. On the same date, the CSRC also released the Notice. The Trial Measures refine the regulatory system by subjecting
both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing activities to the CSRC filing-based administration. Requirements for filing entities,
time points and procedures are specified. A PRC domestic company that seeks to offer and list securities in overseas markets shall fulfill
the filing procedure with the CSRC per the requirements of the Trial Measures. Where a PRC domestic company seeks to indirectly offer
and list securities in overseas markets, the issuer shall designate a major domestic operating entity, which shall, as the domestic responsible
entity, file with the CSRC. The Trial Measures also lay out requirements for the reporting of material events. Breaches of the Trial
Measures, such as offering and listing securities overseas without fulfilling the filing procedures, shall bear legal liabilities, including
a fine between RMB 1.0 million (approximately 150,000) and RMB 10.0 million (approximately 1.5 million), and the Trial
Measures heighten the cost for offenders by enforcing accountability with administrative penalties and incorporating the compliance status
of relevant market participants into the Securities Market Integrity Archives. 

According to the Notice, since
the date of effectiveness of the Trial Measures on March 31, 2023, PRC domestic enterprises falling within the scope of filing that
have been listed overseas or met certain circumstances are existing enterprises. Existing enterprises are not required to
file with the CSRC immediately, and filings with the CSRC should be made as required if they involve refinancing and other filing matters.
As confirmed by our PRC counsel, Grandall Law Firm, since we have submitted uplisting documents to the SEC and Nasdaq before March 31,
2023, we are required to file with the CSRC pursuant to the Trial Measures before completing the uplisting and offering on Nasdaq. 

However, if we fail to obtain
the CSRC approval of the filing procedure in a timely manner under PRC laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations by competent
regulators, fines or penalties, ordered to suspend our relevant operations and rectify any non-compliance, prohibited from engaging in
a relevant business or conducting any offering, and these risks could result in a material adverse change in our operating entities 
operations, limit our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline
in value or become worthless. The Trial Measures and Notice were newly published and are subject to change from time to time. Any failure
or perceived failure of us to fully comply with such new regulatory requirements could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, cause significant disruption to our business operations, and severely damage our
reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and could cause the value of
our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

38 

Risks Relating to the VIE and its subsidiaries 
Business and Industry 

The
VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer business is seasonal and affected by factors beyond the VIE and its subsidiaries 
control, which may cause the VIE and its subsidiaries sales and operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

The sale of products from the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer-related
segments is partially dependent upon planting and growing seasons, which vary from year to year, and are expected to result in both seasonal
patterns and substantial fluctuations in quarterly sales and profitability. Different from the traditional organic fertilizer that mostly
be only used as starter fertilizer, the VIE and its subsidiaries products can be used as both the starter fertilizer and regular
fertilizer, which can be applied during all the periods through the crops growth. Weather conditions and natural disasters, such
as heavy rains, hail, floods, freezing conditions, windstorms or fire, also affect decisions by the VIE and its subsidiaries distributors,
direct customers and end users about the types and amounts of products to use and the timing of harvesting and planting. As we increase
the VIE and its subsidiaries sales in the VIE and its subsidiaries current markets and expand into new markets in different
geographies, it is possible that we may experience different seasonality patterns in the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

Disruptions may lead to delays in harvesting or planting by growers
which can result in pushing orders to a future quarter, which could negatively affect results for the quarter in question and cause fluctuations
in operating results. Seasonal variations may be especially pronounced because the VIE and its subsidiaries product lines are mainly
sold in China. Planting and growing seasons, climatic conditions and other variables on which sales of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
products are dependent vary from year to year and quarter to quarter. As a result, we may experience substantial fluctuations in quarterly
sales. 

The overall level of seasonality in the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business is difficult to evaluate as a result of the VIE and its subsidiaries relatively early stage of development, the VIE and
its subsidiaries limited number of commercialized products, the VIE and its subsidiaries expansion into new geographical
territories, the introduction of new products and the timing of introductions of new products. Even though we have implemented safety
measures, the Company had insufficient inventory in April, May, October and November. It is possible that the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business may be more seasonal or experience seasonality in different periods than anticipated. Other factors may also contribute to the
unpredictability of the operating results, including the size and timing of significant distributor transactions, the delay or deferral
of use of the VIE and its subsidiaries commercial technology or products and the fiscal or quarterly budget cycles of the VIE and
its subsidiaries direct customers, distributors, licensees and end users. Customers may purchase large quantities of the VIE and
its subsidiaries products in a particular quarter to store and use over long periods of time or time their purchases to manage
their inventories, which may cause significant fluctuations in the operating results for a particular quarter or year. 

Unavoidable Insufficient Inventory during busy seasons may cause us
to lose some portion of the VIE and its subsidiaries sales. 

Traditional organic fertilizers do have seasonal sales because their
use can only be applied as starter fertilizers before the crops are planted. The VIE and its subsidiaries organic fertilizers can
be used as a starter fertilizer or as regular fertilizers which can be applied during the entire growing period of the crops to supplement
the nutrients needed for growth. The Company s inventory during the peak seasons (such as April to May, and October to November)
is insufficient. The Company s fertilizer production capacity has been upgraded from the original 50,000 tons to 70,000 tons, however,
and the seasonal inventory supply gap is still unavoidable. The inevitable inventory shortage may cause us to lose some portion of the
VIE and its subsidiaries sales. 

Competition
in fertilizer and agricultural industrial products is intense and requires continuous technological development. 

We
currently face significant direct and indirect competition in the markets in which we operate. The markets for fertilizers are intensely
competitive and rapidly changing. Many companies engage in the development of fertilizers, and speed in commercializing a new product
can be a significant competitive advantage. 

In most segments of the fertilizer markets, the number of products
available to end customers is steadily increasing as new products are introduced. We may be unable to compete successfully against the
VIE and its subsidiaries current and future competitors, which may result in price reductions, reduced margins and the inability
to achieve market acceptance for products containing the VIE and its subsidiaries seed traits and technology. In addition, many
of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, distribution and technical
resources than us, and some of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors have more experience in R D, regulatory matters, manufacturing
and marketing. We anticipate increased competition in the future as new companies enter the market and new technologies become available.
Programs to improve genetics and crop protection chemicals are generally concentrated within a relatively small number of large companies,
while non-genetic approaches are underway with a broader set of companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the plant science, specialty food
ingredient and agricultural biotechnology seed and chemical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller
number of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors. 

39 

The
VIE and its subsidiaries technology may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances or entirely different approaches
developed by one or more of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors, which will prevent or limit the VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to generate revenues from the commercialization of the VIE and its subsidiaries seed traits and technology. At the same
time, the expiration of patents covering existing products reduces the barriers to entry for competitors. The VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to compete effectively and to achieve commercial success depends, in part, on the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to
control manufacturing and marketing costs; effectively price and market the VIE and its subsidiaries products, successfully develop
an effective marketing program and an efficient supply chain, develop new products with properties attractive to food manufacturers or
growers and commercialize the VIE and its subsidiaries products quickly without incurring major regulatory costs. We may not be
successful in achieving these factors and any such failure may adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be successful in developing marketable or commercial technologies. 

Through the VIE and its subsidiaries patented technology, we
process crop straw in three hours (including corn, rice, wheat, cotton, and other crops) into high quality organic nutritious fertilizer
rich in small molecules, easily absorbed by crops. The VIE and its subsidiaries success depends in part on the VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to identify and develop high value fertilizer and agriculture industrial technologies for use in commercial products. Through
the VIE and its subsidiaries technology sourcing and product development collaborations we commit substantial efforts and other
resources to accomplish this. It may take several years, if at all, before many of the VIE and its subsidiaries products complete
the development process and become available for production and commercialization. 

As of the date of this registration statement, many of the VIE and
its subsidiaries products have been commercialized by the VIE and its subsidiaries patented technology. There can be no
assurance that the VIE and its subsidiaries future fertilizer productivity and agriculture industrial technologies will be viable
for commercial use, or that we will be able to generate revenues from those technologies, in a significant manner or at all. If seeds
or other products that utilize the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer or technology are unsuccessful in achieving their desired
effect or otherwise fail to be commercialized, we will not receive revenues from the VIE and its subsidiaries customers or royalty
payments from the commercialization of the fertilizer and technologies we develop, which could materially and adversely affect the VIE
and its subsidiaries business, financial condition, results of operations and growth strategy. 

Fertilizers
containing the following traits or biological treatments that we develop may be unsuccessful or fail to achieve commercialization for
any of the following reasons: 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 fertilizers may not be successfully validated in the target crops 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
fertilizers may not have the desired effect on the relevant crop sought by the end market 

We, the VIE and its subsidiaries joint ventures or collaborators
may be unable to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for the fertilizers 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
competitors may launch competing or more effective fertilizers 

we may be unable to patent and/or obtain breeders rights or
any other intellectual property rights on the VIE and its subsidiaries traits and technologies in the necessary jurisdictions 

even if we obtain patent and/or breeders rights or any other
intellectual property rights on the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizers or processing technologies, such rights may be later challenged
by competitors or other parties and 

even if we obtain patent and/or breeders rights or any other
intellectual property rights on the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizers, competitors may design competing products that do not
infringe these intellectual property rights. 

If
we are unable to compete successfully with the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors, the VIE and its subsidiaries financial
condition and results of operations may be harmed. 

We encounter intense competition in each of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business segments on a national, regional and local level. Competition in the industry is primarily based on quality of services, brand
name recognition, geographic coverage and range of services. New and existing competitors may offer competitive rates, greater convenience
or superior services, which could attract customers away from us, resulting in lower revenues for operations. Competition among fertilizer
companies may cause a decrease in price of sales to attract or retain talented employees. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries 
major competitors are Shijiazhuang Xixing Fertilizer Science and Technology Limited, Nanjing Ningliang Bio-chemistry Engineering Limited,
Shijiazhuang Jintaiyang Biology Organic Fertilizer Limited, Beijing Wotu Tiandi Biological Science Limited, Zhenzhou Yongfeng Biology
Fertilizer Limited, Shandong Jianong Biological Engineering Limited, Beijing Aeronautics Hengfeng Technology Limited, Beijing Century
Armstrong Biological Technology Limited, GengLiduo Biological Technology Limited. 

40 

We
do not have multinational competitors. Due to the high price of organic fertilizers from other countries, China has few organic fertilizer
imports. The fertilizers produced by international fertilizer companies entering the Chinese organic fertilizer market are mainly special
functional fertilizers such as foliar fertilizers. These functional fertilizers are not selling well in the domestic market due to high
price. 

Some of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors may have a
broader national presence than us, a more established branding recognition than us in major markets and more financial or other resources
than us. Others may have smaller aggregate businesses than us but may be more established and have greater market presence and brand name
recognition on a local or regional basis. We are also subject to competition from other large national and international companies. These
companies may have more financial or other resources than us. If we fail to compete effectively, the VIE and its subsidiaries business
operations and financial condition will suffer. 

The
loss of any of the VIE and its subsidiaries key suppliers and/or customers could have a materially adverse effect on the VIE and
its subsidiaries results of operations. 

We consider the VIE and its subsidiaries major suppliers in
each period to be those suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of overall purchases in such period. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, 76 and 77 of our supplies came from two and five key suppliers, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 91 
of our supplies came from four key suppliers. Although we believe that we can locate replacement suppliers readily on the market for prevailing
prices and that we may not have significant difficulty replacing a given supplier, any difficulty in replacing such a supplier could adversely
affect the VIE and its subsidiaries company s performance to the extent it results in higher prices, slower supply chain
and ultimately less desirable results of operations. 

In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, two key
customers accounted for 77 and 78 of our revenues, respectively. As the majority of the VIE and its subsidiaries revenues are
driven by individual orders for organic fertilizers, there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve the relationships with
customers who do not have long-term contracts with us. The VIE and its subsidiaries major customers often change each period based
on when a given order is placed. If we cannot maintain long-term relationships with major customers or replace major customers from period
to period with equivalent customers, the loss of such sales could have an adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have engaged in transactions with related parties, and such transactions present possible conflicts of interest that could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

We have entered into a number of
transactions with related parties, including our shareholders, directors and executive officers. For example, for fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023, we have due to related parties balance of 197,196, 96,092, and 42,199, respectively, from Mr. Lirong Wang, Ms.
Xueying Sheng, and Mr. Guohua Lin. See Related Party Transactions. We may in the future enter into additional
transactions with entities in which members of our board of directors and other related parties hold ownership interests. 

Transactions
with the entities in which related parties hold ownership interests present potential for conflicts of interest, as the interests of
these entities and their shareholders may not align with the interests of the Company and our unaffiliated shareholders with respect
to the negotiation of, and certain other matters related to, our purchases from and other transactions with such entities. Conflicts
of interest may also arise in connection with the exercise of contractual remedies under these transactions, such as the treatment of
events of default. 

Currently,
our Board of Directors has authorized the Audit Committee upon its formation to review and approve all material related party transaction.
We rely on the laws of the State of Nevada, which provide that directors owe a duty of care and a duty of loyalty to our company. Nevertheless,
we may have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties and these transactions,
individually or in the aggregate, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations or may result in government enforcement
actions or other litigation. 

41 

The
VIE and its subsidiaries product development cycle is lengthy and uncertain and we may never generate revenues or earn revenues
on the sale of the VIE and its subsidiaries products currently in development. 

The
research and development in the crop productivity and agriculture biotech industries is expensive, complex, prolonged and uncertain.
We may spend many years and dedicate significant financial and other resources developing products that may never generate revenues or
come to market. The VIE and its subsidiaries process of developing and commercializing technologies involves several phases and can take several years from discovery
to commercialization of a product. 

Development
of new or improved agricultural products involves risks of failure inherent in the development of products based on innovative and complex
technologies. These risks include the possibility that: 

the
 VIE and its subsidiaries products will fail to perform as expected in the field 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 products will not receive necessary regulatory permits and governmental clearances in the markets in which we intend to sell them 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 products may have adverse effects on consumers 

consumer
 preferences, which are unpredictable and can vary greatly, may change quickly, making the VIE and its subsidiaries products no longer desirable 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
competitors develop new products that have other more appealing characteristics than the VIE and its subsidiaries products 

the VIE and its subsidiaries products will be viewed as too expensive by food companies or growers as compared to competitive
 products 

the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 products will be difficult to produce on a large scale or will not be economical to grow 

intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties
will prevent us, the VIE and its subsidiaries research and development partners or the VIE and its subsidiaries licensees
from marketing and selling the VIE and its subsidiaries products 

we may be unable to patent or otherwise obtain intellectual property
protection for the VIE and its subsidiaries discoveries in the necessary jurisdictions 

we or the customers that we sell the VIE and its subsidiaries 
products to may be unable to fully develop or commercialize the VIE and its subsidiaries products in a timely manner or at all 
and 

third
 parties may develop superior or equivalent products. 

We
intend to continue to invest in research and development including additional and expanded field testing to validate potential products
in real world conditions. Because of the long product development cycle and the complexities and uncertainties associated with biotech
and agricultural industrial technologies, there can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant revenues from the technologies
or products that we are currently developing without significant delay, without the incurrence of unanticipated costs or at all. 

We
depend on the VIE and its subsidiaries key personnel and research employees, and we may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain qualified
scientific and business personnel. 

The
VIE and its subsidiaries business is dependent on the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to recruit and maintain highly skilled
and qualified individuals through direct employment or collaboration arrangements, with expertise in a range of disciplines, including
biology, chemistry, plant genetics, agronomics, mathematics programming and other subjects relevant to the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business. The VIE and its subsidiaries ability to recruit such a work force depends in part on the VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to maintain the VIE and its subsidiaries market leadership in agricultural biotech industry in China. Maintaining the
VIE and its subsidiaries ability to attract highly-skilled workers and leading scientific institutions depends in part on the
VIE and its subsidiaries ability to maintain a strong technology platform and state-of-the-art facilities, as well as the VIE
and its subsidiaries ability to consistently and successfully commercialize the VIE and its subsidiaries technology. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain leading scientific capabilities or continue to successfully maintain advanced technology
in the market. 

42 

We do not enter into non-compete agreements with the VIE and its subsidiaries 
 employees, and therefore we may be unable to prevent the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors from benefiting from the expertise
of the VIE and its subsidiaries former employees. 

We do not enter into non-compete agreements with the VIE and its subsidiaries 
employees, which prevents us from limiting the VIE and its subsidiaries key employees from joining the VIE and its subsidiaries 
competitors or competing directly against us. As a result, we may be unable to prevent the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors
from benefiting from the expertise of such employees. Direct competition by a former employee could materially adversely affect the VIE
and its subsidiaries business, results of operations and ability to capitalize on the VIE and its subsidiaries proprietary
information. 

We have a limited operating history in
the VIE and its subsidiaries market, which makes it difficult to evaluate the VIE and its subsidiaries future prospects. 

We started engaging in the VIE and its subsidiaries business
in the last few years and have limited revenues to date. As the VIE and its subsidiaries business develops or responds to competition,
we may continue to introduce new products and services or make adjustments to the VIE and its subsidiaries existing offerings and
business model. In connection with the introduction of new products or in response to general economic conditions, we may impose more
stringent borrower qualifications to ensure the quality of loans facilitated by the VIE and its subsidiaries companies, which may
negatively affect the growth of the VIE and its subsidiaries business. Any significant change to the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business model may not achieve expected results and may have a material and adverse impact on the VIE and its subsidiaries financial
conditions and results of operations. It is therefore difficult to effectively assess the VIE and its subsidiaries future prospects.
The risks and challenges we encounter or may encounter in this developing and rapidly evolving market may have impacts on the VIE and
its subsidiaries business and prospects. These risks and challenges include the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to, among
other things: 

navigate
 an evolving regulatory environment; 

expand
 the base of borrowers and lenders; 

broaden
 the VIE and its subsidiaries loan product offerings; 

enhance
 the VIE and its subsidiaries risk management capabilities; 

improve
 the VIE and its subsidiaries operational efficiency; 

cultivate
 a vibrant consumer finance ecosystem; 

maintain the security of the VIE and its subsidiaries IT infrastructure
and the confidentiality of the information provided and utilized across the VIE and its subsidiaries platform; 

attract,
 retain and motivate talented employees; and 

defend
 ourselves against litigation, regulatory, intellectual property, privacy or other claims. 

If we fail to educate potential borrowers and lenders about the value
of the VIE and its subsidiaries services, if the market for the VIE and its subsidiaries services does not develop as we
expect, or if we fail to address the needs of the VIE and its subsidiaries target market, or other risks and challenges, the VIE
and its subsidiaries business and results of operations will be harmed. 

The loss of any of the VIE and its subsidiaries key customers
could reduce the VIE and its subsidiaries revenues and the profitability. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, revenue from two customers
represented 77 and 78 of the VIE and its subsidiaries revenue, respectively. As the majority of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
revenues are driven by individual orders for fertilizer products, there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve the relationships
with customers who do not have long-term contracts with us. The VIE and its subsidiaries major customers often change each period
based on when a given order is placed. If we cannot maintain long-term relationships with major customers or replace major customers from
period to period with equivalent customers, the loss of such sales could have an adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

43 

Any failure of any of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
key suppliers to deliver necessary materials could result in delays in the VIE and its subsidiaries products development or marketing
schedules. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, two suppliers accounted
for 76 and 77 of the VIE and its subsidiaries purchases, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, four suppliers accounted
for 91 of the VIE and its subsidiaries purchases, respectively. We are dependent on the VIE and its subsidiaries suppliers
for our products. Our suppliers may fail to meet timelines or contractual obligations or provide us with sufficient products, which may
adversely affect our business. Certain of the VIE and its subsidiaries contracts with key suppliers can be terminated by the supplier
upon giving notice within a certain period and restrict us from using other suppliers. Failure to appropriately structure or adequately
manage our agreements with third parties may adversely affect our supply of products. We are also subject to credit risk with respect
to the VIE and its subsidiaries third-party suppliers. If any such suppliers become insolvent, an appointed trustee could potentially
ignore the service contracts we have in place with such party, resulting in increased charges or the termination of the service contracts.
We may not be able to replace a service provider within a reasonable period of time, on as favorable terms or without disruption to our
operations. Any adverse changes to our relationships with third-party suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the VIE and its
subsidiaries image, brand and reputation, as well as on the VIE and its subsidiaries business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

In addition, to the extent that the VIE and its subsidiaries 
creditworthiness might be impaired, or general economic conditions decline, certain of the VIE and its subsidiaries key suppliers
may demand onerous payment terms that could materially adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries working capital position,
or such suppliers may refuse to continue to supply to us. A number of the VIE and its subsidiaries key suppliers have taken out
trade credit insurance on our ability to pay them. To the extent that such trade credit insurance becomes unobtainable or more expensive
due to market conditions, we may face adverse changes to payment terms by the VIE and its subsidiaries key suppliers, or they may
refuse to continue to supply us. 

We
may have difficulty managing the risk associated with doing business in the Chinese fertilizer and agricultural products industry. 

In
general, the fertilizer and agricultural products industry in China is affected by a series of factors, including, but not limited to,
natural, economic and social such as climate, market, technology, regulation, and globalization, which makes risk management difficult.
Fertilizer and agricultural products operations in China face similar risks as present in other countries, however, in the PRC these
can either be mitigated or exacerbated due to governmental intervention through policy promulgation and implementation either in the
fertilizer and agricultural products or sectors which provide critical inputs to fertilizer and agricultural products such as energy
or outputs such as transportation. While not an exhaustive list, the following factors could significantly affect our ability to do business: 

food,
 feed, and energy demand; 

agricultural,
 financial, energy and renewable energy and trade policies; 

input
 and output pricing due to market factors and regulatory policies; 

production
 and crop progress due to adverse weather conditions, equipment deliveries, and water and irrigation conditions; and 

infrastructure
 conditions and policies. 

Currently,
we do not hold and do not intend to purchase insurance policies to protect revenue in the case that the above conditions cause losses
of revenue. 

If we do not compete effectively, the VIE
and its subsidiaries results of operations could be harmed. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries industry
in China is intensely competitive and evolving. The VIE and its subsidiaries competitors operate with different business models,
have different cost structures or participate selectively in different market segments. They may ultimately prove more successful or
more adaptable to new regulatory, technological and other developments. Some of the VIE and its subsidiaries current and potential
competitors have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater
resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their services. the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors may also
have longer operating histories, more extensive borrower or lender bases, greater brand recognition and brand loyalty and broader partner
relationships than us. Additionally, a current or potential competitor may acquire one or more of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one or more of the VIE and its subsidiaries competitors. If we are unable
to compete with such companies and meet the need for innovation in the VIE and its subsidiaries industry, the demand for the VIE
and its subsidiaries services could stagnate or substantially decline, we could experience reduced revenues or the VIE and its
subsidiaries services could fail to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm the VIE and
its subsidiaries business and results of operations. 

44 

If we fail to promote and maintain the
VIE and its subsidiaries brand in an effective and cost-efficient way, the VIE and its subsidiaries business and results
of operations may be harmed. 

The continued development and success of the
VIE and its subsidiaries business relies on the recognition of the VIE and its subsidiaries brands. We believe that developing
and maintaining awareness of the VIE and its subsidiaries brand effectively is critical to attracting new and retaining existing
borrowers and lenders to the VIE and its subsidiaries services. Successful promotion of the VIE and its subsidiaries brand
and the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to attract qualified borrowers and sufficient lenders depend largely on the effectiveness
of the VIE and its subsidiaries marketing efforts and the success of the channels we use to promote the VIE and its subsidiaries 
services. The VIE and its subsidiaries efforts to build the VIE and its subsidiaries brand have caused us to incur significant
expenses, and it is likely that the VIE and its subsidiaries future marketing efforts will require us to incur significant additional
expenses. These efforts may not result in increased revenues in the immediate future or at all and, even if they do, any increases in
revenues may not offset the expenses incurred. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain the VIE and its subsidiaries brand
while incurring substantial expenses, the VIE and its subsidiaries results of operations and financial condition would be adversely
affected, which may impair the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to grow the business. 

If
we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to accurately report
our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has not conducted an audit of our internal control over financial reporting. We also have
a history of not filing our periodic reports on time due to uncontrollable reasons. As defined in the standards established by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States, or PCAOB, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

One
material weakness that has been identified related to our lack of sufficient financial reporting and accounting personnel with appropriate
knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements to properly address complex U.S. GAAP accounting issues and to prepare and review
our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures to fulfil U.S. GAAP and SEC financial reporting requirements. The other
material weakness that has been identified related to our lack of comprehensive accounting policies and procedures manual in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

We
have implemented a number of measures to address the material weaknesses that have been identified in connection with the audits of our
consolidated financial statements as of and for the two years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. However, there is no assurance that we
will not have any material weakness in the future. Failure to discover and address any control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies
in our financial statements and impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory
filings on a timely basis. Moreover, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could significantly hinder our ability to
prevent fraud. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate
assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal
sanctions. We may also be required to restate our financial statements from prior periods. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect
on our business and operating results. 

If
we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding internal control over financial reporting
or to remedy any material weaknesses in our internal controls that we may identify, such failure could result in material misstatements
in our financial statements, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the
trading price of our common shares. 

Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and current SEC regulations, we are required to prepare assessments regarding internal controls
over financial reporting. In connection with our on-going assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
we may discover material weaknesses in our internal controls as defined in standards established by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB. A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies,
that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected. The PCAOB defines significant deficiency as a deficiency that results in more than a remote likelihood
that a misstatement of the financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. We determined that
our disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting are not effective and were not effective as of December 31, 2023. 

The
process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to
changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal
controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. We cannot assure you that we will implement and maintain
adequate controls over our financial process and reporting in the future or that the measures we will take will remediate any material
weaknesses that we may identify in the future. 

45 

Our
business depends on the continued efforts of our senior management. If one or more of our key executives were unable or unwilling to
continue in their present positions, our business may be severely disrupted. 

Our business operations depend on the continued
services of our senior management, particularly the executive officers named in this report. While we have provided different incentives
to our management, we cannot assure you that we can continue to retain their services. We currently do not carry a key man 
life insurance on the officers. Therefore, if one or more of our key executives are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions,
we may incur substantial cost or may not be able to replace them at all. Consequently, our future growth may be constrained, our business
may be severely disrupted, and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If that is
the case, we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel. In addition, although we have entered into
confidentiality and non-competition agreements with our management, there is no assurance that any member of our management team will
not join our competitors or form a competing business. If any dispute arises between our current or former officers and us, we may have
to incur substantial costs and expenses in order to enforce such agreements in China or we may be unable to enforce them at all. 

Competition for employees is intense, and
we may not be able to attract and retain the qualified and skilled employees needed to support our business. 

We believe our success depends on the efforts
and talent of our employees, including risk management, software engineering, financial and marketing personnel. Our future success depends
on our continued ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain qualified and skilled employees. Competition for highly skilled technical,
risk management and financial personnel is extremely intense. We may not be able to hire and retain these personnel at compensation levels
consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Some of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees
have greater resources than we have and may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment. 

In addition, we invest significant time and expenses
in training our employees, which increases their value to competitors who may seek to recruit them. If we fail to retain our employees,
we could incur significant expenses in hiring and training their replacements, and the quality of our services and our ability to serve
borrowers and lenders could diminish, resulting in a material adverse effect to our business. 

Increases in labor costs in the PRC may
adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business and results of operations. 

The economy in China has experienced increases
in inflation and labor costs in recent years. As a result, average wages in the PRC are expected to continue to increase. In addition,
we are required by PRC laws and regulations to pay various statutory employee benefits, including pension, housing fund, medical insurance,
work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated government agencies for the benefit of the
VIE and its subsidiaries employees. The relevant government agencies may examine whether an employer has made adequate payments
to the statutory employee benefits, and those employers who fail to make adequate payments may be subject to late payment fees, fines
and/or other penalties. We expect that the VIE and its subsidiaries labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will continue
to increase. Unless we are able to control the VIE and its subsidiaries labor costs or pass on these increased labor costs to the
VIE and its subsidiaries users by increasing the fees of the VIE and its subsidiaries services, the VIE and its subsidiaries 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We do not have any business insurance coverage. 

Insurance companies in China currently do not offer as extensive of
an array of insurance products as insurance companies in more developed economies do. Currently, we do not have any business liability
or disruption insurance to cover the VIE and its subsidiaries operations. We have determined that the costs of insuring for these
risks and the difficulties associated with acquiring such insurance on commercially reasonable terms make it impractical for us to have
such insurance. Any uninsured business disruptions may result in the VIE and its subsidiaries incurring substantial costs and the
diversion of resources, which could have an adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries results of operations and financial
condition. 

46 

We
face Risks Relating to natural disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt operations. 

We are vulnerable to natural disasters and other
calamities. Fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or
similar events may give rise to server interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology service failures or internet failures,
which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware, as well as adversely affect the VIE and its
subsidiaries ability to provide products and services on the VIE and its subsidiaries service. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries business could
also be adversely affected by the effects of virus, flu and other diseases. The VIE and its subsidiaries business operations could
be disrupted if any of the VIE and its subsidiaries employees is suspected of having virus, flu and other diseases, since it could
require the VIE and its subsidiaries employees to be quarantined and/or the VIE and its subsidiaries offices to be disinfected.
In addition, the VIE and its subsidiaries results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that any of these epidemics
harms the Chinese economy in general. 

We may be subject to the general risks underlying
the agriculture industry in PRC market. 

The agriculture industry in the PRC market has
been mature. Particularly, we are principally engaged in the fertilizer processing and distribution business in the People s Republic
of China. Therefore, we need to be cautious in selecting the VIE and its subsidiaries business focus and expansion strategy, and
we should be constantly aware of the innovation risk, technology risk and market risk in the industries. If we fail to make an accurate
judgment of the current market, the VIE and its subsidiaries performance can be severely impacted. 

We may be adversely affected by global economic
conditions. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries ability to
continue to develop and grow the VIE and its subsidiaries business, build proprietary distribution channels and generate revenues
from product sales and royalty payments may be adversely affected by global economic conditions in the future, including instability in
credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices and interest rates, volatile exchange rates and
other challenges that could affect the global economy such as the changing financial regulatory environment. For example, the VIE and
its subsidiaries customers and licensees may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages or difficulties
obtaining financing, which could adversely affect the demand for the VIE and its subsidiaries technologies, products and services.
In addition, the VIE and its subsidiaries earnings may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the price of certain commodities,
such as grains, milk, meat, biofuels and biomaterials. If commodity prices are negatively impacted, the value of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
products could be directly and negatively impacted. Additionally, growers incomes have historically been negatively affected by
commodity prices. As a result, fluctuations in commodity prices could have an impact on growers purchasing decisions and negatively
affect their ability and decisions to purchase the VIE and its subsidiaries seeds or products that incorporate the VIE and its
subsidiaries proprietary technology. We cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market
conditions could adversely impact the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

Changes in laws and regulations to which
we are subject, or to which we may become subject in the future, may materially increase the VIE and its subsidiaries costs of
operation, decrease operating revenues and disrupt business. 

Laws and regulatory standards and procedures that
impact the VIE and its subsidiaries business are continuously changing. Responding to these changes and meeting existing and new
requirements may be costly and burdensome. Changes in laws and regulations may occur that could: 

impair or eliminate the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to
source technology and develop the VIE and its subsidiaries products, including validating the VIE and its subsidiaries products
through field trials and passing biosafety evaluations 

increase the VIE and its subsidiaries compliance and other costs
of doing business through increases in the cost to protect the VIE and its subsidiaries intellectual property, including know-how,
trade secrets and regulatory data, or increases in the cost to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to commercialize and market the
products we develop directly or jointly 

require
 significant product redesign or redevelopment 

render the VIE and its subsidiaries seed traits and technology
and products that incorporate them less profitable or less attractive compared to competing products 

reduce
 the amount of revenues we receive from government grants, licenses or other royalties and 

discourage us and other collaborators from offering, and end markets
from purchasing, products that incorporate the VIE and its subsidiaries seed traits and technology. 

Any of these events could have a material adverse
effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business, results of operations and financial condition. Legislation and jurisprudence on
intellectual property in the key markets where we seek protection, primarily in China, is evolving and changes in laws could affect the
VIE and its subsidiaries ability to obtain or maintain intellectual property protection for the VIE and its subsidiaries 
products. Any changes to these existing laws and regulations may materially increase the VIE and its subsidiaries costs, decrease
the VIE and its subsidiaries revenues and disrupt the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

47 

The overall agricultural industry is susceptible
to commodity price changes and we, along with the VIE and its subsidiaries food manufacturing customers and grower customers,
are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices. 

Changes in the prices of certain commodity products
could result in higher overall cost along the agricultural supply chain, which may negatively affect the VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to commercialize the VIE and its subsidiaries products We will be susceptible to changes in costs in the agricultural industry
as a result of factors beyond the VIE and its subsidiaries control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations,
weather conditions, demand, food safety concerns, product recalls and government regulations. As a result, we may not be able to anticipate
or react to changing costs by adjusting the VIE and its subsidiaries practices, which could cause operating results to deteriorate. 

The VIE and its subsidiaries operations
are subject to various health and environmental risks associated with the VIE and its subsidiaries use, handling and disposal of
potentially toxic materials. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local
and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, the handling, use,
storage, treatment, manufacture and disposal of wastes, discharge of pollutants into the environment and human health and safety matters. 

Although there are no hazardous substances in
the raw materials used by us that will affect and damage the company s employees, factory, other property and the environment. The
safety of raw materials is also one of the requirements when applying for the fertilizer registration certificate. We cannot completely
eliminate the risk of contamination or discharge and any resultant injury from these materials. If these risks were to materialize, we
could be subject to fines, liability, reputational harm or otherwise adverse effects on the VIE and its subsidiaries business.
We may be sued for any injury or contamination that results from the VIE and its subsidiaries use or the use by third parties of
these materials, or may otherwise be required to remedy the contamination, and the VIE and its subsidiaries liability may exceed
any insurance coverage and the VIE and its subsidiaries total assets. Furthermore, compliance with environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations may be expensive and may impair the VIE and its subsidiaries Research Development efforts. If we fail
to comply with these requirements, we could incur substantial costs and liabilities, including civil or criminal fines and penalties,
clean-up costs or capital expenditures for control equipment or operational changes necessary to achieve and maintain compliance. In addition,
we cannot predict the impact on the VIE and its subsidiaries business of new or amended environmental, health and safety laws or
regulations or any changes in the way existing and future laws and regulations are interpreted and enforced. These current or future laws
and regulations may impair the VIE and its subsidiaries research, development or production efforts. 

Failure to maintain or enhance the VIE and
its subsidiaries brands or image could have a material and adverse effect on the business and results of operations. 

We believe the VIE and its subsidiaries brands are associated
with a well-recognized, integrated fertilizers company in the local markets in which it operates, with consistent high-quality products
for end customers in China. the VIE and its subsidiaries brands are integral to the VIE and its subsidiaries sales and marketing
efforts. The VIE and its subsidiaries continued success in maintaining and enhancing the VIE and its subsidiaries brand
and image depends to a large extent on the VIE and its subsidiaries ability to satisfy customer needs by further developing and
maintaining quality of services across the VIE and its subsidiaries operations, as well as the VIE and its subsidiaries 
ability to respond to competitive pressures. If we are unable to satisfy customer needs or if our public image or reputation are otherwise
diminished, the VIE and its subsidiaries business transactions with the VIE and its subsidiaries customers may decline,
which could, in turn, adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries results of operations. 

Any failure to protect the VIE and its subsidiaries 
trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on the VIE and its subsidiaries business. 

We believe the VIE and its subsidiaries 
intellectual property rights are critical to the VIE and its subsidiaries success. Any unauthorized use of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
intellectual property rights could harm the VIE and its subsidiaries competitive advantages and business. Implementation of Chinese
intellectual property-related laws have historically been lacking, primarily because of ambiguities in Chinese laws and enforcement difficulties.
Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or
other western countries. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive, and we may need
to resort to litigation to enforce or defend patents issued to us or to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the VIE and
its subsidiaries proprietary rights or those of others. Such litigation and an adverse determination in any such litigation, if
any, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention, which could harm the VIE and its subsidiaries 
business and competitive position. If we are unable to adequately protect the VIE and its subsidiaries brand, trademarks and other
intellectual property rights, we may lose these rights and the VIE and its subsidiaries business may suffer materially. 

48 

Our
outstanding long-term loan and other financing arrangement payable may adversely affect our available cash flow and our ability to operate
our business. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, our current
portion of long-term debt were 773,039 and 1,039,243 respectively. We also have advances from related parties (Mr. Lirong Wang, Ms.
Xueying Sheng and Mr. Guohua Lin) for working capital of the Company which are due on demand, non-interest bearing, and unsecured. For
further information, see Related Party Transaction s. 

Our outstanding and future loans, combined with
our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have negative consequences on our business and financial condition.
We believe that our cash, cash equivalents on hand will be sufficient to meet our current and anticipated needs for general corporate
purposes for at least the next 12 months. However, we need to make continued investment for our expansion in facilities and to retain
talents to remain competitive. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or
at all, if and when required, especially if we experience disappointing operating results. If adequate capital is not available to us
as required, our ability to fund operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance our facilities or respond
to competitive pressures could be significantly limited. 

Increases in labor costs in the PRC may
adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business and the VIE and its subsidiaries profitability. 

China s economy has experienced increases
in labor costs in recent years. China s overall economy and the average wage in China is expected to continue to grow. The average
wage level for the VIE and its subsidiaries employees has also increased in recent years. We expect that the VIE and its subsidiaries 
labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will continue to increase. Unless we are able to pass on these increased labor costs
to the VIE and its subsidiaries customers by increasing prices for the VIE and its subsidiaries products or services, the
VIE and its subsidiaries profitability and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, we have been subject to stricter
regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor contracts with the VIE and its subsidiaries employees and paying various
statutory employee benefits, including pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance
and childbearing insurance to designated government agencies for the benefit of the VIE and its subsidiaries employees. Pursuant
to the PRC Labor Contract Law, or the Labor Contract Law, that became effective in January 2008 and its implementing rules that became
effective in September 2008 and its amendments that became effective in July 2013, employers are subject to stricter requirements in terms
of signing labor contracts, minimum wages, paying remuneration, determining the term of employees probation and unilaterally terminating
labor contracts. In the event that we decide to terminate some of the VIE and its subsidiaries employees or otherwise change the
VIE and its subsidiaries employment or labor practices, the Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules may limit the VIE and
its subsidiaries ability to effect those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely affect the VIE
and its subsidiaries business and results of operations. Besides, pursuant to the Labor Contract Law and its amendments, dispatched
employees are intended to be a supplementary form of employment and the fundamental form should be direct employment by enterprises and
organizations that require employees. Further, it is expressly stated in the Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch that became effective
on March 1, 2014 that the number of seconded employees an employer uses may not exceed 10 of its total labor force and the employer has
a two-year transition period to comply with such requirement. The VIE and its consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated branch offices
used seconded employees for their principal business activities. The transition period ended on February 29, 2016, and those PRC subsidiaries
have taken steps to decrease the number of seconded employees. If the relevant PRC subsidiaries are deemed to have violated the limitation
on the use of seconded employees under the relevant labor laws and regulations, we may be subject to fines and incur other costs to make
required changes to the VIE and its subsidiaries current employment practices. 

As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related
laws and regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure you that the VIE and its subsidiaries employment practice does not and
will not violate labor-related laws and regulations in China, which may subject us to labor disputes or government investigations. If
we are deemed to have violated relevant labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation to the VIE
and its subsidiaries employees and the VIE and its subsidiaries business, and the VIE and its subsidiaries financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

49 

We may be liable for improper use or appropriation
of personal information provided by the VIE and its subsidiaries customers. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and
regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations are continuously
evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting,
particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary
in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

We expect to obtain information about various
aspects of operations as well as regarding the VIE and its subsidiaries employees and third parties. We also maintain information
about various aspects of operations as well as regarding the VIE and its subsidiaries employees. The integrity and protection of
the VIE and its subsidiaries customer, employee and company data is critical to the VIE and its subsidiaries business. The
VIE and its subsidiaries customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required
by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard
such information. 

The
PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits
institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained
during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November
7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security
Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant
to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only
collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance
for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under
the relevant laws and regulations. 

The
Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides
main legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the
Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas
of data security and data protection. 

The
PRC regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including
the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws
and regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity
Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information
infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

In
November 2016, the Standing Committee of China s National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements
on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government
scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of
related business, winding up for rectification, shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In
April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review
Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure
must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10,
2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft
Measures ), which required that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data
processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity
review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including,
among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and
illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large
amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace
Administration of China has said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for
cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected,
controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national
security risks from overseas IPOs. We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and our listing
on Nasdaq. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, we may be required
to delist from Nasdaq and we may be subject to fines and penalties. 

50 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress enacted the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on
September 1, 2021. The law requires data collection to be conducted in a legitimate and proper manner, and stipulates that, for the purpose
of data protection, data processing activities must be conducted based on data classification and hierarchical protection system for
data security. 

On
July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly
issued a document to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over Mainland China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the
system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. 

On
August 20, 2021, the 30th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 13th National People s Congress voted and passed the Personal
Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China , or PRC Personal Information Protection Law ,
which became effective on November 1, 2021. The PRC Personal Information Protection Law applies to the processing of personal information
of natural persons within the territory of Mainland China that is carried out outside of Mainland China where (1) such processing is
for the purpose of providing products or services for natural persons within Mainland China, (2) such processing is to analyze or evaluate
the behavior of natural persons within Mainland China, or (3) there are any other circumstances stipulated by related laws and administrative
regulations. 

On
December 24, 2021, the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), together with other relevant government authorities
in Mainland China issued the Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (Draft for Comments), and the Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft
for Comments) Draft Overseas Listing Regulations ). The Draft Overseas Listing Regulations require that a Mainland China
domestic enterprise seeking to issue and list its shares overseas Overseas Issuance and Listing shall complete the filing
procedures of and submit the relevant information to CSRC. The Overseas Issuance and Listing includes direct and indirect issuance and
listing. Where an enterprise whose principal business activities are conducted in Mainland China seeks to issue and list its shares in
the name of an overseas enterprise Overseas Issuer on the basis of the equity, assets, income or other similar rights
and interests of the relevant Mainland China domestic enterprise, such activities shall be deemed an indirect overseas issuance and listing Indirect Overseas Issuance and Listing under the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial
Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Trial Measures, and five supporting
guidelines, effective on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Trial Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas,
both directly and indirectly, should fulfill the filing procedure and report relevant information to the CSRC. Since these statements
and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published, their interpretation, application and enforcement of unclear and there
also remains significant uncertainty as to the enactment, interpretation and implementation of other regulatory requirements related to
overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities,; our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors
would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly decline or be worthless, by existing or future laws
and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities, if we or our subsidiaries
(i) do not receive or maintain such filings, permissions or approvals required by the PRC government, (ii) inadvertently conclude that
such filings, permissions or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required
to obtain such filings, permissions or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little
advance notice. 

In
the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC or any other PRC governmental
authorities, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such
uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

A
severe or prolonged downturn in the global or Chinese economy could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 

The
Chinese economy has slowed down since 2012 and such slowdown may continue. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects
of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s
leading economies, including the United States and China. There have been concerns over unrest and terrorist threats in the Middle East,
Europe and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in oil and other markets, and over the conflicts involving Ukraine and Syria. There
have also been concerns on the relationship among China and other Asian countries, which may result in or intensify potential conflicts
in relation to territorial disputes. Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions, as well as changes in
domestic economic and political policies and the expected or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. Any severe or prolonged
slowdown in the global or Chinese economy may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, continued turbulence in the international markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital markets to meet liquidity
needs. 

51 

Risks
Relating to Our Corporate Structure 

If
the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to Shanghai Muliang, our consolidated variable interest entity,
do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation
of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those
operations. 

The
PRC government regulates telecommunications-related businesses through strict business licensing requirements and other government regulations.
These laws and regulations also include limitations on foreign ownership of PRC companies that engage in telecommunications-related businesses.
Specifically, foreign investors are not allowed to own more than 50 of the equity interests in a value-added telecommunications service
provider (except for e-commerce, domestic multi-party communication, storage and forwarding classes and call centers) under the Special
Administrative Measures for Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (Edition 2020), which was promulgated on June 23, 2020 and implemented
on July 23, 2020, and such major foreign investor in a Foreign-Invested Telecommunications Enterprise must have experience in providing
value-added telecommunications services, or VATS, and maintain a good track record in accordance with the Administrative Provisions on
Foreign-Invested Telecommunications Enterprises (revised in 2016), and other applicable laws and regulations. 

Muliang Viagoo is a holding company incorporated
in Nevada. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial majority of operations in the People s
Republic of China, or PRC or China, though the variable interest entity, Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries.
We receive the economic benefits of the VIE and its subsidiaries business operations through certain contractual arrangements.
Investors in our common shares offered in our future offerings are purchasing shares of the U.S. holding company and not shares of the
VIE and its subsidiaries in China that are conducting the business operations. For a description of the VIE contractual arrangements,
see Corporation History and Structure-Contractual Arrangements . 

The
VIE contributed 100 of the Company s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the VIE
accounted for 100 and 99 of the consolidated total assets and total liabilities of the Company respectively. 

We
rely on and expect to continue to rely on our wholly owned PRC subsidiary s contractual arrangements with Shanghai Muliang and
its shareholders to operate our business. These contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with control over Shanghai
Muliang as ownership of controlling equity interests would be in providing us with control over, or enabling us to derive economic benefits
from the operations of Shanghai Muliang. Under the current contractual arrangements, as a legal matter, if Shanghai Muliang or any of
its shareholders executing the VIE Agreements fails to perform its, his or her respective obligations under these contractual arrangements,
we may have to incur substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements, and rely on legal remedies available under PRC laws,
including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective. For
example, if shareholders of a variable interest entity were to refuse to transfer their equity interests in such variable interest entity
to us or our designated persons when we exercise the purchase option pursuant to these contractual arrangements, we may have to take
a legal action to compel them to fulfill their contractual obligations. 

If
(i) the applicable PRC authorities invalidate these contractual arrangements for violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations, (ii) any
variable interest entity or its shareholders terminate the contractual arrangements (iii) any variable interest entity or its shareholders
fail to perform its/his/her obligations under these contractual arrangements, or (iv) if these regulations change or are interpreted
differently in the future, our business operations in China would be materially and adversely affected, and the value of your shares
would substantially decrease or even become worthless. Further, if we fail to renew these contractual arrangements upon their expiration,
we would not be able to continue our business operations unless the then current PRC law allows us to directly operate businesses in
China. 

In
addition, if any variable interest entity or all or part of its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, we
may be unable to continue some or all of our business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If any of the variable interest entities undergoes a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding,
its shareholders or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby hindering our ability to
operate our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business and our ability to generate revenues. 

All
of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC.
The legal environment in the PRC is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties
in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In the event we are unable to enforce these
contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over operating entities and we may be precluded from operating
our business, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

These
contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIE. For example, the VIE
and their shareholders could breach their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations
in an acceptable manner or taking other actions that are detrimental to our interests. If we had direct ownership of the VIE, we would
be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of the VIE, which in turn could implement
changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management and operational level. However, under the current contractual
arrangements, we rely on the performance by the VIE and their shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control
over the VIE. The shareholders of our consolidated VIE may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations
under these contracts. Such risks exist throughout the period in which we intend to operate certain portions of our business through
the contractual arrangements with the VIE. 

52 

If
the VIE or their shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial
costs and expend additional resources to enforce such arrangements. For example, if the shareholders of the VIE refuse to transfer their
equity interest in the VIE to us or our designee if we exercise the purchase option pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if
they otherwise act in bad faith toward us, then we may have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations.
In addition, if any third parties claim any interest in such shareholders equity interests in the VIE, our ability to exercise
shareholders rights or foreclose the share pledge according to the contractual arrangements may be impaired. If these or other
disputes between the shareholders of the VIE and third parties were to impair our control over the VIE, our ability to consolidate the
financial results of the VIE would be affected, which would in turn result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and
financial condition. 

In
the opinion our PRC legal counsel, each of the contractual arrangements among our WFOE, the VIE and its shareholders governed by PRC
laws are valid, binding and enforceable, and will not result in any violation of PRC laws or regulations currently in effect. However,
our PRC legal counsel has also advised us that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current
and future PRC laws, regulations and rules. Accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities may ultimately take a view that is contrary to
the opinion of our PRC legal counsel. In addition, it is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest
entity structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. PRC government authorities may deem that foreign ownership
is directly or indirectly involved in the VIE s shareholding structure. If our corporate structure and contractual arrangements
are deemed by the MIIT or the MOFCOM or other regulators having competent authority to be illegal, either in whole or in part, we may
lose control of our consolidated VIE and have to modify such structure to comply with regulatory requirements. However, there can be
no assurance that we can achieve this without material disruption to our VATS business. Furthermore, if we or the VIE is found to be
in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals,
the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or failures, including,
without limitation: 

revoking
 the business license and/or operating licenses of our WFOE or the VIE; 

discontinuing
 or placing restrictions or onerous conditions on operations through any transactions among our WFOE, the VIE and its subsidiaries; 

imposing
 fines, confiscating the income from our WFOE, the VIE or its subsidiaries, or imposing other requirements with which we or the VIE
 may not be able to comply; 

placing
 restrictions on our right to collect revenues; 

shutting
 down our servers or blocking our app/websites; 

requiring
 us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the contractual arrangements with the VIE and deregistering
 the equity pledges of the VIE, which in turn would affect our ability to consolidate, derive economic interests from, or exert effective
 control over the VIE; or 

restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any future offerings
to finance our business and operations in China. 

taking
 other regulatory or enforcement actions against us that could be harmful to our business. 

The
imposition of any of these penalties would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. In addition,
it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on our ability to consolidate the financial results of the
VIE in our consolidated financial statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find our corporate structure and contractual
arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes us to lose our
right to direct the activities of the VIE or our right to receive substantially all the economic benefits and residual returns from the
VIE and we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no longer be able to
consolidate the financial results of the VIE in our consolidated financial statements. Either of these results, or any other significant
penalties that might be imposed on us in this event, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

53 

We
rely on contractual arrangements with the VIE and their shareholders for a large portion of our business operations. These arrangements
may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control. Any failure by the VIE or their shareholders to perform
their obligations under such contractual arrangements would have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

We
have relied and expect to continue relying on contractual arrangements with the VIE and their shareholders to operate our business in
China. The revenues contributed by the VIE and their subsidiaries constituted substantially 100 of our net revenue for the year of 2023. 

These
contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIE. For example, the VIE
and their shareholders could breach their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations
in an acceptable manner or taking other actions that are detrimental to our interests. If we had direct ownership of the VIE, we would
be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors of the VIE, which in turn could implement
changes, subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management and operational level. However, under the current contractual
arrangements, we rely on the performance by the VIE and their shareholders of their obligations under the contracts to exercise control
over the VIE. The shareholders of our consolidated VIE may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations
under these contracts. Such risks exist throughout the period in which we intend to operate certain portions of our business through
the contractual arrangements with the VIE. 

If
the VIE or their shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have difficulty
in enforcing any rights the Company may have under the VIE Agreements in PRC and have to incur substantial costs and expend additional
resources to enforce such arrangements. For example, if the shareholders of the VIE refuse to transfer their equity interest in the VIE
to us or our designee if we exercise the purchase option pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they otherwise act in bad
faith toward us, then we may have to take legal actions to compel them to perform their contractual obligations. In addition, if any
third parties claim any interest in such shareholders equity interests in the VIE, our ability to exercise shareholders 
rights or foreclose the share pledge according to the contractual arrangements may be impaired. If these or other disputes between the
shareholders of the VIE and third parties were to impair our control over the VIE, our ability to consolidate the financial results of
the VIE would be affected, which would in turn result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 

Any
failure by Shanghai Muliang, our consolidated variable interest entity, or its shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual
arrangements with them would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
refer to the shareholders of the VIE as its nominee shareholders because although they remain the holders of equity interests on record
in the VIE, pursuant to the terms of the relevant power of attorney, such shareholders have irrevocably authorized the individual appointed
by Shanghai Mufeng to exercise their rights as a shareholder of the relevant VIE. If the VIE, or its shareholders fail to perform their
respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to
enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including seeking specific performance or injunctive
relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective under PRC laws. For example, if the shareholders of Shanghai
Muliang were to refuse to transfer their equity interest in Shanghai Muliang to us or our designee if we exercise the purchase option
pursuant to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, then we may have to take legal actions
to compel them to perform their contractual obligations. 

All
the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed by PRC laws and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration
in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC laws and any disputes would be resolved in accordance
with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the PRC is not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States.
As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. See Risks
Relating to Doing Business in China-Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system and changes in laws and regulations in China could
adversely affect us. Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual arrangements
in the context of a consolidated variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC laws. There remain significant
uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such arbitration should legal action become necessary. In addition, under PRC laws, rulings
by arbitrators are final and parties cannot appeal arbitration results in court unless such rulings are revoked or determined unenforceable
by a competent court. If the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties
may only enforce the arbitration awards in PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would require additional
expenses and delay. In the event that we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, or if we suffer significant delay or other
obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over our consolidated
variable interest entity, and our ability to conduct our business may be negatively affected. 

54 

We
are a holding company and will rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries
to make dividend payments to us, or any tax implications of making dividend payments to us, could limit our ability to pay our parent
company expenses or pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

We
are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our business through Shanghai Muliang, which is a limited liability company established
in China and its subsidiaries. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our PRC subsidiary to fund our cash and financing requirements,
including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and
to pay operating expenses. If our PRC subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may
restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 

Under
PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiary, which is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise in China, may pay dividends only out of its
accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise
is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund,
until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. 

Our
PRC subsidiary generates primarily all of its revenue in Renminbi, which is not freely convertible into other currencies. As a result,
any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiary to use its Renminbi revenues to pay dividends to us.
The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting process may be put
forward by State Administration of Foreign Exchange (the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current
account and the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments
to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business,
pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties
or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises
are incorporated. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could materially
and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or
otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

The
shareholders of the VIE may have actual or potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business
and financial condition. 

As of the date of this report, we are not aware
any conflicts between the shareholders of the VIE and us. However, the shareholders of the VIE may have actual or potential conflicts
of interest with us in the future. These shareholders may refuse to sign or breach, or cause the VIE to breach, or refuse to renew, the
existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the VIE, which would have a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively
control the VIE and receive economic benefits from it. For example, the shareholders may be able to cause our agreements with the VIE
to be performed in a manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements to
us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of interest arise any or all of these shareholders will act in the best
interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved in our favor, particularly given the relatively large number of shareholders
that Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Zongbao and Shanghai Zongbao Environmental Construction Co., Ltd., two of the VIE,
has. Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address potential conflicts of interest between these shareholders and our company.
If we cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and these shareholders, we would have to rely on legal proceedings,
which could result in disruption of our business and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. 

55 

Our
contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law, and any
disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. 

Investors
in our shares of common stock should be aware that they are purchasing equity in Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc., our Nevada holding company,
which does not directly own substantially all of our business in China conducted by the VIE. Although we have been advised by our PRC
legal counsel that our contractual arrangements constitute valid and binding obligations enforceable against each party of such agreements
in accordance with their terms, they may not be as effective in providing control over Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd., the operating
entities, as direct ownership. If the PRC operating entities or the registered shareholders fail to perform their respective obligations
under the contractual arrangements, we may incur substantial costs and expend substantial resources to enforce our rights. All of these
contractual arrangements are governed by and interpreted in accordance with PRC laws, and disputes arising from these contractual arrangements
will be resolved through arbitration or litigation in the PRC. However, the legal system in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions,
such as the United States. There are very few precedents and little official guidance as to how contractual arrangements in the context
of a variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC laws. There remain significant uncertainties regarding the
outcome of arbitration or litigation. These uncertainties could limit our ability to enforce these Contractual Arrangements. In the event
we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements or we experience significant delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing
these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over our affiliated entities and may lose control over
the assets owned by Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd. Our financial performance may be adversely and materially affected as a result
and we may not be eligible to consolidate the financial results of the PRC Operating Entities into our financial results. 

Contractual
arrangements in relation to the VIE may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the VIE owe
additional taxes, which could negatively affect our financial condition and the value of your investment. 

Under
applicable PRC laws and regulations, arrangements and transactions among related parties may be subject to audit or challenge by the
PRC tax authorities within ten years after the taxable year when the transactions are conducted. The PRC enterprise income tax law requires
every enterprise in China to submit its annual enterprise income tax return together with a report on transactions with its related parties
to the relevant tax authorities. The tax authorities may impose reasonable adjustments on taxation if they have identified any related
party transactions that are inconsistent with arm s length principles. We may face material and adverse tax consequences if the
PRC tax authorities determine that the contractual arrangements between Shanghai Mufeng, the variable interest entity Shanghai Muliang
and the shareholders of Shanghai Muliang were not entered into on an arm s length basis in such a way as to result in an impermissible
reduction in taxes under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, and adjust Shanghai Muliang income in the form of a transfer pricing
adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among other things, result in a reduction of expense deductions recorded by Shanghai
Muliang for PRC tax purposes, which could, in turn, increase their tax liabilities without reducing Shanghai Mufeng tax expenses. In
addition, if Shanghai Mufeng requests the Shanghai Muliang Shareholders to transfer their equity interests in Shanghai Muliang at nominal
or no value pursuant to these contractual arrangements, such transfer could be viewed as a gift and subject Shanghai Mufeng to PRC income
tax. Furthermore, the PRC tax authorities may impose late payment fees and other penalties on Shanghai Muliang for the adjusted but unpaid
taxes according to the applicable regulations. Our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if Shanghai Muliang s
tax liabilities increase or if they are required to pay late payment fees and other penalties. 

We
may lose the ability to use, or otherwise benefit from, the licenses, approvals and assets held by the VIE, which could severely disrupt
our business, render us unable to conduct some or all of our business operations and constrain our growth. 

We
rely on contractual arrangements with the VIE to use, or otherwise benefit from, certain foreign restricted licenses and permits that
we need or may need in the future as our business continues to expand, such as the internet content provider license, or the ICP license
held by Shanghai Muliang, the VIE. 

56 

The
contractual arrangements contain terms that specifically obligate the VIE shareholders to ensure the valid existence of the VIE
and restrict the disposal of material assets of the VIE. However, in the event the VIE shareholders breach the terms of these
contractual arrangements and voluntarily liquidate the VIE, or the VIE declare bankruptcy and all or part of their assets become subject
to liens or rights of third-party creditors, or are otherwise disposed of without our consent, we may be unable to conduct some or all
of our business operations or otherwise benefit from the assets held by the VIE, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if the VIE undergo a voluntary or involuntary liquidation proceeding, their
shareholders or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of the assets of the VIE, thereby hindering our ability
to operate our business as well as constrain our growth. 

If
the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible assets, including chops and seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities,
or misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business and operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Under
PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts that our business relies on, are executed using
the chop or seal of the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed with
the relevant local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation, SMAR formerly known as the State Administration
for Industry and Commerce SAIC ). We generally execute legal documents by affixing chops or seals, rather than having the
designated legal representatives sign the documents. 

We
use two major types of chops: corporate chops and finance chops. Chops are seals or stamps used by a PRC company to legally authorize
documents, often in place of a signature. We use corporate chops generally for documents to be submitted to government agencies, such
as applications for changing business scope, directors or company name, and for legal letters. We use finance chops generally for making
and collecting payments, including issuing invoices. Use of corporate chops must be approved by our legal department and administrative
department, and use of finance chops must be approved by our finance department. The chops of our subsidiary and consolidated VIE are
generally held by the relevant entities so that documents can be executed locally. Although we usually utilize chops to execute contracts,
the registered legal representatives of our subsidiary and consolidated VIE have the apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf
of such entities without chops, unless such contracts set forth otherwise. 

In
order to maintain the physical security of our chops, we generally have them stored in secured locations accessible only to the designated
key employees of our legal, administrative or finance departments. Our designated legal representatives generally do not have access
to the chops. Although we have approval procedures in place and monitor our key employees, including the designated legal representatives
of our subsidiary and consolidated VIE, the procedures may not be sufficient to prevent all instances of abuse or negligence. In addition,
we also separate the authorized user of chops from the keeper of keys to the storage room and install security camera for the storage
room. There is a risk that our key employees or designated legal representatives could abuse their authority, for example, by binding
our subsidiary and consolidated VIE with contracts against our interests, as we would be obligated to honor these contracts if the other
contracting party acts in good faith in reliance on the apparent authority of our chops or signatures of our legal representatives. If
any designated legal representative obtains control of the chop in an effort to obtain control over the relevant entity, we would need
to have a shareholder or board resolution to designate a new legal representative to take legal action to seek the return of the chop,
apply for a new chop with the relevant authorities, or otherwise seek legal remedies for the legal representative s misconduct.
If any of the designated legal representatives obtains and misuses or misappropriates our chops and seals or other controlling intangible
assets for whatever reason, we could experience disruption to our normal business operations. We may have to take corporate or legal
action, which could involve significant time and resources to resolve the matter, while distracting management from operations, and our
business operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current
corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

The
Ministry of Commerce published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign Investment Law in January 2015, or the 2015 FIL Draft, which
expands the definition of foreign investment and introduces the principle of actual control in determining whether a company
is considered a foreign-invested enterprise, or an FIE. Under the 2015 FIL Draft, VIE that are controlled via contractual arrangement
would also be deemed as foreign invested enterprises, if they are ultimately controlled by foreign investors. 

57 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the FIL, which will come into
effect on January 1, 2020, repealing simultaneously the Law of the PRC on Sino-foreign Equity Joint Ventures, the Law of the PRC on Wholly
Foreign-owned Enterprises and the Law of the PRC on Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Ventures, together with their implementation rules
and ancillary regulations. Pursuant to the FIL, foreign investment refers to any investment activity directly or indirectly carried out
by foreign natural persons, enterprises, or other organizations, including investment in new construction project, establishment of foreign
funded enterprise or increase of investment, merger and acquisition, and investment in any other way stipulated under laws, administrative
regulations, or provisions of the State Council. Although the FIL has deleted the particular reference to the concept of actual
control and contractual arrangements compared to the 2015 FIL Draft, there is still uncertainty regarding whether the VIE would
be identified as a FIE in the future. 

Even
if the VIE were to be identified as a FIE in the future, we believe that our current business would not be adversely affected. However,
if we were to engage in any business conduct involving third parties identified as prohibited or restricted on the Negative List, the
VIE as well as its subsidiary may be subject to laws and regulations on foreign investment. In addition, our shareholders would also
be prohibited or restricted to invest in certain sectors on the Negative List. However, even if the VIE were to be identified as a FIE,
the validity of our contractual arrangements with Shanghai Muliang and its shareholders as well as our corporate structure would not
be adversely affected. We would still be able to receive benefits from the VIE in accordance with the contractual agreements. In addition,
as the Chinese government has been updating the Negative List in recent years and reducing the sectors prohibited or restricted for foreign
investment, it is probable in the future that, even if the VIE is identified as a FIE, it is still allowed to acquire or hold equity
of enterprises in sectors currently prohibited or restricted for foreign investment. 

Furthermore,
the PRC Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating foreign
investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within five years after the implementing of the PRC Foreign Investment
Law. 

In
addition, the PRC Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their investments
in the PRC, including, among others, that a foreign investor may freely transfer into or out of China, in Renminbi or a foreign currency,
its contributions, profits, capital gains, income from disposition of assets, royalties of intellectual property rights, indemnity or
compensation lawfully acquired, and income from liquidation, among others, within China; local governments shall abide by their commitments
to the foreign investors; governments at all levels and their departments shall enact local normative documents concerning foreign investment
in compliance with laws and regulations and shall not impair legitimate rights and interests, impose additional obligations onto FIEs,
set market access restrictions and exit conditions, or intervene with the normal production and operation activities of FIEs; except
for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall be made in
a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment of foreign investors is prohibited; and mandatory technology transfer
is prohibited. 

Notwithstanding
the above, the PRC Foreign Investment Law stipulates that foreign investment includes foreign investors invest through any other
methods under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council . Therefore, there are possibilities
that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council may regard contractual arrangements as a form
of foreign investment, and then whether our contractual arrangement will be recognized as foreign investment, whether our contractual
arrangement will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements and how the above-mentioned contractual arrangement
will be handled are uncertain. 

58 

The
Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities . We are currently
not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges, however, if the VIE or the holding company were required
to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to
continue listing on U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those
relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these
jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures
and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future,
including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional
or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular
regions thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

For
example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI)
and two days later ordered that the company s app be removed from smartphone app stores. 

As
such, the Company s business segments may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which
they operate. The Company could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal
agencies and government sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws
and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. The Chinese government may intervene or influence operations at any time with
little advance notice, which could result in a material change in operations and in the value of our common stock. Any actions by the
Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Furthermore,
it is uncertain when and whether the Company will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges
in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although the Company is currently not
required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial
to list on the U.S. exchange, operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations
relating to its business or industry. As a result, our common stock may decline in value dramatically or even become worthless should
we become subject to new requirement to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchange in the future. 

Recently,
the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These
opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings
by China-based companies. These opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
systems, to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data
privacy protection. Moreover, the State Internet Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review (Revised Draft for Comments,
not yet effective) on July 10, 2021, which requires operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list
abroad to file a cybersecurity review with the Office of Cybersecurity Review. The aforementioned policies and any related implementation
rules to be enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future. While we believe that operations are not affected
by this, as these opinions were recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of the opinions remain unclear in several respects
at this time. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will remain fully compliant with all new regulatory requirements of these opinions
or any future implementation rules on a timely basis, or at all. 

59 

Certain
judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable. 

We
conduct most operations in China and substantially all operations outside of the United States. Most of our assets are located in China,
and substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, all our senior executive officers reside within
China for a significant portion of the time and most are PRC nationals. Substantially all of the assets of these persons are located
outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals
in the United States in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise.
Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the U.S. and of China may render you unable to enforce a judgment
against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability
of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

On
March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which took effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced
three existing laws on foreign investments in China, namely, the PRC Equity Joint Venture Law, the PRC Cooperative Joint Venture Law
and the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law, together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. The Foreign Investment
Law embodies an expected PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international
practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic invested enterprises in
China. The Foreign Investment Law establishes the basic framework for the access to, and the promotion, protection and administration
of foreign investments in view of investment protection and fair competition. 

According
to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign investment refers to investment activities directly or indirectly conducted by one
or more natural persons, business entities, or otherwise organizations of a foreign country (collectively referred to as foreign
investor within China, and the investment activities include the following situations: (i) a foreign investor, individually or
collectively with other investors, establishes a foreign-invested enterprise within China; (ii) a foreign investor acquires stock shares,
equity shares, shares in assets, or other like rights and interests of an enterprise within China; (iii) a foreign investor, individually
or collectively with other investors, invests in a new project within China; and (iv) investments in other means as provided by laws,
administrative regulations, or the State Council. 

According
to the Foreign Investment Law, the State Council will publish or approve to publish the negative list for special administrative
measures concerning foreign investment. The Foreign Investment Law grants national treatment to foreign-invested entities, or FIEs, except
for those FIEs that operate in industries deemed to be either restricted or prohibited in the negative
list . Because the negative list has yet to be published, it is unclear whether it will differ from the current Special
Administrative Measures for Market Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List). The Foreign Investment Law provides that FIEs operating
in foreign restricted or prohibited industries will require market entry clearance and other approvals from relevant PRC governmental
authorities. If a foreign investor is found to invest in any prohibited industry in the negative list , such foreign investor
may be required to, among other aspects, cease its investment activities, dispose of its equity interests or assets within a prescribed
time limit and have its income confiscated. If the investment activity of a foreign investor is in breach of any special administrative
measure for restrictive access provided for in the negative list , the relevant competent department shall order the foreign
investor to make corrections and take necessary measures to meet the requirements of the special administrative measure for restrictive
access. 

The
 variable interest entity structure, or VIE structure, has been adopted by many PRC-based companies, including us, to obtain
necessary licenses and permits in the industries that are currently subject to foreign investment restrictions in China. Under the Foreign
Investment Law, variable interest entities that are controlled via contractual arrangement would also be deemed as FIEs, if they are
ultimately controlled by foreign investors. Therefore, for any companies with a VIE structure in an industry category that
is included in the negative list as restricted industry, the VIE structure may be deemed legitimate only if the ultimate
controlling person(s) is/are of PRC nationality (either PRC companies or PRC citizens). Conversely, if the actual controlling person(s)
is/are of foreign nationalities, then the variable interest entities will be treated as FIEs and any operation in the industry category
on the negative list without market entry clearance may be considered as illegal. 

The
PRC government will establish a foreign investment information reporting system, according to which foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises shall submit investment information to the competent department for commerce concerned through the enterprise registration
system and the enterprise credit information publicity system, and a security review system under which the security review shall be
conducted for foreign investment affecting or likely affecting the state security. 

Furthermore,
the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established according to the existing laws regulating foreign investment
may maintain their structure and corporate governance within five years after the implementing of the Foreign Investment Law. 

60 

In
addition, the Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles for foreign investors and their investments
in the PRC, including, among others, that a foreign investor may freely transfer into or out of China, in Renminbi or a foreign currency,
its contributions, profits, capital gains, income from disposition of assets, royalties of intellectual property rights, indemnity or
compensation lawfully acquired, and income from liquidation, among others, within China; local governments shall abide by their commitments
to the foreign investors; governments at all levels and their departments shall enact local normative documents concerning foreign investment
in compliance with laws and regulations and shall not impair legitimate rights and interests, impose additional obligations onto FIEs,
set market access restrictions and exit conditions, or intervene with the normal production and operation activities of FIEs; except
for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall be made in
a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment of foreign investors is prohibited; and mandatory technology transfer
is prohibited. 

Notwithstanding
the above, the Foreign Investment Law stipulates that foreign investment includes foreign investors invest through any other methods
under laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council . Therefore, there are possibilities that
future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the State Council may regard contractual arrangements as a form of
foreign investment, and then whether our contractual arrangement will be recognized as foreign investment, whether our contractual arrangement
will be deemed to be in violation of the foreign investment access requirements and how the above-mentioned contractual arrangement will
be handled are uncertain. 

The
Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities . We are currently
not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges, however, if the VIE or the holding company were required
to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to
continue listing on U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those
relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these
jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures
and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future,
including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional
or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular
regions thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

61 

For
example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI)
and two days later ordered that the company s app be removed from smartphone app stores. 

Additionally,
on July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council
jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, or the Opinions, which emphasized the need to
strengthen administration over illegal securities activities and supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies. The Opinions
proposed promoting regulatory systems to deal with risks facing China-based overseas-listed companies, and provided that the State Council
will revise provisions regarding the overseas issuance and listing of shares by companies limited by shares and will clarify the duties
of domestic regulatory authorities. However, the Opinions did not provide detailed rules and regulations. As a result, uncertainties
remain regarding the interpretation and implementation of the Opinions. 

As
such, the Company s business segments may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which
they operate. The Company could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal
agencies and government sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws
and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. 

Furthermore,
it is uncertain when and whether the Company will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges
in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although the Company is currently not
required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial
to list on the U.S. exchange, operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations
relating to its business or industry. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

Risk Management 

We recognize the importance of developing, implementing,
and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems and protect our data s confidentiality, integrity,
and availability. We have implemented, including testing software and our computer systems, our facilities, systems and procedures, from
cybersecurity threats. We assess risks arising from cybersecurity threats against our information systems that may result in adverse effects
on our information systems or any information residing therein. We conduct periodic assessments to identify such cybersecurity threats. 

Governance 

Management is responsible for identifying and
assessing material risks for the business on an ongoing basis, including in relation to cybersecurity. Our Chief Executive Officer oversees
our information technology department which monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cyber incidents, if any. 

We
have not encountered cybersecurity risks, threats, or incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect the Company, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition during the financial year ended December 31,
2023. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 2498 Wanfeng Highway, Lane 181, Fengjing Town, Jinshan District, Shanghai, China, and our telephone
number is (86) 21-67355092. The office space belongs to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lirong Wang, who allows us to
use the space for free. 

62 

Property, plant and equipment as of December
31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Building 
 2,732,322 
 2,795,874 
 
 Operating equipment 
 2,670,949 
 2,740,527 
 
 Vehicle 
 80,169 
 82,034 
 
 Office equipment 
 20,410 
 78,714 
 
 Construction in progress 
 2,989,470 
 2,876,250 

8,493,320 
 8,573,399 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 (3,208,603 
 (2,951,802 

5,284,717 
 5,621,597 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

There
are no actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory
organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting our company that are outside the ordinary course of business or in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect. 

However,
from time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise. 

PRC
Regulations 

The
operation in China is subject to a number of PRC laws and regulations. This section summarizes all material PRC laws and regulations
relevant to the VIE and its subsidiaries business and operations in China and the key provisions of such regulations. 

Fertilizer
License 

The
examination and approval of fertilizer license is based on Article 25 of the Agricultural Law of the People s Republic of China,
the Management for the Administration of Fertilizer Registration (Order No. 32 and No. 38 by the Ministry of Agriculture), and the Requirements
for Fertilizer Registration Materials (Publication No. 161 from the Ministry of Agriculture). Organic fertilizers are required to be
registered with provincial agricultural department. 

There
are four examination and approval requirements for obtaining a fertilizer license (1) A valid business license issued by Administration
for Industry and Commerce, whose business scope shall cover the industry of fertilizer; (2) Products must comply with the relevant requirements
of laws, regulations and relevant national policies (such as safety and environmental protection); (3) The product quality must comply
with national standards, industry standards, local standards or enterprise standards approved by the quality supervision department;
and (4) The application materials must be true, legal, complete and effective. 

All
of the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer products currently have valid five-year fertilizer licenses that are renewable upon the expiration date in the year
of 2022 and 2025. 

63 

Regulations
on Intellectual Property Rights 

Regulations
on Copyright 

The
 Copyright Law of the PRC , or the Copyright Law , which took effect on June 1, 1991 and was amended in 2001, 2010 and 2020
(the current effective revision became effective on April 1, 2010 while the latest revision has not yet come into effect until June 1,
2021), provides that Chinese citizens, legal persons, or other organizations shall, whether published or not, own copyright in their
copyrightable works, which include, among others, works of literature, art, natural science, social science, engineering technology and
computer software. Copyright owners enjoy certain legal rights, including right of publication, right of authorship and right of reproduction.
The Copyright Law as revised in 2001 extends copyright protection to Internet activities and products disseminated over the Internet.
In addition, PRC laws and regulations provide for a voluntary registration system administered by the Copyright Protection Center of
China, or the CPCC. According to the Copyright Law , an infringer of the copyrights shall be subject to various civil liabilities,
which include ceasing infringement activities, apologizing to the copyright owners and compensating the loss of copyright owner. Infringers
of copyright may also subject to fines and/or administrative or criminal liabilities in severe situations. 

The
 Computer Software Copyright Registration Measures , or the Software Copyright Measures , promulgated by the National Copyright
Administration, or the NCA on April 6, 1992 and latest amended on February 20, 2002, regulates registrations of software copyright, exclusive
licensing contracts for software copyright and assignment agreements. The NCA administers software copyright registration and the CPCC,
is designated as the software registration authority. The CPCC shall grant registration certificates to the Computer Software Copyrights
applicants which meet the requirements of both the Software Copyright Measures and the Computer Software Protection Regulations
 (Revised in 2013). 

The
 Provisions of the Supreme People s Court on Certain Issues Related to the Application of Law in the Trial of Civil Cases Involving
Disputes on Infringement of the Information Network Dissemination Rights specifies that disseminating works, performances or audio-video
products by the internet users or the internet service providers via the internet without the permission of the copyright owners shall
be deemed to have infringed the right of dissemination of the copyright owner. 

The
 Measures for Administrative Protection of Copyright Related to Internet , which was jointly promulgated by the NCA and the MII
on April 29, 2005 and became effective on May 30, 2005, provides that upon receipt of an infringement notice from a legitimate copyright
holder, an ICP operator must take remedial actions immediately by removing or disabling access to the infringing content. If an ICP operator
knowingly transmits infringing content or fails to take remedial actions after receipt of a notice of infringement that harms public
interest, the ICP operator could be subject to administrative penalties, including an order to cease infringing activities, confiscation
by the authorities of all income derived from the infringement activities, or payment of fines. 

On
May 18, 2006, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Right to Network Dissemination of Information
 (as amended in 2013). Under these regulations, an owner of the network dissemination rights with respect to written works, performance
or audio or video recordings who believes that information storage, search or link services provided by an Internet service provider
infringe his or her rights may require that the Internet service provider delete, or disconnect the links to, such works or recordings. 

64 

Patent
Law 

According
to the Patent Law of the PRC (Revised in 2008), the State Intellectual Property Office is responsible for administering patent
law in the PRC. The patent administration departments of provincial, autonomous region or municipal governments are responsible for administering
patent law within their respective jurisdictions. The Chinese patent system adopts a first-to-file principle, which means that when more
than one person file different patent applications for the same invention, only the person who files the application first is entitled
to obtain a patent of the invention. To be patentable, an invention or a utility model must meet three criteria: novelty, inventiveness
and practicability. A patent is valid for twenty years in the case of an invention and ten years in the case of utility models and designs. 

Trademark
Law 

Trademarks
are protected by the Trademark Law of the PRC which was adopted in 1982 and subsequently amended in 1993, 2001, 2013 and 2019
respectively as well as by the Implementation Regulations of the PRC Trademark Law adopted by the State Council in 2002 and as
most recently amended on April 29, 2014. The Trademark Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation of the PRC handles trademark
registrations. The Trademark Office grants a ten-year term to registered trademarks and the term may be renewed for another ten-year
period upon request by the trademark owner. A trademark registrant may license its registered trademarks to another party by entering
into trademark license agreements, which must be filed with the Trademark Office for its record. As with patents, the Trademark Law has
adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark registration. If a trademark applied for is identical or similar to another
trademark which has already been registered or subject to a preliminary examination and approval for use on the same or similar kinds
of products or services, such trademark application may be rejected. Any person applying for the registration of a trademark may not
injure existing trademark rights first obtained by others, nor may any person register in advance a trademark that has already been used
by another party and has already gained a sufficient degree of reputation through such party s use. 

Regulations
on Domain Names 

The
MIIT promulgated the Measures on Administration of Internet Domain Names , or the Domain Name Measures on August 24, 2017,
which took effect on November 1, 2017 and replaced the Administrative Measures on China Internet Domain Names promulgated by MII
on November 5, 2004. According to the Domain Name Measures , the MIIT is in charge of the administration of PRC internet domain
names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-file principle. Applicants for registration of domain names shall provide the
true, accurate and complete information of their identities to domain name registration service institutions. The applicants will become
the holder of such domain names upon the completion of the registration procedure. 

Corporate
Laws and Industry Catalogue Relating to Foreign Investment 

The
establishment, operation and management of companies in China are mainly governed by the PRC Company Law, as most recently amended in
2018, which applies to both PRC domestic companies and foreign-invested companies. On March 15, 2019, the National People s Congress
approved the Foreign Investment Law, and on December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementing Rules of the PRC Foreign
Investment Law, or the Implementing Rules, to further clarify and elaborate the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law. The
Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules both took effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced three major previous laws on foreign
investments in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Law and the Wholly
Foreign-owned Enterprise Law, together with their respective implementing rules. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment Law, foreign
investments refer to investment activities conducted by foreign investors (including foreign natural persons, foreign enterprises
or other foreign organizations) directly or indirectly in the PRC, which include any of the following circumstances: (i) foreign investors
setting up foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC solely or jointly with other investors, (ii) foreign investors obtaining shares, equity
interests, property portions or other similar rights and interests of enterprises within the PRC, (iii) foreign investors investing in
new projects in the PRC solely or jointly with other investors, and (iv) investment in other methods as specified in laws, administrative
regulations, or as stipulated by the State Council. The Implementing Rules introduce a see-through principle and further provide that
foreign-invested enterprises that invest in the PRC shall also be governed by the Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules. 

65 

The
Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules provide that a system of pre-entry national treatment and negative list shall be applied
for the administration of foreign investment, where pre-entry national treatment means that the treatment given to foreign
investors and their investments at market access stage is no less favorable than that given to domestic investors and their investments,
and negative list means the special administrative measures for foreign investment s access to specific fields or
industries, which will be proposed by the competent investment department of the State Council in conjunction with the competent commerce
department of the State Council and other relevant departments, and be reported to the State Council for promulgation, or be promulgated
by the competent investment department or competent commerce department of the State Council after being reported to the State Council
for approval. Foreign investment beyond the negative list will be granted national treatment. Foreign investors shall not invest in the
prohibited fields as specified in the negative list, and foreign investors who invest in the restricted fields shall comply with the
special requirements on the shareholding, senior management personnel, etc. In the meantime, relevant competent government departments
will formulate a catalogue of industries for which foreign investments are encouraged according to the needs for national economic and
social development, to list the specific industries, fields and regions in which foreign investors are encouraged and guided to invest.
The current industry entry clearance requirements governing investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are set out in two
categories, namely the Special Entry Management Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2020 version), or the
2020 Negative List, promulgated by the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce, or the MOFCOM, on June
24, 2020 and took effect on July 23, 2020, and the Encouraged Industry Catalogue for Foreign Investment (2020 version), or the 2020 Encouraged
Industry Catalogue, promulgated by the MOFCOM on December 27, 2020 and took effect on January 27, 2021. Industries not listed in these
two categories are generally deemed permitted for foreign investment unless specifically restricted by other PRC laws.
The flat panel display industry is not on the Negative List and therefore we are not subject to any restriction or limitation on foreign
ownership. 

According
to the Implementing Rules, the registration of foreign-invested enterprises shall be handled by the SAMR or its authorized local counterparts.
Where a foreign investor invests in an industry or field subject to licensing in accordance with laws, the relevant competent government
department responsible for granting such license shall review the license application of the foreign investor in accordance with the
same conditions and procedures applicable to PRC domestic investors unless it is stipulated otherwise by the laws and administrative
regulations, and the competent government department shall not impose discriminatory requirements on the foreign investor in terms of
licensing conditions, application materials, reviewing steps and deadlines, etc. However, the relevant competent government departments
shall not grant the license or permit enterprise registration if the foreign investor intends to invest in the industries or fields as
specified in the negative list without satisfying the relevant requirements. In the event that a foreign investor invests in a prohibited
field or industry as specified in the negative list, the relevant competent government department shall order the foreign investor to
stop the investment activities, dispose of the shares or assets or take other necessary measures within a specified time limit, and restore
to the status prior to the occurrence of the aforesaid investment, and the illegal gains, if any, shall be confiscated. If the investment
activities of a foreign investor violate the special administration measures for access restrictions on foreign investments as stipulated
in the negative list, the relevant competent government department shall order the investor to make corrections within the specified
time limit and take necessary measures to meet the relevant requirements. If the foreign investor fails to make corrections within the
specified time limit, the aforesaid provisions regarding the circumstance that a foreign investor invests in the prohibited field or
industry shall apply. 

Pursuant
to the Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules, and the Information Reporting Measures for Foreign Investment jointly promulgated
by the MOFCOM and the SAMR, which took effect on January 1, 2020, a foreign investment information reporting system shall be established
and foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall report investment information to competent commerce departments of the government
through the enterprise registration system and the enterprise credit information publicity system, and the administration for market
regulation shall forward the above investment information to the competent commerce departments in a timely manner. In addition, the
MOFCOM shall set up a foreign investment information reporting system to receive and handle the investment information and inter-departmentally
shared information forwarded by the administration for market regulation in a timely manner. The foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises shall report the investment information by submitting reports including initial reports, change reports, deregistration reports
and annual reports. 

66 

Furthermore,
the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign-invested enterprises established according to the previous laws regulating foreign investment
prior to the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law may maintain their structure and corporate governance within five years after
the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law. The Implementing Rules further clarify that such foreign-invested enterprises established
prior to the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law may either adjust their organizational forms or organizational structures pursuant
to the Company Law or the Partnership Law, or maintain their current structure and corporate governance within five years upon the implementation
of the Foreign Investment Law. Since January 1, 2025, if a foreign-invested enterprise fails to adjust its organizational form or organizational
structure in accordance with the laws and go through the applicable registrations for changes, the relevant administration for market
regulation shall not handle other registrations for such foreign-invested enterprise and shall publicize the relevant circumstances.
However, after the organizational forms or organizational structures of a foreign-invested enterprise have been adjusted, the original
parties to the Sino-foreign equity or cooperative joint ventures may continue to process such matters as the equity interest transfer,
the distribution of income or surplus assets as agreed by the parties in the relevant contracts. 

In
addition, the Foreign Investment Law and the Implementing Rules also specify other protective rules and principles for foreign investors
and their investments in the PRC, including, among others, that local governments shall abide by their commitments to the foreign investors;
except for special circumstances, in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall be
made in a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment of foreign investors is prohibited; mandatory technology transfer
is prohibited, etc. 

Shanghai
Mufeng, our wholly foreign owned subsidiary, as a foreign invested entity, and Muliang HK, as a foreign investor, are required to comply
with the information reporting requirements under the Foreign Investment Law the Implementing Rules and the Information Reporting Measures
for Foreign Investment and are in full compliance. 

Regulations
Relating to Taxation 

PRC 

In
January 2008, the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (The EIT Law) took effect. The EIT applies a uniform 25 enterprise income
tax rate to both foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises, unless where tax incentives are granted to special industries
and projects. Under the EIT Law and its implementation regulations, dividends generated from the business of a PRC subsidiary after January
1, 2008 and payable to its foreign investor may be subject to a withholding tax rate of 10 if the PRC tax authorities determine that
the foreign investor is a non-resident enterprise, unless there is a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential withholding
tax rate. Distributions of earnings generated before January 1, 2008 are exempt from PRC withholding tax. 

Under
the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside China with de facto management bodies within China is considered a resident
enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally subject to a uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its
worldwide income. A circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation in April 2009 regarding the standards used to classify certain
Chinese-invested enterprises controlled by Chinese enterprises or Chinese enterprise groups and established outside of China as resident
enterprises clarified that dividends and other income paid by such PRC resident enterprises will be considered PRC-source
income and subject to PRC withholding tax, currently at a rate of 10 , when paid to non-PRC enterprise shareholders. This circular also
subjects such PRC resident enterprises to various reporting requirements with the PRC tax authorities. 

67 

Under
the implementation regulations to the EIT Law, a de facto management body is defined as a body that has material and overall
management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel and human resources, finances and properties of an enterprise.
In addition, the tax circular mentioned above specifies that certain PRC-invested overseas enterprises controlled by a Chinese enterprise
or a Chinese enterprise group in the PRC will be classified as PRC resident enterprises if the following are located or residence in
the PRC: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; financial and
personnel decision making bodies; key properties, accounting books, the company seal and minutes of board meetings and shareholders 
meetings; and half or more of the senior management or directors having voting rights. 

In November 2011, the MOF and the State Administration
of Taxation promulgated the Pilot Plan for Imposition of Value-Added Tax to Replace Business Tax. In May and December 2013 and April 2014,
the MOF and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated Circular 37, Circular 106 and Circular 43 to further expand the scope of
services which are to be subject to Value-Added Tax, or VAT, instead of business tax. Pursuant to these tax rules, from August 1, 2013,
VAT will be imposed to replace the business tax in certain service industries, including technology services and advertising services,
on a nationwide basis. The VAT rate shall be 17 for sale or importation of goods by a taxpayer. But, unlike business tax, a taxpayer
is allowed to offset the qualified input VAT paid on taxable purchases against the output VAT chargeable on the revenue from services
provided. 

Singapore 

Individual
Income Tax 

An
individual is a tax resident in Singapore in a year of assessment if, in the preceding year, he was physically present in Singapore or
exercised an employment in Singapore (other than as a director of a company) for 183 days or more, or if he resides in Singapore. 

Individual
taxpayers who are Singapore tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing in or derived from Singapore. All foreign-sourced
income received in Singapore on or after January 1, 2004 by a Singapore tax resident individual (except for income received through a
partnership in Singapore) is exempt from Singapore income tax if the Comptroller of Income Tax in Singapore Comptroller is satisfied that the tax exemption would be beneficial to the individual. A Singapore tax resident individual is taxed at progressive
rates ranging from 0 to 22 . 

Non-resident
individuals, subject to certain exceptions and conditions, are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing in or derived from
Singapore at the rate of 22 . 

Corporate
Income Tax 

A
corporate taxpayer is regarded as resident in Singapore for Singapore tax purposes if the control and management of its business is exercised
in Singapore. 

Corporate
taxpayers who are Singapore tax residents are subject to Singapore income tax on income accruing in or derived from Singapore and, subject
to certain exceptions, on foreign-sourced income received or deemed to be received in Singapore. Foreign-sourced income in the form of
dividends, branch profits and service income received or deemed to be received in Singapore by Singapore tax resident companies on or
after June 1, 2003 are exempt from tax if certain prescribed conditions are met, including the following: 

(i) such
income is subject to tax of a similar character to income tax under the law of the jurisdiction from which such income is received; and 

(ii) at
the time the income is received in Singapore, the highest rate of tax of a similar character to income tax (by whatever name called)
levied under the law of the territory from which the income is received on any gains or profits from any trade or business carried on
by any company in that territory at that time is not less than 15 . 

Certain
concessions and clarifications have also been announced by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore IRAS with respect
to such conditions. 

A
non-resident corporate taxpayer is subject to income tax on income that is accrued in or derived from Singapore, and on foreign-sourced
income received or deemed received in Singapore, subject to certain exceptions. 

The
corporate tax rate in Singapore is currently 17 . In addition, three-quarters of up to the first S 10,000 of a company s annual
normal chargeable income, and one-half of up to the next S 190,000, is exempt from corporate tax from the year of assessment YA 2020 onwards. The remaining chargeable income (after the tax exemption) will be fully taxable at the prevailing corporate tax rate. 

68 

New
companies will also, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, be eligible for tax exemption on three-quarters of up to the first
S 100,000 of a company s annual normal chargeable income, and one-half of up to the next S 100,000, a year for each of the company s
first three YAs from YA 2020 onwards. The remaining chargeable income (after the tax exemption) will be taxed at the applicable corporate
tax rate. 

Regulations
Relating to Foreign Exchange 

Pursuant
to the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign Exchange issued by the State Council and effective in 1996, as amended in January
1997 and August 2008, current account transactions, such as sale or purchase of goods, are not subject to PRC governmental control or
restrictions. Certain organizations in the PRC, including foreign-invested enterprises, may purchase, sell, and/or remit foreign currencies
at certain banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business upon providing valid commercial documents. Approval of the PRC State
Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), however, is required for capital account transactions. 

In
August 2008, SAFE issued a circular on the conversion of foreign currency into Renminbi by a foreign-invested company that regulates
how the converted Renminbi may be used. The circular requires that the registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise converted
into Renminbi from foreign currencies may only be utilized for purposes within its business scope. For example, such converted amounts
may not be used for investments in or acquisitions of other PRC companies, unless specifically provided otherwise, which can inhibit
the ability of companies to consummate such transactions. In addition, SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use of the Renminbi
registered capital of foreign-invested enterprises converted from foreign currencies. The use of such Renminbi capital may not be changed
without SAFE s approval, and may not in any case be used to repay Renminbi loans if the proceeds of such loans have not been utilized.
Violations may result in severe penalties, such as heavy fines. 

Regulations
Relating to Labor 

Pursuant
to the PRC Labor Law effective in 1995 and the PRC Labor Contract Law effective in 2008, a written labor contract is required when an
employment relationship is established between an employer and an employee. Other labor-related regulations and rules of the PRC stipulate
the maximum number of working hours per day and per week as well as the minimum wages. An employer is required to set up occupational
safety and sanitation systems, implement the national occupational safety and sanitation rules and standards, educate employees on occupational
safety and sanitation, prevent accidents at work and reduce occupational hazards. 

In
the PRC, workers dispatched by an employment agency are normally engaged in temporary, auxiliary or substitute work. Pursuant to the
PRC Labor Contract Law, an employment agency is the employer for workers dispatched by it, and it must perform an employer s obligations
toward them. The employment contract between the employment agency and the dispatched workers, and the placement agreement between the
employment agency and the company that receives the dispatched workers must be in writing. Also, the company that accepts the dispatched
workers must bear joint and several liabilities for any violation of the Labor Contract Law by the employment agencies arising from their
contracts with dispatched workers. An employer is obligated to sign an indefinite term labor contract with an employee if the employer
continues to employ the employee after two consecutive fixed-term labor contracts. The employer also has to pay compensation to the employee
if the employer terminates an indefinite term labor contract. Except where the employer proposes to renew a labor contract by maintaining
or raising the conditions of the labor contract and the employee is not agreeable to the renewal, an employer is required to compensate
the employee when a definite term labor contract expires. Furthermore, under the Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees issued
by the State Council in December 2007 and effective as of January 2008, employees who have served an employer for more than one (1) year
and less than ten years are entitled to a 5-day paid vacation, those whose service period ranges from 10 to 20 years are entitled to
a 10-day paid vacation, and those who have served for more than 20 years are entitled to a 15-day paid vacation. An employee who does
not use such vacation time at the request of the employer shall be compensated at three times their normal salaries for each waived vacation
day. 

69 

Pursuant
to the Regulations on Occupational Injury Insurance effective in 2004 and the Interim Measures concerning the Maternity Insurance for
Enterprise Employees effective in 1995, PRC companies must pay occupational injury insurance premiums and maternity insurance premiums
for their employees. Pursuant to the Interim Regulations on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premiums effective in 1999
and the Interim Measures concerning the Administration of the Registration of Social Insurance effective in 1999, basic pension insurance,
medical insurance, and unemployment insurance are collectively referred to as social insurance. Both PRC companies and their employees
are required to contribute to the social insurance plans. Pursuant to the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Fund effective
in 1999, as amended in 2002, PRC companies must register with applicable housing fund management centers and establish a special housing
fund account in an entrusted bank. Both PRC companies and their employees are required to contribute to the housing funds. 

Regulations
on Dividend Distribution 

Wholly
foreign-owned companies in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits after tax as determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards. Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of China is subject to examination by the
banks designated by SAFE. Wholly foreign-owned companies may not pay dividends unless they set aside at least 10 of their respective
accumulated profits after tax each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds, until such time as the accumulative amount of such fund
reaches 50 of the wholly foreign-owned company s registered capital. In addition, these companies also may allocate a portion
of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds at their discretion. These reserve funds
and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 

Safe
Regulations on Offshore Special Purpose Companies Held by PRC Residents or Citizens 

Pursuant
to the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents to Engage in Financing and Inbound Investment
via Overseas Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular No. 75, issued in October 2005 by SAFE and its supplemental notices, PRC citizens
or residents are required to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore
entity established for the purpose of overseas equity financing involving a roundtrip investment whereby the offshore entity acquires
or controls onshore assets or equity interests held by the PRC citizens or residents. In addition, such PRC citizens or residents must
update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to increases or decreases
in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, mergers or divisions, long-term equity or debt investments, external guarantees
or other material events that do not involve roundtrip investments. Subsequent regulations further clarified that PRC subsidiaries of
an offshore company governed by the SAFE regulations are required to coordinate and supervise the filing of SAFE registrations in a timely
manner by the offshore holding company s shareholders who are PRC citizens or residents. If these shareholders fail to comply,
the PRC subsidiaries are required to report to the local SAFE branches. If the shareholders of the offshore holding company who are PRC
citizens or residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing
their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the offshore company, and the offshore company
may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with the SAFE
registration and amendment requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of applicable foreign exchange
restrictions. 

70 

SAFE
Regulations on Employee Share Options 

On
March 28, 2007, SAFE promulgated the Application Procedure of Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Employee Share Holding Plan or Share Option Plan of Overseas Listed Company, or the Share Option Rule. Pursuant to the Share Option
Rule, Chinese citizens who are granted share options by an overseas publicly listed company are required to register with SAFE through
a Chinese agent or Chinese subsidiary of the overseas publicly listed company and complete certain other procedures. Our PRC employees
who have been granted share options will be subject to these regulations. Failure of our PRC share option holders to complete their SAFE
registrations may subject these PRC employees to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital
into our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends to us. 

Cybersecurity 

The
PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits
institutions, companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained
in performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the
Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security
Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant
to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only
collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance
for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under
the relevant laws and regulations. 

The
Civil Code of the PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides
legal basis for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace
Administration of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Public Security, have been increasingly
focused on regulation in data security and data protection. 

PRC
regulatory requirements regarding cybersecurity are evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace
Administration of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the State Administration for Market Regulation, have enforced data privacy
and protection laws and regulations with varying and evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated
Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical
information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national
security. 

In
July 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China and other related authorities released the draft amendment to the Cybersecurity Review
Measures for public comments through July 25, 2021. The draft amendment proposes the following key changes: 

companies
 who are engaged in data processing are also subject to the regulatory scope; 

the
 China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, is included as one of the regulatory authorities for purposes of jointly establishing
 the state cybersecurity review working mechanism; 

the
 operators (including both operators of critical information infrastructure and relevant parties who are engaged in data processing)
 holding more than one million users/users (which to be further specified) individual information and seeking a listing outside
 China shall file for cybersecurity review with the Cybersecurity Review Office; and 

the
 risks of core data, material data or large amounts of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, damaged, illegally used
 or transmitted to overseas parties and the risks of critical information infrastructure, core data, material data or large amounts
 of personal information being influenced, controlled or used maliciously shall be collectively taken into consideration during the
 cybersecurity review process. 

71 

If
the draft amendment is adopted into law in the future, we may become subject to enhanced cybersecurity review. In addition, certain internet
platforms in China have been reportedly subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny in relation to cybersecurity matters. As of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that we file for a
cybersecurity review. However, we are deemed to be a critical information infrastructure operator or a company that is engaged in data
processing and holds personal information of more than one million users, we could be subject to PRC cybersecurity review. 

As
there remains significant uncertainty in the interpretation and enforcement of relevant PRC cybersecurity laws and regulations, we could
be subject to cybersecurity review, and if so, we may not be able to pass such review. In addition, we could become subject to enhanced
cybersecurity review or investigations launched by PRC regulators in the future. Any failure or delay in the completion of the cybersecurity
review procedures or any other non-compliance with the related laws and regulations may result in fines or other penalties, including
suspension of business, website closure, and revocation of prerequisite licenses, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings
or actions, which may have a material adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business, financial condition or results of operations. 

On
June 10, 2021, the SCNPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which became effective in September 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes
data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities. It introduces a data classification and
hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development. The degree of harm it will cause to
national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with,
destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC Data Security Law also provides a national security review procedure for data
activities that may affect national security and impose export restrictions on certain data and information. On August 20, 2021, the
SCNPC adopted the Personal Information Property Law, which shall come into force as of November 1, 2021. The Personal Information Protection
Law includes the basic rules for personal information processing, the rules for cross-border provision of personal information, the rights
of individuals in personal information processing activities, the obligations of personal information processors, and the legal responsibilities
for illegal collection, processing, and use of personal information. 

As
uncertainties remain regarding the interpretation and implementation of these laws and regulations, we cannot assure you that we can
comply with such regulations in all respects and we may be ordered to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory
authorities. We may also become subject to fines and/or other sanctions which may have material adverse effect on the VIE and its subsidiaries business, operations
and financial condition. 

While we take various measures to comply with all applicable data privacy
and protection laws and regulations, the VIE and its subsidiaries current security measures and those of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
third-party service providers may not always be adequate for the protection of the VIE and its subsidiaries company, employee or
third party data. We may be a target for computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists in the future. 

Unauthorized access to v proprietary internal and third party data
may be obtained through break-ins, sabotage, breach of the VIE and its subsidiaries secure network by an unauthorized party, computer
viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the security of the networks of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
third party service providers, or other misconduct. Because the techniques used by computer programmers who may attempt to penetrate and
sabotage the VIE and its subsidiaries proprietary internal and third party data change frequently and may not be recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. 

Unauthorized access to the VIE and its subsidiaries proprietary
internal and third party data may also be obtained through inadequate use of security controls. Any of such incidents may harm the VIE
and its subsidiaries reputation and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business and results of operations. In
addition, we may be subject to negative publicity about the VIE and its subsidiaries security and privacy policies, systems, or
measurements. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches, cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to the VIE and its subsidiaries 
systems or disclosure of third party data, including their personal information, could result in loss or misuse of such data, interruptions
to the VIE and its subsidiaries service system, loss of confidence and trust in the VIE and its subsidiaries company, impairment
of the VIE and its subsidiaries technology infrastructure, and harm the VIE and its subsidiaries reputation and business,
resulting in significant legal and financial exposure and potential lawsuits. 

72 

Permission
Required from PRC Authorities 

We
and our PRC subsidiaries currently have received all material permissions and approvals required for the operations in compliance with
the relevant PRC laws and regulations in the PRC. The business license is the only permission that is required for the operations. The
business license is a permit issued by Market Supervision and Administration that allows the company to conduct specific business within
the government s geographical jurisdiction. Each of our PRC subsidiaries has received its business license. 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Muliang Viagoo,
WFOE, the VIE and its subsidiaries are not required to obtain any other permissions or approvals from any Chinese authorities to operate
its business. However, applicable laws and regulations may be tightened, and new laws or regulations may be introduced to impose additional
government approval, license and permit requirements. If we or our subsidiaries fail to obtain and maintain such approvals, licenses,
or permits required for the VIE and its subsidiaries business, inadvertently conclude that such approval is not required, or respond
to changes in the regulatory environment, we or our subsidiaries could be subject to liabilities, penalties and operational disruption,
which may materially and adversely affect the VIE and its subsidiaries business, operating results, financial condition and the
value of our ordinary shares, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors,
or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the CSRC
promulgated the M A Rules, which took effect on September 8, 2006 and were amended on June 22, 2009. The M A Rules, among other
things, require offshore special purpose vehicles formed for overseas listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies
and controlled by PRC domestic enterprises or individuals to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such
special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. In September 2006, the CSRC published on its official website
procedures regarding its approval of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. The CSRC approval procedures require the filing of
a number of documents with the CSRC. Although (i) the CSRC currently has not issued any definitive rule or interpretation concerning whether
offerings like ours are subject to the M A Rules; and (ii) when we set up our offshore holding structure, Muliang Viagoo was a then-existing
foreign-invested entity and not a PRC domestic company as defined under the M A Rules; the interpretation and application of the regulations
are subject to change, and our future offerings may ultimately require approval from the CSRC. If CSRC approval is required, it is uncertain
whether it would be possible for us to obtain the approval and any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining CSRC approval for any future
offerings would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. 

The M A Rules, and other regulations and
rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities
by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. For example, the M A Rules require that MOFCOM shall be notified in advance
of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry
is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that impact or may impact national economic security, or (iii) such transaction
will lead to a change in control of a domestic enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand. 

In addition, according to the Notice on Establishing
the Security Review System for Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors issued by the General Office of the
State Council on February 3, 2011 and which took effect 30 days thereafter, the Rules on Implementation of Security Review System for
the Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors issued by the MOFCOM on August 25, 2011 and which took effect
on September 1, 2011, mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and
mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise national
security concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the regulations prohibit any activities attempting to bypass
such security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. 

73 

On July 6, 2021, the relevant PRC government
authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal Securities Activities in accordance with the Law, which emphasized the
need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies
and proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and
incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Measures along with its five supporting guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. According to the Trial Measures, among
other requirements, (1) domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, should fulfil
the filing procedures with the CSRC; if a domestic company fails to complete the filing procedure, such domestic company may be subject
to administrative penalties; (2) if the issuer meets both of the following conditions, the overseas offering and listing shall be determined
as an indirect overseas offering and listing by a domestic company: (i) any of the total assets, net assets, revenues or profits of the
domestic operating subsidiaries of the issuer in the most recent accounting year accounts for more than 50 of the corresponding figure
in the issuer s audited combined financial statements for the same period; (ii) its major operational activities are carried out
in China or its main places of business are located in China, or the senior managers in charge of operation and management of the issuer
are mostly Chinese citizens or are domiciled in China; and (3) where a domestic company seeks to indirectly offer and list securities
in an overseas market, the issuer shall designate a major domestic operating entity responsible for all filing procedures with the CSRC,
and such filings shall be submitted to the CSRC within three business days after the submission of the overseas offering and listing application. 

On the same day, the CSRC also held a press conference
for the release of the Trial Measures and issued the Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies, which clarifies that (1) on or prior to the effective date of the Trial Measures, domestic companies that have already submitted
valid applications for overseas offering and listing but have not obtained approval from overseas regulatory authorities or stock exchanges
may reasonably arrange the timing for submitting their filing applications with the CSRC, and must complete the filing before the completion
of their overseas offering and listing; and (2) a six-month transition period will be granted to domestic companies which, prior to the
effective date of the Trial Measures, have already obtained the approval from overseas regulatory authorities or stock exchanges, but
have not completed the indirect overseas listing; if domestic companies fail to complete the overseas listing within such six-month transition
period, they shall file with the CSRC according to the requirements. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, MOF, National Administration of State
Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration of China promulgated the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives
Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Archives Rules, which took effect on March 31,
2023. Pursuant to the Archives Rules, domestic companies that seek for overseas offering and listing shall strictly abide by applicable
laws and regulations of the PRC and the Archives Rules, enhance legal awareness of keeping state secrets and strengthening archives administration,
institute a sound confidentiality and archives administration system, and take necessary measures to fulfill confidentiality and archives
administration obligations. Such domestic companies shall not leak any state secret and working secret of government agencies, or harm
national security and public interest. Furthermore, a domestic company that plans to, either directly or through its overseas listed entity,
publicly disclose or provide to relevant individuals or entities including securities companies, securities service providers and overseas
regulators, any document and materials that contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall first obtain approval
from competent authorities according to law, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level. Moreover, a domestic
company that plans to, either directly or through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant individuals and
entities including securities companies, securities service providers and overseas regulators, any other documents and materials that,
if leaked, will be detrimental to national security or public interest, shall strictly fulfill relevant procedures stipulated by applicable
national regulations. The Archives Rules also stipulate that a domestic company that provides accounting archives or copies of accounting
archives to any entities including securities companies, securities service providers and overseas regulators and individuals shall fulfill
due procedures in compliance with applicable national regulations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

74 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol
 MULG, however, there is no active public trading market for our common stock. We had 19,251,657 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid prices of our common stock. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 

First Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 14.00 
 10.00 
 
 Third Quarter 
 10.00 
 10.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 10.00 
 2.55 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Third Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Second Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Third Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 14.00 
 14.00 

Holders
of Capital Stock 

As of December 31, 2023, we had 1,033 holders of our common stock and
1 holder of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Stock
Option Grants 

We
do not have a stock option plan in place and have not granted any stock options at this time. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our
business, our Board of Directors has the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems
relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as set forth below and those previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K, there were no
equity securities of the registrant sold by the registrant during the period covered by this annual report that were not registered under
the Securities Act. 

75 

On
February 16, 2021, we sold to a non-U.S. investor a 14,960 convertible note that may be converted into 2,671 shares of our common stock
at a price of 5.60 per share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 1,336 warrants that can be exercised
for three years to our common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. The transaction was not registered under the Securities Act in
reliance on an exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S promulgated hereunder as a transaction by the Company not involving
any public offering. The securities were sold in an offshore transaction by a foreign issuer, to foreign investors, not using any directed
selling efforts in the United States. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States in the absence of an effective
registration statement or exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

On
May 20, 2021, we sold to a non-U.S. investor a 231,839 (or RMB 1,5000,000) convertible note that may be converted into 34,094 shares
of our common stock at a price of 6.80 per share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 17,047 warrants
that can be exercised for three years to our common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. The transaction was not registered under
the Securities Act in reliance on an exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S promulgated hereunder as a transaction by
the Company not involving any public offering. The securities were sold in an offshore transaction by a foreign issuer, to foreign investors,
not using any directed selling efforts in the United States. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States in the
absence of an effective registration statement or exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

On
June 24, 2021, we sold to a non-U.S. investor a 204,000 (or SGD 271,320) convertible note that may be converted into 30,000 shares of
our common stock at a price of 6.80 per share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 15,000 warrants that
can be exercised for three years to our common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. The transaction was not registered under the Securities
Act in reliance on an exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S promulgated hereunder as a transaction by the Company not
involving any public offering. The securities were sold in an offshore transaction by a foreign issuer, to foreign investors, not using
any directed selling efforts in the United States. These securities may not be offered or sold in the United States in the absence of
an effective registration statement or exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The
information set forth in this section contains certain forward-looking statements , including, among others (i) expected
changes in our revenue and profitability, (ii) prospective business opportunities and (iii) our strategy for financing our business.
Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition. Some forward-looking
statements may be identified by use of terms such as believes , anticipates , intends or expects .
These forward-looking statements relate to our plans, liquidity, ability to complete financing and purchase capital expenditures, growth
of our business including entering into future agreements with companies, and plans to successfully develop and obtain approval to market
our product. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and
financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. 

Although
we believe that our expectations with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds
of our knowledge of our business and operations, in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, the inclusion
of forward-looking statements in this Annual Report should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives
or plans will be achieved. 

We
assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting
forward-looking statements. 

Our
revenues and results of operations could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous
factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the risk of significant natural disaster, the inability of the our company to
insure against certain risks, inflationary and deflationary conditions and cycles, currency exchange rates, and changing government regulations
domestically and internationally affecting our products and businesses. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes attached hereto, and the other
financial data appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

US
Dollars are denoted herein by USD , and dollars . 

76 

Overview 

We primarily engage in the manufacturing and distribution
of organic fertilizer and the sales of agricultural products in the PRC. The VIE and its subsidiaries organic fertilizer products
are sold under the VIE and its subsidiaries brand names Zongbao, Fukang, and Muliang. 

Through patented technology, the operation processes crop straw (including
corn, rice, wheat, cotton, and other crops) into high quality organic nutritious fertilizers that are easily absorbed by crops in three
hours. Straws are common agricultural by-products. In PRC, farmers usually remove the straw stubble that remains after grains, by burning
them in order to continue farming on the same land. These activities have resulted in significant air pollution, and they damage the surface
structure of the soil with loss of nutrients. We turn waste into treasure by transforming the straws into organic fertilizer, which also
effectively reduces air pollution. The organic straw fertilizer we produce does not contain the heavy metals, antibiotics and harmful
bacteria that are common in the traditional manure fertilizer. The VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizers also provide optimum levels
of primary plant nutrients, including multi-minerals, proteins, and carbohydrates that promote the healthiest soils capable of growing
healthy crops and vegetables. It can effectively reduce the use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides as well as reduce the penetration
of large chemical fertilizers and pesticides into the soil, thus avoiding water pollution. Therefore, the VIE and its subsidiaries 
fertilizer can effectively improve the fertility of soil, and the quality and safety of agricultural products. 

We generated the VIE and its subsidiaries revenue mainly from
the VIE and its subsidiaries organic fertilizers, which accounted for approximately 100.0 and 93.2 of the VIE and its subsidiaries 
total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We currently have one integrated factories in Weihai City,
Shandong Province, PRC to produce the VIE and its subsidiaries organic fertilizers, which have been in operations since August
2015. We plan to improve the technology for the VIE and its subsidiaries existing organic straw fertilizer production lines in
the following aspects: (i) adopt more advanced automatic control technology for raw material feed to shorten the processing time of raw
material, and (ii) manufacture powdered organic fertilizer instead of granular organic fertilizer production in order to avoid the drying
and cooling process, as such will increase the VIE and its subsidiaries production capacity. 

In addition, there are plans to engage in the
processing and distribution of black goat products, with business commencing in June 2024. We are currently constructing a deep-processing
slaughterhouse and processing plant which is expected to have the capacity of slaughtering 200,000 black goats per year in Chuxiong City,
Yunnan Province, in China. The VIE and its subsidiaries black goat processing products including goat rib lets, goat loin roast,
goat loin chops, goat rack, goat leg, goat shoulder, goat leg shanks, ground goat, goat stew meat, whole goat, half goat, lamb viscera,
etc. We expect to start generating revenue from the black goat products in 2024. 

77 

Recent
Development 

Impact
of COVID-19 

Started
in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus has become widespread in China and in the rest
of the world, including in each of the areas in which the Company, its suppliers and its customers operate. In order to avoid the risk
of the virus spreading, the Chinese government enacted various restrictive measures, including suspending business operations and quarantines,
starting from the end of January 2020. We followed the requirements of local health authorities to suspend operation and production and
have employees work remotely in February and March 2020. Since April 2020, we gradually resumed production and are now operating at full
capacity. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 outbreak in December 2019 and continuing through 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company s businesses, results
of operations, financial position and cash flows were adversely affected in 2022 with
potential continuing impacts in 2023, including but not limited to the material adverse impact on the Company s revenues as result
of the suspension of operations and decline in demand by the Company s customers. 

Though
the global outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) came to an end in November 2022, we are still taking
steps in an effort to identify and mitigate the adverse impacts on, and risks to, the VIE and its subsidiaries business (including
but not limited to the VIE and its subsidiaries employees, customers, other business partners, the VIE and its subsidiaries 
manufacturing capabilities and capacity and the VIE and its subsidiaries distribution channels) posed by its spread and the governmental
and community reactions thereto. 

Disposal
of land use right and production facility for repayment of debt 

The
Company completed its sale of industrial land and production facility in Shanghai through an administratively organized private sale
on June 16, 2021. Through the sale, the Company s subsidiary Shanghai Zongbao is able to satisfy its debt obligations due to Agricultural
Bank of China and Shanghai Zhongta Construction and Engineering Co., Ltd. and improve its cash position. As a result of the sale, Agricultural
Bank of China received RMB 35,632,193.36, Shanghai Zhongta Construction and Engineering Co., Ltd. received RMB 26,000,000 and Shanghai
Zongbao received the remaining RMB 7,921,902.28. 

Sale
of Viagoo 

On
December 16, 2022, Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. (the Company entered into a share purchase agreement (the Agreement with Viagoo Inc. (the Buyer ), pursuant to which the Buyer purchased 100 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares
of Viagoo Pte Ltd., a Singapore private limited liability company and a 100 parent company of NexG Pte. Ltd., and TPS Solutions Hong
Kong Limited, from the Company in exchange for a consideration of US 5,254,001.20 to be paid to the Company as follows: 

(i) The
Buyer agrees to issue a convertible note to a certain convertible noteholder of the Company in exchange for the cancellation of certain
debt of the Company held by certain noteholder; 

(ii) US 1,000,000
in a promissory note issued by the Buyer (the Promissory Note ), which must be paid off by the Buyer within three (3) business
days of the closing date of the next financing transaction by the Buyer (the Closing Date 

(iii) 625,715
ordinary shares of the Buyer, valued at US 5.60 per share, or an aggregate of US 3,504,001.20, within seven (7) business days of the
Closing Date. 

(iv) US 750,000
within five (5) business days of a Liquidity Event by the Buyer in any combination of cash or stock. Each share of stock shall be valued
at the fair market value price at the time of the Liquidity Event. Liquidity Event shall mean any event that allows the
Buyer to raise capital or shareholders of the Buyer to sell or dispose for consideration part or all of their ownership shares and list
on a national stock exchange in the United States, including but not limited to acquisition, merger, initial public offering, SPAC merger
and listing, direct listing or other such events. 

Should
the Buyer fail to perform a financing transaction after the effective date of the Agreement, shall result in the cancellation of the
transaction. The Agreement also includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the parties. 

The disposition was finalized on January 1, 2023,
marking the company's exit from the logistics sector to concentrate on its fertilizer business. 

78 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We evaluate, on an
on-going basis, our estimates for reasonableness as changes occur in our business environment. We base our estimates on experience, the
use of independent third-party specialists and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Critical
accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments, estimates and uncertainties, and potentially result
in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following are our critical accounting policies: 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP. The basis of accounting differs from that
used in the statutory accounts of the Company, which are prepared in accordance with the accounting principles of the PRC PRC
GAAP ). The differences between US GAAP and PRC GAAP have been adjusted in these consolidated financial statements. The Company s
functional currency is the Chinese Renminbi RMB and Singapore dollar( SGD however, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars USD ). 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, we had net accumulated deficit of 1,744,135 and 3,965,137 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our
cash balances as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were 1,389 and 8,122, respectively. We had current liability of 4,842,594
at December 31, 2023 which would be due within the next 12 months. In addition, we had working capital of 9,705,866 and 8,112,564 at
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Because the company is gradually recovering the
accounts receivables affected by the Covid-19, and the sales are gradually returning to the normal level, the company s current
cash revenue and expenditure are normal, which did not affect the normal operation. Now, after Covid-19, the company has no problems
with business sustainability. IPO financing will be used for new investments to expand the operating scale and does not affect the existing
operating scale. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated VIE, including the
VIE subsidiaries, for which the Muliang Viagoo is the primary beneficiary. 

All
transactions and balances among the Company, its subsidiaries, the VIE and the VIE subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

As
PRC laws and regulations welcome to invest in organic fertilizer industry businesses, the Muliang Viagoo operates its fertilizer business
in the PRC through Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries, which are collectively referred as the WFOEs . 

79 

By
entering into a series of agreements (the VIE Agreements ), the Muliang Viagoo, through WFOEs, obtained control over Shanghai
Muliang and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as VIE ). The VIE Agreements enable the Muliang Viagoo to (1) have power
to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE, and (2) receive the economic benefits of
the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. Accordingly, the Muliang Viagoo is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE and has
consolidated the VIE financial results of operations, assets and liabilities in the Muliang Viagoo s consolidated financial
statements. In making the conclusion that the Muliang Viagoo is the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the Muliang Viagoo s rights
under the Power of Attorney also provide the Muliang Viagoo s abilities to direct the activities that most significantly impact
the VIE economic performance. The Muliang Viagoo also believes that this ability to exercise control ensures that the VIE will
continue to execute and renew the Master Exclusive Service Agreement and pay service fees to Muliang Viagoo. By charging service fees
to be determined and adjusted at the sole discretion of Muliang Viagoo, and by ensuring that the Master Exclusive Service Agreement is
executed and remains effective, Muliang Viagoo has the rights to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from the VIE. 

Details
financial information of the VIE Entities, are set forth below: 

As of December 31, 2023 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Current assets 
 14,548,442 
 17,355,485 
 
 Non-current assets 
 7,596,743 
 7,698,043 
 
 Total Assets 
 22,145,185 
 25,053,528 
 
 Current liabilities 
 4,823,664 
 8,203,733 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 23,112 
 67,573 
 
 Total liabilities 
 4,846,776 
 8,271,306 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 17,298,409 
 16,782,222 

For the years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net income 
 849,427 
 3,190,198 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (934,408 
 (1,316,756 
 
 Net cash used in investment activities 
 (178,527 
 (126,208 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 375,866 
 1,444,460 

VIE
Agreements that were entered to give the Muliang Viagoo effective control over the VIE include: 

Voting
Rights Proxy Agreement and Irrevocable Power of Attorney 

Under
which each shareholder of the VIE grant to any person designated by WFOEs to act as its attorney-in-fact to exercise all shareholder
rights under PRC law and the relevant articles of association, including but not limited to, appointing directors, supervisors and officers
of the VIE as well as the right to sell, transfer, pledge and dispose all or a portion of the equity interest held by such shareholders
of the VIE. The proxy and power of attorney agreements will remain effective as long as WFOEs exist. The shareholders of the VIE do not
have the right to terminate the proxy agreements or revoke the appointment of the attorney-in-fact without written consent of the WFOEs. 

Exclusive
Option Agreement 

Under
which each shareholder of the VIE granted 9F or any third party designated by 9F the exclusive and irrevocable right to purchase from
such shareholders of the VIE, to the extent permitted by PRC law and regulations, all or part of their respective equity interests in
the VIE for a purchase price equal to the registered capital. The shareholders of the VIE will then return the purchase price to 9F or
any third party designated by 9F after the option is exercised. 9F may transfer all or part of its option to a third party at its own
option. The VIE and its shareholders agree that without prior written consent of 9F, they may not transfer or otherwise dispose the equity
interests or declare any dividends. The restated option agreement will remain effective until 9F or any third party designated by 9F
acquires all equity interest of the VIE. 

80 

Spousal
Consent 

The
spouse of each shareholder of the VIE has entered into a spousal consent letter to acknowledge that he or she consents to the disposition
of the equity interests held by his or her spouse in the VIE in accordance with the exclusive option agreement, the power of attorney
and the equity pledge agreement regarding VIE structure described above, and any other supplemental agreement(s) may be consented by
his or her spouse from time to time. Each such spouse further agrees that he or she will not take any action or raise any claim to interfere
with the arrangements contemplated under the mentioned agreements. In addition, each such spouse further acknowledges that any right
or interest in the equity interests held by his or her spouse in the VIE do not constitute property jointly owned with his or her spouse
and each such spouse unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right or interest in such equity interests. 

Loan
Agreement 

Pursuant
to the loan agreements between WFOEs and each shareholder of the VIE, WFOEs extended loans to the shareholders of the VIE, who had contributed
the loan principal to the VIE as registered capital. The shareholders of VIE may repay the loans only by transferring their respective
equity interests in VIE to 9F Inc. or its designated person(s) pursuant to the exclusive option agreements. These loan agreements will
remain effective until the date of full performance by the parties of their respective obligations thereunder. 

VIE
Agreements that enables Muliang Viagoo to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from the VIE include: 

Equity
Interest Pledge Agreement 

Pursuant
to equity interest pledge agreement, each shareholder of the VIE has pledged all of his or her equity interest held in the VIE to WFOEs
to secure the performance by VIE and their shareholders of their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, including
the payments due to WFOEs for services provided. In the event that the VIE breach any obligations under these agreements, WFOEs as the
pledgees, will be entitled to request immediate disposal of the pledged equity interests and have priority to be compensated by the proceeds
from the disposal of the pledged equity interests. The shareholders of the VIE shall not transfer their equity interests or create or
permit to be created any pledges without the prior written consent of WFOEs. The equity interest pledge agreement will remain valid until
the master exclusive service agreement and the relevant exclusive option agreements and proxy and power of attorney agreements, expire
or terminate. 

Master
Exclusive Service Agreement 

Pursuant
to exclusive service agreement, WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide the VIE with technical support, consulting services and other
services. WFOEs shall exclusively own any intellectual property arising from the performance of the agreement. During the term of this
agreement, the VIE may not accept any services covered by this agreement provided by any third party. The VIE agree to pay service fees
to be determined and adjusted at the sole discretion of the WFOEs. The agreement will remain effective unless WFOEs terminate the agreement
in writing. 

Risks
in relation to the VIE structure 

Muliang
Viagoo believes that the contractual arrangements with the VIE and their current shareholders are in compliance with PRC laws and regulations
and are legally enforceable. However, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit the Muliang Viagoo s ability to enforce
the contractual arrangements. If the legal structure and contractual arrangements were found to be in violation of PRC laws and regulations,
the PRC government could: 

Revoke
 the business and operating licenses of the Muliang Viagoo s PRC subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities; 

Discontinue
 or restrict the operations of any related-party transactions among the Muliang Viagoo s PRC subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated
 entities; 

Impose
 fines or other requirements on the Muliang Viagoo s PRC subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities; 

Require
 the Muliang Viagoo s PRC subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities to revise the relevant ownership structure or restructure
 operations; and/or; 

Restrict
 or prohibit the Muliang Viagoo s use of the proceeds of the additional public offering to finance the Muliang Viagoo s
 business and operations in China; 

Shut
 down the Muliang Viagoo s servers or blocking the Muliang Viagoo s online platform; 

Discontinue
 or place restrictions or onerous conditions on the Muliang Viagoo s operations; and/or 

Require
 the Muliang Viagoo to undergo a costly and disruptive restructuring. 

81 

Muliang
Viagoo s ability to conduct its business may be negatively affected if the PRC government were to carry out any of the aforementioned
actions. As a result, Muliang Viagoo may not be able to consolidate the VIE in its consolidated financial statements as it may lose the
ability to exert effective control over the VIE and its shareholders, and it may lose the ability to receive economic benefits from the
VIE. Muliang Viagoo currently does not believe that any penalties imposed or actions taken by the PRC government would result in the
liquidation of the Company, WFOEs, or the VIE. 

The
following table sets forth the assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows of the VIE and their subsidiaries, which are
included in Muliang Viagoo s consolidated financial statements after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions: 

Under
the VIE Arrangements, Muliang Viagoo has the power to direct activities of the VIE and can have assets transferred out of the VIE. Therefore,
Muliang Viagoo considers that there is no asset in the VIE that can be used only to settle obligations of the VIE, except for assets
that correspond to the amount of the registered capital and PRC statutory reserves, if any. As the VIE are incorporated as limited liability
companies under the Company Law of the PRC, creditors of the VIE do not have recourse to the general credit of Muliang Viagoo for any
of the liabilities of the VIE. 

Currently
there is no contractual arrangement which requires Muliang Viagoo to provide additional financial support to the VIE. However, as Muliang
Viagoo conducts its businesses primarily based on the licenses held by the VIE, Muliang Viagoo has provided and will continue to provide
financial support to the VIE. 

Revenue-producing
assets held by the VIE include certain internet content provision ICP licenses and other licenses, domain names and trademarks.
The ICP licenses and other licenses are required under relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations for the operation of internet businesses
in the PRC, and therefore are integral to Muliang Viagoo s operations. The ICP licenses require that core PRC trademark registrations
and domain names are held by the VIE that provide the relevant services. 

Muliang
Viagoo consolidates the following entities, including wholly-owned subsidiaries, Muliang HK, Shanghai Mufeng, Viagoo, and its wholly
controlled variable interest entities, Shanghai Muliang, and Zhongbao, 60 controlled Agritech Development, 99 controlled Fukang, 65 
controlled Zhonglian, 80 controlled Yunnan Muliang, 100 controlled Anhui Muliang, 65 controlled Maguan, and 51 controlled Heilongjiang.
Accordingly, the 40 equity interest holder of Agritech Development, 1 equity interest holders in Fukang, 35 equity interest holders
in Zhonglian, 20 interest in Yunnan Muliang, 35 equity interest in Maguan, and 49 equity interest in Heilongjiang are accounted as
non-controlling interest in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Discontinued operation 

In accordance with ASU No. 2014-08, Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of
components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or
will have) a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results when the components of an entity meet the criteria in
paragraph 205-20-45-1E to be classified as discontinued operations. When all of the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations
are met, including management having the authority to approve the action and committing to a plan to sell the entity or the components,
the major current assets, other assets, current liabilities, and noncurrent liabilities shall be reported as components of total assets
and liabilities separate from the balances of the continuing operations. At the same time, the results of discontinued operations, less
applicable income taxes (benefit), shall be reported as components of net income (loss) separate from the net income (loss) of continuing
operations in accordance with ASC 205-20-45. 

As of December 31, 2023, Viagoo is no longer consolidated
scope due to the dispose in January 2023. For financial information related to the discontinued operations. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of these financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of these financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Accordingly, actual results may differ from
these estimates. Significant estimates include the useful lives of property and equipment, land use rights, assumptions used in assessing
collectability of receivables and impairment for long-term assets. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are stated at the historical carrying amount net of allowance for expected credit losses. The Company adopted
ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments on January 1, 2021 using a modified retrospective approach. The Company also adopted
this guidance to other receivables. To estimate expected credit losses, the Company has identified the relevant risk characteristics
of its customers and the related receivables. The Company considers the past collection experience, current economic conditions,
future economic conditions (external data and macroeconomic factors) and changes in the Company s customer collection trends.
The allowance for credit losses and corresponding receivables were written off when they are determined to be
uncollectible. 

Inventory
Valuation 

We value the VIE and its subsidiaries fertilizer
inventories at the lower of cost, determined on a weighted average basis, and net realizable value (the estimated market price). Substantially
all inventory expenses, packaging and supplies are valued by the weighted average method. 

82 

Revenue
Recognition 

On
January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method. Results for the reporting period beginning after
January 1, 2018 are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance
with the Company s historic accounting under Topic 605. 

Management
has determined that the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the Company s previously reported financial statements in any prior
period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to opening retained earnings. 

Revenue
for sale of products is derived from contracts with customers, which primarily include the sale of fertilizer products and environmental
protection equipment. The Company s sales arrangements do not contain variable consideration. The Company recognizes revenue at
a point in time based on management s evaluation of when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer
are satisfied and control of the products has been transferred to the customer. For vast majority of the Company s product sales,
the performance obligations and control of the products transfer to the customer when products are delivered, and customer acceptance
is made. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the provision of FASB ASC 740-10, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncement 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement
(Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The update clarifies that a contractual
restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is
not considered in measuring fair value. The update also clarifies that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and
measure a contractual sale restriction. The update also requires certain additional disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual
sale restrictions. The amendments in this update are effective for the Group beginning January 1, 2024 on a prospective basis. Early
adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The
Company does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

In March 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-01, "Lease (Topic 842): Common Control Arrangements". This update provides guidance on
the accounting for lease arrangements between entities under common control. The Company has adopted this standard effective January 1,
2023, and has evaluated its existing lease arrangements to ensure compliance with the new guidance. The adoption of ASU 2023-01 is expected
to enhance the transparency and consistency of lease accounting within the Company's financial statements, providing stakeholders with
clearer insights into the implications of common control lease arrangements. 

The
Company believes that there were no other accounting standards recently issued that had or are expected to have a material impact on
our financial position or results of operations. 

83 

Results
of Operations 

We are principally engaged in the organic fertilizer
manufacture and distribution business in the PRC, which account for 100 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak in December
2019 and continuing in the year of 2020, 2021, and 2022, the Company s businesses, results of operations, financial position and
cash flows were adversely affected in 2022. However, the COVID-19 came to an end in November 2022 in China. And we expected to make progress
in revenue for the coming years. 

Operating
Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Variance 

Revenues-fertilizer 

8,656,862 

11,049,883 

(2,393,021) 

-21.7 

Subtoal of revenue 

8,656,862 

11,049,883 

(2,393,021) 

-21.7 

Cost-fertilizer 

5,353,549 

6,358,418 

(1,004,869) 

-15.8 

Subtotal of cost 

5,353,549 

6,358,418 

(1,004,869) 

-15.8 

Gross profit 

3,303,313 

4,691,465 

(1,388,152) 

-29.6 

Gross margin 

38.2 

42.5 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

421,570 

399,167 

22,403) 

5.6 

Selling expenses 

11,941 

318,087 

(306,146) 

-96.2 

Provision for expected credit losses 

2,402,501 

237,191 

2,165,310 

912.9 

Total operating expenses 

2,836,012 

954,446 

1,881,566 

197.1 

Income from operations 

467,301 

3,737,019 

(3,269,718) 

-87.5 

Other income (expense): 

Interest Income 

12 

- 

12 

N/A 

Interest expense 

(77,209) 

(124,730) 

47,521 

-38.1 

Other income (expense), net 

433,524 

10,534 

422,990 

4015.4 

Total other income(expense) 

356,327 

(114,196) 

470,523 

-412.0 

Income before income taxes 

823,628 

3,622,824 

(2,799,196) 

-77.3 

Income taxes expense (benefit) 

(25,799) 

432,626 

(458,425) 

-106.0 

Net income from continuing operations 

849,427 

3,190,198 

(2,340,771) 

-73.4 

Revenue. 

Revenue for fertilizer decreased from 11,049,883
for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 8,656,862 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which represented a decrease of 2,393,021, or
approximately 21.7 . The sluggish economic situation and consumer market have also reduced the demand for organic fertilizers. 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales for fertilizer decreased from 6,358,418 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 to 5,353,549 for the year ended December 31, 2023, which represented a decrease of approximately 1,004,869,
or 15.8 . The decrease in cost of revenue was in line with the decrease in revenue. 

The cost of sales represents the manufacturing
costs and transportation costs incurred during the production process. 

84 

Gross
profit 

The gross profit for fertilizer decreased from
 4,691,465 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to gross profit of 3,303,313 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The gross margin decreased
from 42.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 to 38.2 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The reduced gross margin was due to the
weak demand for organic fertilizer after the COVID-19, which also reduced the selling price of our products. 

Expenses . 

We incurred 11,941 in selling expenses for the year ended December
31, 2023, compared to 318,087 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We incurred 421,570 in general and administrative expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2023, compared to 399,167 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased by 283,744, or 39.6 for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. Our selling expenses decreased
by 306,146 and our general and administrative expenses increased by 22,403. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was
due to the sale of Viagoo on January 1, 2023. We expect our general and administrative expense to increase for the next year, if we successfully
complete our public offering. 

Interest
expense 

We incurred 77,209 in interest expense during
the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with interest expense of 124,730 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decreased interest
expense reflects the decreased loan balance as of December 31, 2023. 

Net Income from continuing operations 

Our net income from continuing operations was 849,427 for the year
ended December 31, 2023, compared with net income from continuing operations of 3,190,198 for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing
a decrease of 2,340,771, or 73.4 . The significant decrease in net income from continuing operations was mainly due to the provision
for expected credit losses of 2,402,501 taken for account receivable for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. At December 31,
2023 and December 31, 2022 our working capital was 9,705,866 and 8,112,564, respectively. The improvement in our working capital deficit
was reflecting faster decrease in our current liability, especially the significant decrease in account payable and accrued liability
balance. 

We have financed operations over the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 primarily through proceeds from stock issuance and advances from related parties, and net cash inflow from
operations. 

The
components of cash flows are discussed below: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (934,408 
 (1,302,022 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (178,527 
 (126,208 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 375,866 
 1,444,460 
 
 Exchange rate effect on cash 
 730,336 
 19,070 
 
 Net cash inflow (outflow) 
 (6,733 
 35,300 

Cash
used in Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 934,408 for the year ended
December 31, 2023. Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted primarily of a decrease of 2,237,495
in other payable, an increase of 1,926,608 in account receivable, and a decrease of 963,371 in account payable, which was offset by
the net income of 1,838,281, depreciation and amortization of 795,232, provision for expected credit losses of 2,402,501, and
amortization of right of use assets of 56,270. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,302,022
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily
of an increase of 1,589,257 in account receivable, an increase of 1,592,071 in other receivable, and a decrease of 5,303,952 in account
payable and accrued liability, which was offset by net income of 2,919,536, depreciation and amortization of 527,193, and a decrease
of 2,663,209 in prepayment, and the provision for expected credit losses of 237,191. 

85 

Cash
used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 178,527 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The investment activity was payments made for construction
in progress. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 126,208 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The investment activity was payments made for intangible
assets. 

Cash
provided by (used in) Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 375,866 for the year ended December 31, 2023. During the year, cash provided by financing
activities included proceeds from related parties of 602,090, which were partly offset by repayment of short-term loans of 226,224. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,444,460 for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the period, cash provided by financing
activities consisted of borrowing of 1,755,885 from related party, offset by short term loan repayment of 311,425. 

We
anticipate that our current cash reserves plus cash from operating activities will not be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations
and fund operations for the next twelve months. As a result, we will need to seek additional funding in the near future. We are looking
to obtain additional funding through equity financing in the secondary market, and/or renewing our current obligations with loaners.
We may also seek to obtain short-term loans from our directors or unrelated parties. Additional funding may not be available, or at acceptable
terms, to us at this time. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development
activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. 

Contractual
Commitments and Commitments for Capital Expenditure 

Contractual
Commitments 

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2023 and the effect those obligations are expected to have
on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods. 

Payments Due by Period as of December 31, 2023 

Total 
 Less than 1 Year 
 1 - 3 Years 
 3 - 5 Years 
 Over 5 Years 
 
 Contractual obligations 

Loans 
 789,305 
 773,039 
 16,266 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others 
 20,070 
 13,224 
 6,846 
 - 
 - 

809,375 
 786,263 
 23,112 
 - 
 - 

Commitments
for Capital Expenditure 

There
is no commitment for capital expenditure as of December 31, 2023. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Items 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary course
of business, we enter into operating lease commitments, purchase commitments and other contractual obligations. These transactions are
recognized in our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

86 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 - F-32 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To:
 
 The
 Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Muliang
 Viagoo Technology, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc., its subsidiaries and its variable interest
entities (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Accounts
receivable 

We assessed the carrying value of accounts receivable as a critical
audit matter. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s accounts receivable balance was quantitatively material to the financial statements
as a whole, and the account required challenging, subjective and complex judgment and assumptions regarding the estimation of the net
carrying value. 

The Company s accounts receivable is stated at gross receivables
less an allowance for expected credit losses based on management assessment of collectability of those balances. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address the net carrying
value of the accounts receivables and related provision for expected credit losses included the following: 

Independently
 sending confirmation to the Company s customers and checking for subsequent payment from customers. 

Inquired
 with Company personnel to understand management s assessment on the credit worthiness of the Company s customers and
 the recoverability of the receivables. 

Performed
 quantitative and qualitative analysis on accounts receivable aging and past collections from customers, and researched if there are
 any historical, geographical or industry trends that would influence collectability. 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter include the
accounts receivable, allowance for expected credit losses, and provision for expected credit losses, and the related disclosure in the
accompanying note 4 to the financial statements. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID: 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since March 15, 2016. 

November 20, 2024 

F- 3 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepayments 

Other receivables, net 

Current assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Long term investment 
 -

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Land use right assets 

Operating lease right of use asset, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 -

Productive biological asset 

Other assets and deposits 

Deferred tax asset 

Other assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable and accrued liability 

Advances from customers 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Income tax payable 

Other payables 

Due to related party 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term loans 
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities noncurrent 

Other liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -
 
 -

Stockholders Equity: 

Series A Preferred Stock 
par value, shares authorized (of which shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock), shares issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Statutory Reserve 
 
 -

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income(loss) 

Stockholders Equity - Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling expenses 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest Income 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxe (benefit)expense 

Net income from continuing operations 

Income from operations of a discontinued component 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of applicable income taxes 

Gain from disposal of a discontinued component 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net Income 

Net (loss)income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. common stockholders 

Other comprehensive income : 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total Comprehensive income 

Total comprehensive (loss)income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Total comprehensive income attributable to Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc.
common stockholders 

Earnings per common share Basic and diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Statutory Reserve 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income (Loss) 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

-

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

-

Net income 

Deconsolidation of discontinued operations 

-

Statutory Reserve Allocation 

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Retroactively restated to reflect the Company s 1-for-2
reverse share split effective on February 24, 2023. 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Net profit(loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Amortization of land use right assets 

Deferred income tax assets 
 
 -

Amortization of Operating lease right of use assets 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepayment 

Other receivables 

Accounts payable and accrued payables 

Advances from customers 

Income tax payable 

Lease liability 

Other payables 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of Intangible assets 
 -

Purchase of Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from (repayment to) related party 

Repayment of short-term loans 

Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH 

NET (DECREASE)INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

LESS: CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Cash paid for interest expense, net of capitalized interest 

Cash paid for income tax 
 -
 
 -

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS OF INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Long term investment without paying cash 
 -
 
 -

Initial recognition of operating lease right of use asset 
 
 -

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

by Lirong Wang and 
by Zongfang Wang. Shanghai Muliang through its own operations and its subsidiaries is engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing
and selling organic fertilizers and bio-organic fertilizers for use in the agricultural industry. 

On
May 27, 2013, Shanghai Muliang entered into and consummated an equity purchase agreement whereby it acquired of the outstanding equity
of Weihai Fukang Bio-Fertilizer Co., Ltd. Fukang ), a corporation organized under the laws of the People s Republic
of China. Fukang was incorporated in Weihai City, Shandong Province on January 6, 2009. Fukang is focused on the distribution of organic
fertilizers and the development of new bio-organic fertilizers. As a result of the completion of the transaction, Fukang became a 
owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang, with the remaining equity interest owned by Mr. Hui Song. 

On
July 11, 2013, Shanghai Muliang established a wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai Muliang Viagoo Development Co., Ltd. Agritech
Development in Shanghai, China. On November 6, 2013, Shanghai Muliang sold of the outstanding equity of Agritech Development
to Mr. Jianping Zhang for consideration of approximately or RMB . Agritech Development does not currently conduct any
operations. 

On
July 17, 2013, Shanghai Muliang entered into an equity purchase agreement to acquire of the outstanding equity of Shanghai Zongbao
Environmental Construction Co., Ltd. Shanghai Zongbao with consideration of approximately million or RMB million,
effectively becoming the wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Muliang. Shanghai Zongbao was incorporated in Shanghai on January 25, 2008.
Shanghai Zongbao processes and distributes organic fertilizers. Shanghai Zongbao wholly owns Shanghai Zongbao Environmental Construction
Co., Ltd. Cangzhou Branch Zongbao Cangzhou ). 

On
August 21, 2014, Muliang Agricultural Limited Muliang HK was incorporated in Hong Kong as an investment holding company. 

January
27, 2015, Muliang HK incorporated a wholly foreign-owned enterprise, Shanghai Mufeng Investment Consulting Co., Ltd Shanghai
Mufeng ), in China. 

On
July 8, 2015, Muliang Viagoo entered into certain stock purchase agreement with Muliang HK, pursuant to which Muliang Viagoo, for a consideration
of , acquired interest in Muliang HK and its wholly-owned subsidiary Shanghai Mufeng. Both Muliang HK and Shanghai Mufeng
are controlled by the Company s sole officer and director, Lirong Wang. 

F- 8 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

shares outstanding
of which were owned by Chenxi Shi, the founder of Muliang Viagoo and its sole officer and director. The remaining 
were held by a total of investors. 

On
January 11, 2016, Muliang Viagoo issued shares of its common stock to Lirong Wang for an aggregate consideration of .
On the same date, Chenxi Shi, the sole officer and director of Muliang Viagoo on that date, transferred shares of common stock
of the Company held by him to Lirong Wang for pursuant to a transfer agreement. 

On
February 10, 2016, Shanghai Mufeng entered into a set of contractual agreements known as Variable Interest Entity VIE Agreements, including (1) Exclusive Technical Consulting and Service Agreement, (2) Equity Pledge Agreement, and (3) Call Option Cooperation
Agreement, with Shanghai Muliang, and its Principal Shareholders. As a result of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the set of VIE Agreements,
Shanghai Muliang Industry Co., Ltd., along with its consolidated subsidiaries, became entities controlled by Muliang Viagoo, whereby
Muliang Viagoo would derive all substantial economic benefit generated by Shanghai Muliang and its subsidiaries. 

As
a result, Muliang Viagoo has a direct wholly-owned subsidiary, Muliang HK and an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Shanghai Mufeng.
Through its VIE Agreements, Muliang Viagoo exercises control over Shanghai Muliang. As a result, Shanghai Muliang has two wholly-owned
subsidiaries (Shanghai Zongbao and Muliang Sales), one owned subsidiary (Fukang), one owned subsidiary (Agritech Development),
and one indirectly wholly owned subsidiary Zongbao Cangzhou. 

On
June 6, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established a wholly-owned subsidiary, namely, Muliang (Ningling) Bio-chemical Fertilizer Co. Ltd Ningling
Fertilizer in Henan Province. Ningling Fertilizer is setup for a new production line of bio-chemical fertilizer and has not begun
any operation yet. 

On July 7, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established
a subsidiary, namely, Zhonglian Huinong (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd Zhonglian in Beijing City, China. Shanghai Muliang
owns shares of Zhonglian, and a third-party company, Zhongrui Huilian (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd owns the other shares. 

On October 27, 2016, Shanghai Muliang established
a subsidiary, namely, Yunnan Muliang Animal Husbandry Development Co., Ltd Yunnan Muliang in Yunnan Province, China. Shanghai
Muliang owns shares of Yunnan Muliang, and a third-party company, Shuangbai County Development Investment Co., Ltd. owns the other
 shares. Yunnan Muliang was setup for the sales development of West China. 

On October 12, 2017, the Company canceled the
registration of Ningling with the administration authorities for Industry and Commerce. Ningling has historically been reported as a
component of operations and incurred to loss before income taxes provisions for the year ended December 31, 2017. The termination
does not constitute a strategic shift that will have a major effect on operations or financial results and as such, the termination is
not classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. 

On
February 22, 2016 and June 8, 2017, Shanghai Muliang established a owned subsidiary of Maguan Jiamu Agricultural Development Co.,
Ltd (Maguan), and a owned subsidiary of Anhui Muliang Agricultural Biotechnology Co., Ltd (Anhui Muliang) respectively. Since its
establishment, both of the Companies have no operation. 

F- 9 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

shares of Blank Check Preferred Stock. 

On April 5, 2019,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the
Name Change and to authorize the creation of Blank Check Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital stock of the Company consists of 
 shares of common
stock, par value, and shares of blank
check preferred stock, par value. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, as the same now exists
or may hereafter be amended or supplemented, the Board of Directors may fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences or other
variations of each class or series within each class of preferred stock of the Company. The Company may issue the shares of stock for
such consideration as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

On
April 16, 2019, we filed a Certificate of Change to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
to reflect the reverse stock split. Any fractional shares are to be rounded up to whole shares. The reverse stock split does not affect
the par value or the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. 

The
reverse stock split and the name change took effect on May 7, 2019. In connection with the name change, our stock symbol changed to MULG. 

On October 30, 2019, we filed a Certificate of
Designation for Nevada Profit Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to authorize the creation of Series A Preferred
Stock. As a result, shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the shares of blank check preferred
stock. 

On June 26, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of the State of Nevada, changing its name from Muliang
Agritech, Inc. to Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc. . 

On June 19, 2020, the Company entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement with Viagoo Pte Ltd. and all the shareholders of Viagoo for the acquisition of equity interest of Viagoo. Pursuant
to the SEA, Muliang shall purchase from Viagoo Shareholders all of Viagoo Shareholder s right, title and interest in and to the
Viagoo s capital stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Shares was US , paid in shares of the Company s
restricted common stock, valued at per share. 

Viagoo is a Singapore-based logistics sharing
platform that enables shippers and carriers to share and optimize resources to lower cost and increase efficiency. From last mile delivery
to cross border transportation, the platform provides digital transaction contracts for customers to source for service providers to deliver
goods and services in a convenient manner. Viagoo partners with various Singapore agencies to promote the platform to support urban logistics
need in Singapore, such as Enterprise Singapore, a government agency to support Singapore small and medium businesses, and Singapore Logistics
Association. 

Pursuant
to the SEA, Muliang shall purchase from Viagoo Shareholders all of Viagoo Shareholder s right, title and interest in and to the
Viagoo s capital stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Shares was US , paid in shares of the Company s
restricted common stock, valued at per share. The Company recognized in goodwill as result of this transaction. 

On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement with Viagoo Inc. (the Buyer ), pursuant to which the Buyer purchased of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Viagoo Pte Ltd., a Singapore private limited liability company and a 100 parent company of NexG Pte. Ltd., and TPS
Solutions Hong Kong Limited, from the Company in exchange for a consideration of US to be paid to the Company. The Company
decided that the transfer of control over Viagoo Pte Ltd. essentially occurred on January 1 st , 2023 (See Note 3). As a result,
Viagoo's historical operating performance are reported as discontinued operations under the guidance of ASC 205. 

Muliang Agritech, Muliang HK, Shanghai Mufeng,
Shanghai Muliang, Shanghai Zongbao, Zongbao Cangzhou, Muliang Sales, Fukang, Agritech Development, Yunnan Muliang, Zhonglian, Anhui Muliang,
and Maguan are referred to as subsidiaries. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the Company ,
 we and us , unless specific reference is made to an entity. 

The
consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming that the Company has controlled Muliang HK and its intermediary holding companies,
operating subsidiaries, and variable interest entities: Shanghai Mufeng, Shanghai Muliang, Shanghai Zongbao, Zongbao Cangzhou, Muliang
Sales, Fukang, Heilongjiang, Anhui Muliang, Maguan, and Agritech Development, from the first period presented. The transactions detailed
above have been accounted for as reverse takeover transaction and a recapitalization of the Company; accordingly, the Company (the legal
acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and Muliang HK (the legal acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. No goodwill
has been recorded for these transactions. As a result of this transaction, the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business
of Muliang HK, Shanghai Mufeng, and Shanghai Muliang. 

F- 10 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

and as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively.
Our cash balances as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were and , respectively. We had current liability of 
at December 31, 2023 which would be due within the next 12 months. In addition, we had net working capital of and 
at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Because the company is gradually recovering the
accounts receivables affected by the Covid-19, and the sales are gradually returning to the normal level, the company s current
cash revenue and expenditure are normal, which did not affect the normal operation. Now, after Covid-19, the company has no problems with
business sustainability. 

F- 11 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Non-current assets 

Total Assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Total shareholders equity 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in investment activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

F- 12 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 13 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 14 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

controlled Agritech Development, controlled Fukang, 
controlled Zhonglian, controlled Yunnan Muliang, controlled Anhui Muliang, controlled Maguan, and controlled Heilongjiang.
Accordingly, the equity interest holder of Agritech Development, equity interest holders in Fukang, equity interest holders
in Zhonglian, interest in Maguan, interest in Yunnan Muliang, and equity interest in Heilongjiang are accounted as non-controlling
interest in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F- 15 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

years 
 
 Operating equipment 
 - years 
 
 Vehicle 
 - years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 

years 

years 

years. Biological assets are measured at average cost and recorded at the
lower of cost or net realizable value. Any impairment losses are recognized when the net realizable value falls below the recorded cost.
Upon commencement of commercial production, accumulated costs will be depreciated over the estimated useful life of the farmland. The
estimated production life for apple tree is , and the costs are depreciated without a residual value. Expenses incurred maintaining
apple trees during the growth cycle until seedling apple trees or grafted varieties are fruited are capitalized into inventory and included
in Work In Process-apple orchard, a component of inventories. 

years 

F- 16 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

enterprise income tax. 

F- 17 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and , respectively.
Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction
dates. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the balance sheet date with any transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated
in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. 

RMB to 1 USD and RMB to 1 USD, respectively, which were the exchange
rates on the balance sheet dates. The average translation rates applied to the statements of income and cash flow for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 were RMB and RMB to 1 USD, respectively. 

SGD to 1 USD. The average translation rates applied to the statements of income
and cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 was SGD to 1 USD. 

F- 18 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Long-term loan 
 
 -

of after-tax profit until the aggregated appropriations reach of the registered capital (as determined under accounting principles
generally accepted in the PRC PRC GAAP at each year-end). For foreign invested enterprises and joint ventures in the
PRC, annual appropriations should be made to the reserve fund . For foreign invested enterprises, the annual appropriation
for the reserve fund cannot be less than of after-tax profits until the aggregated appropriations reach of the
registered capital (as determined under PRC GAAP at each year-end). If the Company has accumulated loss from prior periods, the Company
is able to use the current period net income after tax to offset against the accumulate loss. 

F- 19 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 20 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, net 

Total current assets of discontinued operations 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Long term investment 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Land use right assets 

Total other assets of discontinued operations 

Total assets of discontinued operations 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued liability 

Due to Intercompany 

Income tax payable 

Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 

OTHER LIABILITIES: 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total other liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations 

F- 21 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED) 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 
 -

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling expenses 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Total operating expenses 
 -

Loss from operations 
 -

Other income: 
 
 -

Interest Income 
 
 -

Interest expense 
 
 -

Other income, net 

Total other income 
 -

Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 
 -

Gain on the sale of discontinued operations before income taxes 

Total income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Income taxes expense 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

US GAAP (ASC 810-10-40) provides guidance on Derecognition 
of a previously consolidated entity or entities. Under this guidance, the Company shall account for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary
or derecognition of a group of assets specified in ASC 810-10-40-3A by recognizing a gain or loss in net income attributable to the parent,
measured as the difference between the combination of: 

a) The fair value of: 

any consideration received. In this case, the Company received
no consideration. 

any retained non-controlling investment in the former subsidiary
or group of assets at the date the subsidiary is deconsolidated, or the group of assets is derecognized. 

b) The carrying amount of the former subsidiaries
assets and liabilities or the carrying amount of the group of assets. 

With the above guidance the Company determined
that the effect of the deconsolidation of Muliang produced a gain of , which is a non-cash adjustment. 

In addition, the company's receipt of the transaction
price is contingent upon Viagoo Inc. completing its next financing transaction. Given the uncertainty surrounding the timing of this transaction
, the company has recognized a allowance for the receivable. 

F- 22 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Allowance for expected credit losses 

Total, net 

Additions 

Effects of currency translation 

At December. 31,2022 (Audited) 

Additions 

Effects of currency translation 

At December. 31,2023 (Audited) 

Finished goods 

Total, net 

and 
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 represents the advances paid to suppliers for the purchase of raw materials to be delivered in the next
operating period. 

F- 23 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Operating equipment 

Vehicle 

Office equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
depreciation expense amounted to and , respectively. Depreciation is not taken during the period of construction or equipment
installation. Upon completion of the installation of manufacturing equipment or any construction in progress, construction in progress
balances will be classified to their respective property and equipment category. 

The
construction in progress of represents the investment of a black goat processing plant located in Shuangbai County, Chuxiong
City, Yunnan Province, PRC. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

No impairment charge was recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Allowance for expected credit losses 

Deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, non-current 

Deferred taxation is calculated under the liability
method in respect of taxation effect arising from all timing differences, which are expected with reasonable probability to realize in
the foreseeable future. The Company s subsidiary registered in the PRC is subject to income taxes within the PRC at the applicable
tax rate. 

F- 24 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of December 31,
2023 represents the net value of the office located in Shanghai. The total cost of the operating right-of-use assets is and the
accumulated amortization is . 

On November 26, 2023, The Company signed a lease
agreement for office premises with a lease term from December 1, 2023 to November 30, 2025. The Company has elected to not recognize lease
assets and liabilities for leases with a term less than twelve months. 

The Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities
are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The discount rate used to calculate
present value is incremental borrowing rate or, if available, the rate implicit in the lease. The Company determines the incremental borrowing
rates for these leases based primarily on lease terms were . 

Weighted Average Discount Rate - Operating leases 

2025 

Thereafter 
 -

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

, due by . Current portion of long-term loans payable Long term loans - non-current portion -

Year 2 

Total 

The
Company recognized interest expenses of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The loan agreement between Weihai Fukang and Rushan City Rural Credit Union specifies that Mr. Lirong Wang and Mr. Zhongfang Wang serve
as guarantors for the loan. Additionally, all properties owned by Weihai Fukang, along with the associated land use rights, have been
pledged as collateral. 

F- 25 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

common shares with a par value of
 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders
of the corporation is sought. 

On April 4, 2019, the Company s Board of
Directors and majority shareholder approved creation of a hundred million ) shares of Blank Check Preferred Stock,
 par value. 

On April 5, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the creation of Blank Check
Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital stock of the Company consisted of shares of common stock, par value, and
 shares of blank check preferred stock after the filling. 

On February 24, 2023, our Board of Directors declared
a reverse stock split of our authorized common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. There was no effect on total stockholders 
equity, and the par value per share of our both common stock and Series A Preferred Stock remains unchanged at per share after
the reverse stock split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable
disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split. 

As of December 31, 2023, there were 
common shares of the Company authorized, and preferred shares authorized. 

Common
Share Issuances 

On June 29, 2018, the outstanding amount 
due to Mr. Wang, CEO and Chairman of the Company, were converted into shares of Common Shares at per share. 

On June 29, 2018 the Company issued common
shares of the Company at for proceeds of to Mr. Wang, CEO and Chairman of the Company. 

On April 4, 2019, the Company s Board of
Directors and majority shareholder approved a to reverse stock split of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued as a result of the reverse stock
split. The Stock Split does not affect the par value or the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock. 

On April 16, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate
of Change to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the Reverse stock Split. The
reverse stock split took effect on May 7, 2019 The common shares outstanding have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse
stock split. 

F- 26 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
12 - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Wang, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, in exchange
for shares of common stock beneficially owned by him. Following the transaction, shares of common stock were cancelled
and returned to treasury. 

On June 19, 2020, Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc.
entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Viagoo Pte Ltd. Viagoo and all the shareholders of Viagoo for the acquisition
of equity interest of Viagoo. 

Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, Muliang
shall purchase from Viagoo Shareholders all of Viagoo Shareholder s right, title and interest in and to the Viagoo s capital
stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Shares was US , paid in shares of the Company s restricted common stock,
valued at per share. 

On June 28, 2020, the Company issued of
restricted common stock as the compensation for Shaw Cheng David Chong, the new Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

On December 29, 2020, the Company issued 
of restricted common stock to two investors for US valued at per share. 

On February 24, 2023, the Company s Board
of Directors and majority shareholder approved a to reverse stock split of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock and preferred stock. There was no effect on total stockholders equity, and the par value per share of our both common
stock and Series A Preferred Stock remains unchanged at per share after the reverse stock split. All references made to share
or per share amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split. 

As of December 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Blank
Check Preferred Stock 

On April 4, 2019, the Company s Board of
Directors and majority shareholder approved creation of a hundred million ) shares of Blank Check Preferred Stock,
 par value. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended
or supplemented, the Board of Directors may fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences or other variations of each class
or series within each class of preferred stock of the Company. The Company may issue the shares of stock for such consideration as may
be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

On April 5, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to authorize the creation of Blank Check
Preferred Stock. 

On October 30, 2019, shares were designated
to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the shares of blank check preferred stock. 

On February 24, 2023, the Company s Board
of Directors and majority shareholder approved a of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock and preferred stock. As a result, shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the 
shares of blank check preferred stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
October 30, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved to designate shares
as Series A Preferred Stock out of the shares
of blank check preferred stock, which the preferences and relative and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, shall be set forth in the discussion below under the Series A Preferred Stock . A certificate of designation for
the Series A Preferred Stock was filed with the Secretary of the State of the State of Nevada on October 30, 2019. 

On February 24, 2023, the Company s Board
of Directors and majority shareholder approved a of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock and preferred stock. As a result, shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the 
shares of blank check preferred stock. 

F- 27 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
12 - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Wang, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, in exchange for shares of
common stock beneficially owned by him. Following the transaction, shares of common stock were cancelled and returned to treasury. 

On
February 24, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved a of all of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock and preferred stock. There was no effect on total stockholders 
equity, and the par value per share of our both common stock and Series A Preferred Stock remains unchanged at per share after
the reverse stock split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split. 

As of the filing date, there were shares of Series A Preferred
Stock issued outstanding. 

Ms. Xueying Sheng Mr. Guohua Lin Mr. Zhongfang Wang Total 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company borrowed from Mr. Lirong Wang, and repaid . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company borrowed from Mr. Guohua Lin, and repaid . For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company borrowed from Mr. Guohua Lin, and repaid . 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company borrowed from Ms. Xueying Sheng and repaid .For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company borrowed from Ms. Xueying Sheng and repaid . 

F- 28 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Customer B 

The
following table sets forth a summary of single customers who represented 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable: 

Customer B 

Suppliers
Concentrations 

Supplier B 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Supplier C 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Supplier D 

N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Supplier E 

N/A 
 N/A 

F- 29 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
14 - CONCENTRATIONS (CONTINUED) 

Singapore 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 

of unused
net operating losses NOLs available for carrying forward to future years for U.S. federal income tax reporting purposes.
Because United States tax laws limit the time during which NOL carry forwards may be applied against future taxable income, the Company
may be unable to take full advantage of its NOLs for federal income tax purposes should the Company generate taxable income. Further,
the benefit from utilization of NOL carry forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes that could occur
in the Company as it continues to raise additional capital. Based on such limitations, the Company has significant NOLs for which realization
of tax benefits is uncertain. 

On
December 22, 2017, the United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act resulting in significant modifications
to existing law. The Company has considered the accounting impact of the effects of the Act during the year ended December 31, 2018 including
a reduction in the corporate tax rate from to among other changes. 

Hong
Kong 

Muliang
HK is established in Hong Kong and its income is subject to a profit tax rate for income sourced within the Special Administrative
Region. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 Muliang HK did not earn any income derived in Hong Kong, and therefore was not
subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax. 

China,
PRC 

Shanghai Mufeng and its subsidiaries Shanghai
Muliang, Zongbao, Zongbao Cangzhou, Muliang Sales, Fukang, Agritech Development, Zhonglian, Anhui Muliang, Maguan, and Yunnan Muliang
are established in China and its income is subject to income tax rate of . 

F- 30 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
15 - TAXES (CONTINUED) 

PRC income tax effect 

Change in valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

Nontaxable or nondeductible items 

Effect of income tax exemptions and reliefs 
 -
 
 -

Less: Effect of discontinued operations 

Total 

Deferred 
 
 -

Total 

Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

The
tax authority of the PRC government conducts periodic and ad hoc tax filing reviews on business enterprises operating in the PRC after
those enterprises complete their relevant tax filings. Therefore, the Company s PRC entities tax filings results are subject
to change. It is therefore uncertain as to whether the PRC tax authority may take different views about the Company s PRC entities 
tax filings, which may lead to additional tax liabilities. 

ASC
740 requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. The management
evaluated the Company s tax positions and concluded that no provision for uncertainty in income taxes was necessary as of December 31,
2023 and 2022. 

(b) Deferred Tax Assets 

The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood
of the realization of deferred tax assets, and reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the
extent it believes a portion will not be realized. Management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect the
Company s future realization of deferred tax assets including its recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation of future income,
the carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. 

F- 31 

MULIANG
VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC., SUBSIDIARIES, AND VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

NOTES
OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 32 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There
have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with
the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the Company s principal
executive officer and interim principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation,
and because of the material weaknesses described below, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and
board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. The framework used by management in making that assessment
was the criteria set forth in the document entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013 Framework ). Based on that assessment, based on that evaluation, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of December 31, 2023. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls
and that amounted to material weaknesses. 

The matters involving internal control over financial reporting that
our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack
of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on
our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
(2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives of having segregation of the initiation of transactions, the
recording of transactions and the custody of assets; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting
processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in connection
with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2023. 

To
address the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) discussed above, management performed additional analyses and other procedures
to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

87 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we plan to initiate,
the following series of measures: 

We
plan to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to
us. First, we plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives of having separate individuals perform
(i) the initiation of transactions, (ii) the recording of transactions and (iii) the custody of assets. Second, we will create a senior
position to focus on financial reporting and standardizing and documenting our accounting procedures with the goal of increasing the
effectiveness of the internal controls in preventing and detecting misstatements of accounting information. Third, we plan to appoint
one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning
audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such
as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy
the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. We did not implement the said remedial
measures during the period ended December 31, 2023. 

On
March 17, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the nomination of Vick Bathija, Guofu Zhang and Scott Silverman as independent directors,
as defined under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15), appointment of whom shall be effective upon approval of Company s application
to list on the Nasdaq Stock Market. In addition, the Board approved the adoption of the audit, compensation and nomination committees.
Mr. Bathija, Mr. Silverman and Mr. Zhang shall serve as the Chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee,
respectively. All appointment will be effective upon the Company s listing on Nasdaq. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over financial reporting 

No
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

88 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our directors, executive officers and significant employees: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lirong
 Wang 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Shaw
 Cheng David Chong 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Suisheng
 Jacky Hu 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott
 Silverman (1)(2)(3) 
 
 55 
 
 Independent
 Director Nominee; Chair of Audit Committee 
 
 Vick
 Bathija (1)(2)(3) 
 
 36 
 
 Independent
 Director Nominee; Chair of Compensation Committee 
 
 Guofu
 Zhang (1)(2)(3) 
 
 42 
 
 Independent
 Director Nominee; Chair of Nomination Committee 

The
 individual consents to be in such position upon Company s listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 (1) 
 Member
 nominees of the Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member
 nominees of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member
 nominees of the Nominating Committee 

Lirong
Wang has been the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since January 11, 2016. Mr. Wang has also been the Chairman and
CEO of Shanghai Muliang Industries Co., Ltd. since December 2006. From November 2002 to November 2006, Mr. Wang was general manager of
Shanghai Aoke Chemical Products Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang received his bachelor s degree in storage management from Harbin University
of Commerce in 1996. 

Shaw
Cheng David Chong has over 30 years working experience in medium and large private and publicly listed manufacturing
companies. Familiar with navigating China, US, Europe, Singapore and other capital markets, his expertise includes international financial
management, operations, auditing, funding, business development, internal control maintenance, corporate governance and investor relations.
He has qualifications in professional accountancy studies from ACCA (the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants). Mr. Chong was
China Financial Controller for Amtek Engineering Ltd (SGX: Amtek Engineering) from 1991 to 2006. From 2007 to 2010 he was Strategic Advisor
to both Yan Zhi Hong Shoe Manufacturer Ltd as well as China Recycling Energy Corporation (Nasdaq: CREG), and later in 2010 he became
CREG s Investor Relationship Director prior to assuming the role of Chief Financial Officer from 2011 to 2015, and reverting to
Strategic Advisor until May 2016. From May 2015 to March 2019, Mr. Chong served as the Managing Director (Asia) of Hover Energy LLC,
and concurrently from March 2016 to December 2016, he acted as Treasurer and Interim President of Nutrastar International. Mr. Chong
became board advisor to NexG Pte Ltd. in November 2016 and was subsequently appointed as Chief Financial Officer of NexG in January 2017
until April 2018, and Chief Financial Officer of Qourier from April 2018 to December 2019. 

Suisheng Jacky Hu has over
20 years of auditing and accounting working experience in Chinese NASDAQ and OTC publicly listed companies. His expertise includes international
financial management, operations, auditing, funding, internal control maintenance, and corporate governance. He has qualifications in
professional accountancy and internal control studies from the CMA (Certified Management Accountants), CIA (Certified Internal Auditor),
and CICPA(Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants). Mr. Hu earned his bachelor s and master s degrees in economics
from Shantou University of China. Mr. Hu served as an auditor in Ernst Young s Guangzhou Branch from July 2001 to September
2005 after his master s. He then served as the Financial Manager at Taiwan Horwath Consulting Group s Guangzhou Branch from
October 2005 to September 2010. Mr. Hu is currently focused on financial consulting for Chinese companies who are planning to IPO on
the U.S. securities market since October 2010. He was the financial consultant of the Company before his appointment as director. 

Scott
Silverman has over 25 years of business success on national and international levels, with a highly diverse knowledge of financial,
legal and operations management; public company management, accounting and SEC regulations. Mr. Silverman specializes in establishing
and streamlining back-office policies and procedures and implementing sound financial management and internal controls necessary for
enterprise growth and scalability. Mr. Silverman is currently a partner and CFO of VC Capital Holdings, a diversified PE firm with portfolio
investments in hospitality, healthcare and construction and engineering. Mr. Silverman has orchestrated investor exits for multiple companies,
including direct participation in taking 7 companies public. He has also assisted in raising over 35 million for client companies, both
public and private. He has a bachelor s degree in finance from George Washington University and a Master s degree in accounting
from NOVA Southeastern University. We believe Mr. Silverman would be a qualified independent director due to his public company experience. 

89 

Vick
Bathija has worked on many complex engagements ranging from audits, tax and consulting. He began his career at Holtz Rubenstein,
now known as Baker Tilly. He was in the audit/tax department where he grew into a senior role overseeing mid cap companies from an audit
and tax standpoint. After over 2 years at Ernst Young, he started his own practice, Commerce CPA, LLC. He has advised and service
several hundred clients ranging from startups to established companies. He has consulted and conducted audits for companies looking to
raise money in accordance with SEC regulations. He received a BBA in Accounting and a Masters in Taxation from Hofstra University. We
believe Mr. Bathija would be a qualified independent director due to his accounting and GAAP reporting expertise. 

Guofu
Zhang has served as Chief Financial Officer of AGM Group Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: AGMH) since the inception of the company. He was
a senior accounting consultant at China Customer Relations Centers, Inc. (Nasdaq: CCRC) from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Zhang earned his bachelor
degree in accounting from Renmin University of China. He is experienced in financial analysis, auditing, and accounting internal control.
He also has experience with IPOs when he helped both AGMH and CCRC list on NASDAQ in April 2018 and December 2015, respectively. We believe
Mr. Zhang would be a qualified independent director due to his public company accounting experience. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. 

Board
Committees 

We
plan to establish three committees under the board of directors: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee.
We have adopted a charter for each of the three committees. Copy of our committee charters are to be posted on our corporate investor
relations website prior to our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Each
committee s members and functions are described below. 

Audit
Committee. Our Audit Committee will consist of Vick Bathija, Scott Silverman and Guofu Zhang. Mr. Bathija will be the chairman of
our audit committee. We have determined that these directors satisfy the independence requirements of NASDAQ Rule 5605
and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bathija qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert and has the accounting or financial management expertise as required under Item 407(d)(5)(ii) and (iii) of
Regulation S-K. The audit committee will oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements
of our company. The audit committee will be responsible for, among other things: 

appointing
 the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; 

reviewing
 with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

discussing
 the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent auditors; 

reviewing
 the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures and any steps taken to monitor and
 control major financial risk exposures; 

reviewing
 and approving all proposed related party transactions; 

meeting
 separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and 

monitoring
 compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our procedures to
 ensure proper compliance. 

90 

Compensation
Committee. Our Compensation Committee will consist of Vick Bathija, Scott Silverman and Guofu Zhang. Mr. Zhang will be the chairman
of our compensation committee. The compensation committee will assist the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure,
including all forms of compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers. Our chief executive officer may not be present
at any committee meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The compensation committee will be responsible for, among other
things: 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for our chief executive officer and other executive
 officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending to the shareholders for determination with respect to the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing
 periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or similar arrangements; and 

selecting
 compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into consideration all factors relevant to that person s
 independence from management. 

Nomination
Committee. Our Nomination Committee will consist of Vick Bathija, Scott Silverman and Guofu Zhang. Mr. Silverman will be the chairman
of our nomination committee. The nomination committee will assist the board of directors in selecting individuals qualified to become
our directors and in determining the composition of the board and its committees. The nomination committee will be responsible for, among
other things: 

selecting
 and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or appointment by the board; 

reviewing
 annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics such as independence, knowledge, skills,
 experience and diversity; 

making
 recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the functioning of the committees of the board; and 

advising
 the board periodically with regards to significant developments in the law and practice of corporate governance as well as our compliance
 with applicable laws and regulations, and making recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any remedial
 action to be taken. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Certain
Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, no director, nominee for director, or executive officer of the Company has been a party in any legal proceeding material
to an evaluation of his ability or integrity during the past ten years. 

Code
of Ethics 

On
March 17, 2020, the Company adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its directors, officers, and employees. 

91 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth the compensation earned by our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Lirong Wang 
 2023 
 16,967 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 16,967 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 2022 
 17,840 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 17,840 

Shaw Cheng David Chong 
 2023 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 0 

Suisheng Jacky Hu (2) 
 2023 
 8,483 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Nunissait Tjandra (1) 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2022 
 48,547 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 48,547 

Vick Bathija 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Independent Director Nominee 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Scott Silverman 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Independent Director Nominee 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Guofu Zhang 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Independent Director Nominee 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Appointed during fiscal year 2020 
 
 (1) 
 Resigned during fiscal year 2023 
 
 (2) 
 Appointed during fiscal year 2023 

Compensation
of Directors 

We have entered into director offer letters with
each of our independent director nominees. Upon Company s listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market, we plan to pay our independent director
nominee Vick Bathija with an annual cash compensation of 40,000, our independent director nominee Scott Silverman with an annual cash
compensation of 30,000 and our independent director nominee Guofu Zhang with an annual cash compensation of 20,000. In addition, for
each year of service upon our listing on Nasdaq Capital Market, we will issue to Mr. Bathija, Mr. Silverman and Mr. Zhang stock option
for up to 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000 shares, respectively, exercisable at an exercise price of 4.00 for three years from the date of issuance.
We will also reimburse all directors for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with their services provided in such
capacity. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not have any non-employee directors. 

Employment
Agreements 

We have entered into employment agreements with
each of our executive officers. Each of them is employed for a specified time period. We may terminate employment for cause, at any time,
without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive officer. We may also terminate an executive officer s
employment without cause upon advance written notice. The executive officer and employee director may resign at any time with an advance
written notice. 

The Company has entered into an employment agreement
with our Chief Executive Officer, Lirong Wang. Mr. Wang is entitled to an annual base salary of USD 16,967 (RMB10,000) for each calendar
year on a pro-rated basis, payable on the twenty-fifth day of each month. 

The Company has entered into an employment agreement with our Chief
Financial Officer, Shaw Cheng David Chong. Mr. Chong is entitled to an annual base salary of USD 10,000 for each calendar
year, payable commencing on the date of Company s listing on a national exchange. In addition, (a) the Company shall issue 25,000
of restricted common stock upon the commencement of his employment, with an annual compensation in cash of 100,000, payable monthly upon
Company s listing on a national exchange; (b) additional 25,000 common stock upon Company s successful listing on a national
exchange; and (c) during the executive s term, the Company will reimburse for all reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses incurred
by the executive in attending any in-person meetings, provided that the executive complies with the generally applicable policies, practices
and procedures of the Company for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation of such expenses. 

92 

Option
Grants 

We had no outstanding equity awards as of the
end of fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option
Value Table 

There were no stock options exercised during fiscal
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 by the executive officers. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

We had no outstanding equity awards as of the
end of fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards 

There were no awards made to a named executive officer in fiscal 2023
and 2022 under any long-term incentive plan. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table provides information as to shares of common stock beneficially owned as of the date of this report, by: 

each
 director; 

each
 named executive officer; 

each
 person known by us to beneficially own at least 5 of our common stock; and 

all
 directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and
entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned (subject to community
property laws where applicable). Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is 2498 Wanfeng Highway,
Lane 181, Fengjing Town, Jinshan District, Shanghai, China. 

Name of Beneficial Owners 
 # of Common Stock 
 (1) 
 # of Preferred Stock (2) (3) 
 
 of Total Voting Power 
 
 Lirong Wang 
 5,779,281 
 30.16 
 9,500,000 
 100 
 88.03 
 
 Shaw Cheng David Chong 
 86,849 
 
 0 
 0 

Suisheng Jacky Hu 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 

All officers and directors as a group (1 person) 
 5,893,305 
 30.47 
 9,500,000 
 100 
 88.30 
 
 Other 5 shareholders: 

Huinuo Wang 
 1,000,000 
 5.19 
 0 
 0 

less
 than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Applicable percentages are based on 19,251,657 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Excluding
 the 9,500,000 shares of common stock, beneficially owned by Lirong Wang, being exchanging into 9,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred
 Stock. 
 
 (3) 
 Each
 share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to voting power equal to ten shares of common stock. 

93 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Independence
of the Board of Directors 

For
a director to be independent under these standards, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no material
relationship with us, either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us. Applying
corporate governance standards, and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors has determined that none
of our directors are independent. This does not constitute an independent board of directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for each of the last
two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial
statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K or 10-Q or services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings was 107,000 and 121,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

The Company understood fees related to services
rendered by our financial consultant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Effective
May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any
auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 

approved
 by our audit committee; or 

entered
 into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are
 detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include
 delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

We
do not have an audit committee. Our sole director preapproves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm.
However, all of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the sole board member for the respective services were rendered. 

94 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

The
audited balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2023, the related statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, the footnotes thereto, and the report of WWC, P.C., independent
auditors, are filed herewith. 

(2)
Financial Schedules: 

None 

Financial
statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is included in the financial
statements or notes hereto. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report. 

(b)
The following are exhibits to this Report and, if incorporated by reference, we have indicated the document previously filed with the
SEC in which the exhibit was included. 

Certain
of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Report contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have
been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
 disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

95 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 (3) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada on April 5, 2019 
 
 3.3 (3) 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada on April 16, 2019 
 
 3.3 (4) 
 
 Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada on October 30, 2019 
 
 3.4 (2) 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 3.5 (7) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada on June 26, 2020 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 (4) 
 
 Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement between Mr. Lirong Wang and the Company dated on October 10, 2019. 
 
 10.2 (4) 
 
 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement between Mr. Lirong Wang and the Company dated November 11, 2019 
 
 10.3 (5) 
 
 Director Offer Letter between the Company and Vick Bathija dated March 19, 2020 
 
 10.4 (5) 
 
 Director Offer Letter between the Company and Scott Silverman dated March 19, 2020 
 
 10.5 (5) 
 
 Director Offer Letter between the Company and Guofu Zhang dated March 19, 2020 
 
 10.6 (6) 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement between the Company and Viagoo Pte Ltd. dated June 19, 2020 
 
 10.7 (6) 
 
 Earnout Agreement among the Company, Viagoo Pte Ltd. and Shareholders of Viagoo Pte Ltd. dated June 19, 2020 
 
 10.8 (6) 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and David Chong Shaw Cheng dated June 19, 2020 
 
 10.9 (8) 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 2022 by and between Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. and Viagoo Inc. 
 
 10.10 (8) 
 
 Promissory Note by and between Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. and Viagoo Inc. Ltd. 
 
 14.1 (5) 
 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policies 
 
 21.1 (9) 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1+ 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2+ 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 (5) 
 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 
 99.2 (5) 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 99.3 (5) 
 
 Nomination Committee Charter 
 
 97.1 
 
 Executive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 101. INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101. SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101. CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101. DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101. LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101. PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 5, 2015. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Amendment No.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 19, 2015. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2019. 

(4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019. 

(5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2020. 

(6) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2020. 

(7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020. 

(8)
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2022. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
filed with the SEC on December 9, 2020. 

Filed
 herewith. 

+ 
 In
 accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and not filed. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

96 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 20, 2024 

Muliang
 Viagoo Technology, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Lirong Wang 

Lirong
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Shaw Cheng David Chong 

Shaw
 Cheng David Chong 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lirong Wang 
 
 Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 
 Lirong Wang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shaw Cheng David Chong 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 
 Shaw Cheng David Chong 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Suisheng Jacky Hu 
 
 Director 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 
 Suisheng Jacky Hu 

97 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ea020387001ex4-1_muliangvia.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Authorized Stock 

The Company has authorized
500,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.0001 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy,
on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. 

On April 5, 2019, the Company
filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the creation
of Blank Check Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital stock of the Company consisted of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001
par value, and 100,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock after the filling. 

On October 30, 2019, 30,000,000
shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the 100,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. 

On February 24, 2023, our
Board of Directors declared a two-for-one reverse stock split of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital
stock of the Company consisted of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred
stock after the filling. 

Common Share Issuances 

On June 29, 2018, the outstanding
amount 326,348 due to Mr. Wang, CEO and Chairman of the Company, were converted into 43,200 shares of Common Shares at 7.55 per share. 

On June 29, 2018 the Company
issued 298,518 common shares of the Company at 7.55 for proceeds of 2,255,111 to Mr. Wang, CEO and Chairman of the Company. 

On April 4, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved a 5 to 1 reverse stock split of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued as a result of the reverse stock
split. The Stock Split does not affect the par value or the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. 

On April 16, 2019, the Company
filed a Certificate of Change to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to reflect the Reverse
stock Split. The reverse stock split took effect on May 7, 2019. The common shares outstanding have been retroactively restated to reflect
the reverse stock split. 

On October 10, 2019 and November
1, 2019, the Company issued a total of 19,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Wang, the CEO and Chairman of the Company,
in exchange for 19,000,000 shares of common stock beneficially owned by him. Following the transaction, 19,000,000 shares of common stock
were cancelled and returned to treasury. 

On June 19, 2020, Muliang
Agritech Inc. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Viagoo Pte Ltd. Viagoo and all the shareholders of Viagoo for
the acquisition of 100 equity interest of Viagoo. 

Pursuant to the Share Exchange
Agreement, Muliang shall purchase from Viagoo Shareholders all of Viagoo Shareholder s right, title and interest in and to the Viagoo s
capital stock. The aggregate purchase price for the Shares shall be US 2,830,800, payable in 1,011,000 shares of the Company s restricted
common stock, valued at 2.80 per share. 

On June 28, 2020, the Company
issued 50,000 of restricted common stock as the compensation for Shaw Cheng David Chong, the new Chief Financial Officer
of the Company. 

On February 24, 2023, our
Board of Directors declared a two-for-one reverse stock split of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital
stock of the Company consisted of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value after the filling. 

As of December 31, 2023, there
were 19,251,657 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Blank Check Preferred Stock 

On
April 4, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved creation of one hundred million (100,000,000)
shares of Blank Check Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, as the same
now exists or may hereafter be amended or supplemented, the Board of Directors may fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences
or other variations of each class or series within each class of preferred stock of the Company. The Company may issue the shares of stock
for such consideration as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

On April 5, 2019, the Company
filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to authorize the
creation of Blank Check Preferred Stock. 

On October 30, 2019, 30,000,000
shares were designated to be Series A Preferred Stock out of the 100,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. 

On February 24, 2023, our
Board of Directors declared a two-for-one reverse stock split of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital
stock of the Company consisted of 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On October 30, 2019, the Company s
Board of Directors and majority shareholder approved to designate 30,000,000 shares as Series A Preferred Stock out of the 100,000,000
shares of blank check preferred stock, which the preferences and relative and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof, shall be set forth in the discussion below under the Series A Preferred Stock . A certificate of designation for
the Series A Preferred Stock was filed with the Secretary of the State of the State of Nevada on October 30, 2019. 

The holders of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

The Series A Preferred Stock
shall not be subject to conversion into Common Stock or other equity authorized to be issued by the Corporation. 

The holders of the issued
and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have voting rights equal to ten (10) shares of Common Stock for each share of
Series A Preferred Stock. 

On November 1, 2019, the Company
issued a total of 19,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Wang, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, in exchange for 19,000,000
shares of common stock beneficially owned by him. Following the transaction, 19,000,000 shares of common stock were cancelled and returned
to treasury. 

On February 24, 2023, our
Board of Directors declared a two-for-one reverse stock split of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, the capital
stock of the Company consisted of 15,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock out of 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. 

As of December 31, 2023, there
were 9,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Convertible Notes and Warrants 

On February 16, 2021, we sold
to a non-U.S. investor a 14,960 convertible note that may be converted into 5,342 shares of our common stock at a price of 2.80 per
share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 1,336 warrants that can be exercised for three years to our
common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. 

On May 20, 2021, we sold to
a non-U.S. investor a 231,839 (or RMB 1,5000,000) convertible note that may be converted into 68,188 shares of our common stock at a
price of 3.40 per share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 17,047 warrants that can be exercised for
three years to our common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. 

On June 24, 2021, we sold
to a non-U.S. investor a 204,000 (or SGD 271,320) convertible note that may be converted into 60,000 shares of our common stock at a
price of 3.40 per share. In conjunction with the convertible note, we issued to the investor 15,000 warrants that can be exercised for
three years to our common stock at an exercise price of 4.80. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The
Transfer Agent for our common stock is West Coast Stock Transfer Co., located at 721 N. Vulcan Ave., Suite 205, Encinitas, CA 92024. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 ea020387001ex19-1_muliangvia.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICIES

Exhibit 19.1 

Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc. 

Insider Trading Policy 

This Insider Trading Policy describes the standards
of Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company on trading, and causing the trading of, the Company s
securities or securities of certain other publicly traded companies while in possession of confidential information. This Policy is divided
into two parts: the first part prohibits trading in certain circumstances and applies to all directors, officers and employees and their
respective immediate family members of the Company and the second part imposes special additional trading restrictions and applies to
all (i) directors of the Company, (ii) executive officers of the Company (together with the directors, Company Insiders , and (iii) certain other employees that the Company may designate from time to time as Covered Persons because of their position,
responsibilities or their actual or potential access to material information. 

One of the principal purposes of the federal securities
laws is to prohibit so-called insider trading. Simply stated, insider trading occurs when a person uses material nonpublic
information obtained through involvement with the Company to make decisions to purchase, sell, give away or otherwise trade the Company s
securities or the securities of certain other companies or to provide that information to others outside the Company. The prohibitions
against insider trading apply to trades, tips and recommendations by virtually any person, including all persons associated with the Company,
if the information involved is material and nonpublic. These terms are defined in this Policy under Part I, Section
3 below. The prohibitions would apply to any director, officer or employee who buys or sells securities on the basis of material nonpublic
information that he or she obtained about the Company, its customers, suppliers, partners, competitors or other companies with which the
Company has contractual relationships or may be negotiating transactions. 

PART I 

1. Applicability 

This Policy applies to all trading or other transactions
in (i) the Company s securities, including common stock, options and any other securities that the Company may issue, such as preferred
stock, notes, bonds and convertible securities, as well as to derivative securities relating to any of the Company s securities, whether
or not issued by the Company and (ii) the securities of certain other companies, including common stock, options and other securities
issued by those companies as well as derivative securities relating to any of those companies securities. 

This Policy applies to all employees of the Company,
all officers of the Company and all members of the Company s board of directors, officers, employees, and their respective family members. 

2. General Policy: No Trading or Causing
Trading While in Possession of Material Nonpublic Information 

(a)
 No director, officer or employee or any of their immediate family members may purchase or sell, or offer to purchase or sell,
any Company security, whether or not issued by the Company, while in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. (The
terms material and nonpublic are defined in Part I, Section 3(a) and (b) below.) 

(b)
 No director, officer or employee or any of their immediate family members who knows of any material nonpublic information about
the Company may communicate that information to tip any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise
disclose such information without the Company s authorization. 

(c)
 No director, officer or employee or any of their immediate family members may purchase or sell any security of any other publicly-traded
company while in possession of material nonpublic information that was obtained in the course of his or her involvement with the Company.
No director, officer or employee or any of their immediate family members who knows of any such material nonpublic information may communicate
that information to, or tip, any other person, including family members and friends, or otherwise disclose such information without the
Company s authorization. 

(d)
 For compliance purposes, you should never trade, tip or recommend securities (or otherwise cause the purchase or sale of securities)
while in possession of information that you have reason to believe is material and nonpublic unless you first consult with, and obtain
the advance approval of, the Compliance Officer (which is defined in Part I, Section 3(c) below). 

(e)
 Covered Persons must pre-clear all trading in securities of the Company in accordance with the procedures set forth
in Part II, Section 3 below. 

3. Definitions 

(a) Material. Insider trading restrictions
come into play only if the information you possess is material. Materiality, however, involves a relatively low threshold.
Information is generally regarded as material if it has market significance, that is, if its public dissemination is likely
to affect the market price of securities, or if it otherwise is information that a reasonable investor would want to know before making
an investment decision. 

Information dealing with the following subjects
is reasonably likely to be found material in particular situations: 

(i) significant changes in the Company s prospects; 

(ii) significant write-downs in assets or increases
in reserves; 

(iii) developments regarding significant litigation
or government agency investigations; 

(iv) liquidity problems; 

(v) changes in earnings estimates or unusual gains
or losses in major operations; 

(vi) major changes in the Company s management
or the board of directors; 

(vii) changes in dividends; 

(viii) extraordinary borrowings; 

(ix) major changes in accounting methods or policies; 

(x) award or loss of a significant contract; 

(xi) cybersecurity risks and incidents, including
vulnerabilities and breaches; 

2 

(xii) changes in debt ratings; 

(xiii) proposals, plans or agreements, even if
preliminary in nature, involving mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, recapitalizations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements,
or purchases or sales of substantial assets; and 

(xiv) offerings of Company securities. 

Material information is not limited to historical
facts but may also include projections and forecasts. With respect to a future event, such as a merger, acquisition or introduction of
a new product, the point at which negotiations or product development are determined to be material is determined by balancing the probability
that the event will occur against the magnitude of the effect the event would have on a company s operations or stock price should it
occur. Thus, information concerning an event that would have a large effect on stock price, such as a merger, may be material even if
the possibility that the event will occur is relatively small. When in doubt about whether particular nonpublic information is material,
you should presume it is material. If you are unsure whether information is material, you should either consult the Compliance Officer
before making any decision to disclose such information (other than to persons who need to know it) or to trade in or recommend securities
to which that information relates or assume that the information is material. 

(b) Nonpublic. Insider trading prohibitions
come into play only when you possess information that is material and nonpublic. The fact that information has been disclosed
to a few members of the public does not make it public for insider trading purposes. To be public the information must have
been disseminated in a manner designed to reach investors generally, and the investors must be given the opportunity to absorb the information.
Even after public disclosure of information about the Company, you must wait until the close of business on the second trading day after
the information was publicly disclosed before you can treat the information as public. 

Nonpublic information may include: 

(i) information available to a select group of
analysts or brokers or institutional investors; 

(ii) undisclosed facts that are the subject of
rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

(iii) information that has been entrusted to the
Company on a confidential basis until a public announcement of the information has been made and enough time has elapsed for the market
to respond to a public announcement of the information, normally two trading days. 

As with questions of materiality, if you are
not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult with the Compliance Officer or assume that the information
is nonpublic and treat it as confidential. 

(c) Compliance Officer. The Company
has appointed the Cheif Financial Officer as the Compliance Officer for this Policy. The duties of the Compliance Officer include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

(i) assisting with implementation and enforcement
of this Policy; 

(ii) circulating this Policy to all employees
and ensuring that this Policy is amended as necessary to remain up-to-date with insider trading laws; 

(iii) pre-clearing all trading in securities of
the Company by Covered Persons in accordance with the procedures set forth in Part II, Section 3 below; and 

3 

(iv) providing approval of any Rule 10b5-1 plans
under Part II, Section 1(c) below and any prohibited transactions under Part II, Section 4 below. 

(v) providing a reporting system with an effective
whistleblower protection mechanism. 

4. Exceptions 

The trading restrictions of this Policy do not
apply to options. Exercising stock options granted under the Company s current or future equity incentive plans or option plans for cash
or the delivery of previously owned Company stock. However, the sale of any shares issued on the exercise of Company-granted stock options
and any cashless exercise of Company-granted stock options are subject to trading restrictions under this Policy. 

5. Violations of Insider Trading Laws 

Penalties for trading on or communicating material
nonpublic information can be severe, both for individuals involved in such unlawful conduct and their employers and supervisors, and may
include jail terms, criminal fines, civil penalties, and civil enforcement injunctions. Given the severity of the potential penalties,
compliance with this Policy is absolutely mandatory. 

(a) Legal Penalties. A person who
violates insider trading laws by engaging in transactions in a company s securities when he or she has material nonpublic information
can be sentenced to a substantial jail term and required to pay a criminal penalty of several times the amount of profits gained or losses
avoided. 

In addition, a person who tips others may also
be liable for transactions by the tippees to whom he or she has disclosed material nonpublic information. Tippers can be subject to the
same penalties and sanctions as the tippees, and the SEC has imposed large penalties even when the tipper did not profit from the transaction. 

The SEC can also seek substantial civil penalties
from any person who, at the time of an insider trading violation, directly or indirectly controlled the person who committed such
violation, which would apply to the Company and/or management and supervisory personnel. These control persons may be held liable
for up to the greater of 1 million or three times the amount of the profits gained or losses avoided. Even for violations that result
in a small or no profit, the SEC can seek penalties from a company and/or its management and supervisory personnel as control persons. 

(b) Company-Imposed Penalties. Employees
who violate this Policy may be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, including dismissal for cause. Any exceptions to the Policy,
if permitted, may only be granted by the Compliance Officer and must be provided before any activity contrary to the above requirements
takes place. 

6. Inquiries 

If you have any questions regarding any of the
provisions of this Policy, please contact the Compliance Officer at: 

Address: 2498 Wanfeng Highway, Lane 181 Fengjing
Town, Jinshan District, Shanghai, China 201501 

Phone Number: +86-21 67355092 

4 

PART II 

1. Blackout Periods 

All Covered Persons are prohibited from trading
in the Company s securities during blackout periods as defined below. 

(a) Quarterly Blackout Periods. 
Trading in the Company s securities is prohibited during the period beginning at the close of the market on two weeks before the end of
each fiscal quarter and ending at the close of business on the second trading day following the date the Company s financial results are
publicly disclosed. During these periods, Covered Persons generally possess or are presumed to possess material nonpublic information
about the Company s financial results. 

(b) Other Blackout Periods. From
time to time, other types of material nonpublic information regarding the Company (such as negotiation of mergers, acquisitions or dispositions,
investigation and assessment of cybersecurity incidents or new product developments) may be pending and not be publicly disclosed. While
such material nonpublic information is pending, the Company may impose special blackout periods during which Covered Persons are prohibited
from trading in the Company s securities. If the Company imposes a special blackout period, it will notify the Covered Persons affected. 

(c) Exception. These trading restrictions
do not apply to transactions under a pre-existing written plan, contract, instruction, or arrangement under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (an Approved 10b5-1 Plan that: 

(i) has been reviewed and approved at least one
month in advance of any trades thereunder by the Compliance Officer (or, if revised or amended, such revisions or amendments have been
reviewed and approved by the Compliance Officer at least one month in advance of any subsequent trades); 

(ii) was entered into in good faith by the Covered
Person at a time when the Covered Person was not in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company; and 

(iii) gives a third party the discretionary authority
to execute such purchases and sales, outside the control of the Covered Person, so long as such third party does not possess any material
nonpublic information about the Company; or explicitly specifies the security or securities to be purchased or sold, the number of shares,
the prices and/or dates of transactions, or other formula(s) describing such transactions. 

2. Trading Window 

Covered Persons are permitted to trade in the
Company s securities when no blackout period is in effect. Generally, this means that Covered Persons can trade during the period beginning
on DAY THAT BLACKOUT PERIOD UNDER SECTION 1(A) ENDS and ending on DAY THAT NEXT BLACKOUT PERIOD UNDER SECTION 1(A) BEGINS. However, even
during this trading window, a Covered Person who is in possession of any material nonpublic information should not trade in the Company s
securities until the information has been made publicly available or is no longer material. In addition, the Company may close this trading
window if a special blackout period under Part II, Section 1(b) above is imposed and will re-open the trading window once the special
blackout period has ended. 

5 

3. Pre-Clearance of Securities Transactions 

(a)
 Because Company Insiders are likely to obtain material nonpublic information on a regular basis, the Company requires all such
persons to refrain from trading, even during a trading window under Part II, Section 2 above, without first pre-clearing all transactions
in the Company s securities. 

(b)
 Subject to the exemption in subsection (d) below, no Company Insider may, directly or indirectly, purchase or sell (or otherwise
make any transfer, gift, pledge or loan of) any Company security at any time without first obtaining prior approval from the Compliance
Officer. These procedures also apply to transactions by such person s spouse, other persons living in such person s household and
minor children and to transactions by entities over which such person exercises control. 

(c)
 The Compliance Officer shall record the date each request is received and the date and time each request is approved or disapproved.
Unless revoked, a grant of permission will normally remain valid until the close of trading two business days following the day on which
it was granted. If the transaction does not occur during the two-day period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested. 

(d)
 Pre-clearance is not required for purchases and sales of securities under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan. With respect to any purchase
or sale under an Approved 10b5-1 Plan, the third party effecting transactions on behalf of the Company Insider should be instructed to
send duplicate confirmations of all such transactions to the Compliance Officer. 

4. Prohibited Transactions 

(a)
 Company Insiders are prohibited from trading in the Company s equity securities during a blackout period imposed under an individual
account retirement or pension plan of the Company, during which at least 50 of the plan participants are unable to purchase, sell
or otherwise acquire or transfer an interest in equity securities of the Company, due to a temporary suspension of trading by the Company
or the plan fiduciary. 

(b)
 Covered Persons, including any person s spouse, other persons living in such person s household and minor children and entities
over which such person exercises control, are prohibited from engaging in the following transactions in the Company s securities unless
advance approval is obtained from the Compliance Officer: 

(i)
Short-term trading. Company Insiders who purchase Company securities may not sell any Company securities of the same class
for at least six months after the purchase; 

(ii)
Short sales. Company Insiders/Covered Persons may not sell the Company s securities short; 

(iii)
Options trading. Covered Persons may not buy or sell puts or calls or other derivative securities on the Company s securities; 

(iv)
Trading on margin or pledging. Covered Persons may not hold Company securities in a margin account or pledge Company securities
as collateral for a loan; and 

(v)
Hedging. Covered Persons may not enter into hedging or monetization transactions or similar arrangements with respect to Company
securities. 

5. Acknowledgment and Certification 

All Covered Persons are required to sign the attached
acknowledgment and certification. 

6 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION 

The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt
of the Company s Insider Trading Policy. The undersigned has read and understands (or has had explained) such Policy and agrees to be
governed by such Policy at all times in connection with the purchase and sale of securities and the confidentiality of nonpublic information. 

(Signature) 

(Please print name) 

Date: ________________________ 

APPENDIX A 

[INSERT LIST OF EMPLOYEES TO WHOM THE INSIDER TRADING POLICY IS APPLICABLE] 

7 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ea020387001ex31-1_muliangvia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lirong Wang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Muliang Viagoo
Technology Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

MULIANG VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC. 

Date: November 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Lirong Wang 

Lirong Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ea020387001ex31-2_muliangvia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shaw Cheng David Chong, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Muliang Viagoo
Technology Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

MULIANG VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY INC. 

Date: November 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaw Cheng David 
 Chong 

Shaw Cheng David Chong 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ea020387001ex32-1_muliangvia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lirong Wang, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Lirong Wang 

Lirong Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ea020387001ex32-2_muliangvia.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Shaw Cheng David Chong, certify, pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Muliang Viagoo Technology Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 20, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shaw Cheng David 
 Chong 

Shaw Cheng David Chong 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 8
 ea020387001ex97-1_muliangvia.htm
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

Exhibit 97.1 

MULIANG VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 

This policy of MULIANG VIAGOO TECHNOLOGY, INC.
(the Company outlines the Company s Covered Officers (as defined herein) and explains when the Company will
be required or authorized, as applicable, to seek recovery of Incentive Compensation (as defined herein) awarded or paid to Covered Officers
(the Policy ). Please refer to Exhibit A attached hereto (the Definitions Exhibit for
the definitions of capitalized terms used throughout this Policy. 

1. Miscalculation of Financial Performance Measure Results. In the event of a Restatement, the Company
will seek to recover, reasonably promptly, all Recoverable Incentive Compensation from a Covered Officer during the Applicable Period.
Such recovery, in the case of a Restatement, will be made without regard to any individual knowledge or responsibility related to the
Restatement or the Recoverable Incentive Compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is required to undertake a Restatement,
the Company will not be required to recover the Recoverable Incentive Compensation if the Compensation Committee determines it Impracticable
to do so, after exercising a normal due process review of all the relevant facts and circumstances. 

the Company will seek to recover all
Recoverable Incentive Compensation that was awarded or paid in accordance with the definition of Recoverable Incentive Compensation 
set forth on the Definitions Exhibit. If such Recoverable Incentive Compensation was not awarded or paid on a formulaic basis, the Company
will seek to recover the amount that the Compensation Committee determines in good faith should be recouped. 

2. Legal and Compliance Violations . Compliance with the law and the Company s Standards of Business
Conduct and other corporate policies is a pre-condition to earning Incentive Compensation. If the Company in its sole discretion concludes
that a Covered Officer (1) committed a significant legal or compliance violation in connection with the Covered Officer s employment,
including a violation of the Company s corporate policies or the Company s Standards of Business Conduct (each, Misconduct ),
or (2) was aware of or willfully blind to Misconduct that occurred in an area over which the Covered Officer had supervisory authority,
the Company may, at the direction of the Compensation Committee, seek recovery of all or a portion of the Recoverable Incentive Compensation
awarded or paid to the Covered Officer for the Applicable Period in which the violation occurred. In addition, the Company may, at the
direction of the Compensation Committee, conclude that any unpaid or unvested Incentive Compensation has not been earned and must be forfeited. 

In the event of Misconduct, the Company
may seek recovery of Recoverable Incentive Compensation even if the Misconduct did not result in an award or payment greater than would
have been awarded or paid absent the Misconduct. 

In the event of Misconduct, in determining
whether to seek recovery and the amount, if any, by which the payment or award should be reduced, the Compensation Committee may consider among
other things the seriousness of the Misconduct, whether the Covered Officer was unjustly enriched, whether seeking the recovery
would prejudice the Company s interests in any way, including in a proceeding or investigation, and any other factors it deems relevant
to the determination. 

1 

3. Other Actions . The Compensation Committee may, subject to applicable law, seek recovery in the
manner it chooses, including by seeking reimbursement from the Covered Officer of all or part of the compensation awarded or paid, by
electing to withhold unpaid compensation, by set-off, or by rescinding or canceling unvested stock. 

In the reasonable
exercise of its business judgment under this Policy, the Compensation Committee may in its sole discretion determine whether and to what
extent additional action is appropriate to address the circumstances surrounding a Restatement or Misconduct to minimize the likelihood
of any recurrence and to impose such other discipline as it deems appropriate. 

4. No Indemnification or Reimbursement . Notwithstanding the terms of any other policy, program, agreement
or arrangement, in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates indemnify or reimburse a Covered Officer for any loss under this
Policy and in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates pay premiums on any insurance policy that would cover a Covered Officer s
potential obligations with respect to Recoverable Incentive Compensation under this Policy. 

5. Administration of Policy . The Compensation Committee will have full authority to administer this
Policy. Actions of the Compensation Committee pursuant to this Policy will be taken by the vote of a majority of its members. The Compensation
Committee will, subject to the provisions of this Policy and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and the Company s applicable exchange listing standards, make such determinations and interpretations and take
such actions in connection with this Policy as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made
by the Compensation Committee will be final, binding and conclusive. 

6. Other Claims and Rights . The remedies under this Policy are in addition to, and not in lieu of,
any legal and equitable claims the Company or any of its affiliates may have or any actions that may be imposed by law enforcement agencies,
regulators, administrative bodies, or other authorities. Further, the exercise by the Compensation Committee of any rights pursuant to
this Policy will not impact any other rights that the Company or any of its affiliates may have with respect to any Covered Officer subject
to this Policy. 

7. Condition to Eligibility for Incentive Compensation . All Incentive Compensation subject to this
Policy will not be earned, even if already paid, until the Policy ceases to apply to such Incentive Compensation and any other vesting
conditions applicable to such Incentive Compensation are satisfied. 

8. Amendment; Termination . The Board or the Compensation Committee may amend or terminate this Policy
at any time. 

9. Effectiveness . Except as otherwise determined in writing by the Board or the Compensation Committee,
this Policy will apply to any Incentive Compensation that (a) in the case of any Restatement, is Received by Covered Officers prior to,
on or following the Effective Date, and (b) in the case of Misconduct, is awarded or paid to a Covered Officer on or after the Effective
Date. This Policy will survive and continue notwithstanding any termination of a Covered Officer s employment with the Company and
its affiliates. 

10. Successors . This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Officers and their
successors, beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 

11. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by U.S. federal law, this Policy will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 

2 

EXHIBIT A 

Definitions Pertaining to 

 The Executive Compensation Recovery Policy 

 of Muliang Viagoo Technology, Inc. 

Applicable Period means (a)
in the case of any Restatement, the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date the
Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required,
concludes (or reasonably should have concluded) that a Restatement is required or (ii) the date a regulator, court or other legally authorized
entity directs the Company to undertake a Restatement, and (b) in the case of any Misconduct, such period as the Compensation Committee
or Board determines to be appropriate in light of the scope and nature of the Misconduct. The Applicable Period also includes
any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed
fiscal years identified in the preceding sentence. 

Board means the Board of
Directors of the Company. 

Compensation Committee means
the Company s committee of independent directors responsible for executive compensation decisions, or in the absence of such a committee,
a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board. 

Covered Officer means (a)
in the case of any Restatement, any person who is, or was at any time, during the Applicable Period, an Executive Officer of the Company,
and (b) in the case of any Misconduct, any person who was an Executive Officer at the time of the Misconduct. For the avoidance of doubt,
a Covered Officer may include a former Executive Officer that left the Company, retired, or transitioned to an employee role (including
after serving as an Executive Officer in an interim capacity) during the Applicable Period. 

Effective Date means December
1, 2023. 

Executive Officer means the
Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller),
any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other
officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person (including an officer of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries)
who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. 

Financial Performance Measure 
means a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial
statements (including non-GAAP financial measures, such as those appearing in the Company s earnings releases or Management
Discussion and Analysis), and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure. Stock price and total shareholder return
(and any measures derived wholly or in part therefrom) shall be considered Financial Performance Measures. 

Impracticable . The Compensation
Committee may determine in good faith that recovery of Recoverable Incentive Compensation is Impracticable (a) in the case
of any Restatement, if: (i) pursuing such recovery would violate the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company where that
law was adopted prior to October 2, 2023 and the Company provides an opinion of counsel to that effect acceptable to the Company s
listing exchange; (ii) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the Recoverable Incentive
Compensation and the Company has (A) made a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts and (B) provided documentation of such attempts
to recover to the Company s applicable listing exchange; or (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement
plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and (b) in the case of any Misconduct, in its sole discretion, in light of the scope and nature of the Misconduct. 

A- 1 

Incentive Compensation means
any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Performance Measure. Incentive
Compensation does not include any base salaries (except with respect to any salary increases earned wholly or in part based on the attainment
of a Financial Performance Measure performance goal); bonuses paid solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee or Board that
are not paid from a bonus pool that is determined by satisfying a Financial Performance Measure performance goal; bonuses
paid solely upon satisfying one or more subjective standards and/or completion of a specified employment period; non-equity incentive
plan awards earned solely upon satisfying one or more strategic measures or operational measures; and equity awards that vest solely based
on the passage of time and/or attaining one or more non-Financial Performance Measures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
any Misconduct, Incentive Compensation will include all forms of cash and equity incentive compensation, including, without limitation,
cash bonuses and equity awards that are received or vest solely based on the passage of time and/or attaining one or more non-Financial
Performance Measures. 

Received . Incentive Compensation
is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Performance Measure specified in the
Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 

Recoverable Incentive Compensation 
means (a) in the case of any Restatement, the amount of any Incentive Compensation (calculated on a pre-tax basis) Received by a Covered
Officer during the Applicable Period that is in excess of the amount that otherwise would have been Received if the calculation were based
on the Restatement, and (b) in the case of any Misconduct, the amount of any Incentive Compensation (calculated on a pre-tax basis) awarded
or paid to a Covered Officer during the Applicable Period that the Compensation Committee determines, in its sole discretion, to be appropriate
in light of the scope and nature of the Misconduct. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any Restatement, Recoverable Incentive
Compensation does not include any Incentive Compensation Received by a person (i) before such person began service as a Covered Officer
and (ii) who did not serve as a Covered Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Compensation. For the avoidance
of doubt, in the case of any Restatement, Recoverable Incentive Compensation may include Incentive Compensation Received by a person while
serving as an employee if such person previously served as a Covered Officer and then transitioned to an employee role. For Incentive
Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation
is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Restatement, the amount will be determined
by the Compensation Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder
return upon which the Incentive Compensation was Received (in which case, the Company will maintain documentation of such determination
of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Company s applicable listing exchange). 

Restatement means an accounting
restatement of any of the Company s financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act,
or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement
under U.S. securities laws, regardless of whether the Company or Covered Officer misconduct was the cause for such restatement. Restatement 
includes any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously
issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little r 
restatements). 

A- 2 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mulg-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mulg-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mulg-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mulg-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mulg-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

