<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_1681622_0001681622-24-000089.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15098740</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>369300</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3009920</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5356286</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3130848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2902040</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001681622-24-000089.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001681622-24-000089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Varex Imaging Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				813434516
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0927

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37860
		FILM NUMBER:		241476103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1678 S. PIONEER ROAD
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-972-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1678 S. PIONEER ROAD
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001681622-24-000089.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 vrex-20240927.htm
 10-K

vrex-20240927 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________ 

For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 or 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of March 29, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale price of such shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 28, 2024) was approximately million. 
 As of November 14, 2024, there were million shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 Part I. 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 1 C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Part II. 
 30 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 39 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 
 Part III. 
 42 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 42 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 
 Part IV. 
 44 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 
 Signatures 
 47 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which provides a safe harbor for statements about future events, products, and financial performance that are based on the beliefs of, estimates made by, and information currently available to the management of Varex Imaging Corporation we, our, us, the Company, or Varex, ). Actual results and the outcome or timing of certain events described in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and may differ significantly from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ significantly from those projections or expectations include, among other things, include the following: 
 reduction in or loss of business of one or more of our limited original equipment manufacturing OEM customers; 
 loss of business to, and an inability to effectively compete with, competitors; 
 pricing pressures and other factors that could result in margin erosion and loss of customers; 
 failure to meet customers needs and demands; 
 global, regional, and country-specific economic instability, shifting political environments, changing tax treatment, reactionary import/export regulatory regimes, and other risks associated with international manufacturing, operations, and sales; 
 supply chain disruptions resulting in delayed product delivery, and increased costs as a result of reliance on a limited number of suppliers for certain key components; 
 inability to maintain or defend our intellectual property rights, and high cost of protecting our intellectual property and defending against infringement claims; 
 disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems; 
 noncompliance with regulations applicable to marketing, manufacturing, labeling, and distributing our products and delays in obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals; 
 limitations imposed by operating and financial restrictions of our debt financing agreements that could harm our long-term interests, limit our ability to make payments on our debt obligations, and impact our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and/or to refinance our debt obligations; and 
 and other factors cited in Risk Factors listed under Item 1A of this Annual Report, Business and MD A and other factors described from time to time in our other filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), or other reasons. 
 Statements concerning supply chain and logistics challenges; cost increases and expense management; changes in U.S. and worldwide economic conditions, such as the impact of inflation, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; geopolitical tensions; possible legislative, tariffs, and policy reforms as a result of the recent elections in the United States, and uncertainty resulting therefrom; industry or business segment outlook; customer acceptance of or transition to new products or technologies such as advanced X-ray tube and digital flat panel detector products; growth drivers; future orders, revenues, market share, backlog, earnings or other financial results; and any statements using the terms believe, expect, anticipate, can, should, would, could, estimate, may, intend, potential, and possible or similar statements are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and the outcome and timing of certain events to differ materially from those projected or management s current expectations. 
 Any forward-looking statement made in this Annual Report (including in any exhibits or documents incorporated by reference) is based only on information currently available to Varex and its management and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We have not assumed any obligation to, and you should not expect us to, update or revise those statements because of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Varex Imaging Corporation is a leading innovator, designer and manufacturer of X-ray imaging components including X-ray tubes, flat panel and photon counting detectors and accessories, linear accelerators, image software processing solutions, and stand-alone X-ray based systems in select application areas. Our components are used in medical diagnostic imaging, security inspection systems, and industrial quality inspection systems, as well as for analysis and measurement applications in industrial manufacturing applications. Global OEMs incorporate our X-ray imaging components into their systems to detect, diagnose, protect, irradiate, and inspect. Varex has approximately 2,300 full-time equivalent employees, located at engineering, manufacturing, and service center sites in North America, Europe, and Asia. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our products are sold in three geographic regions: the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. The Americas includes North America (primarily the United States) and Latin America. EMEA includes Europe, the Middle East, India, and Africa. APAC includes Asia (other than India) and Australia. Revenues by region are based on the known final destination of products sold. 
 Our success depends, among other things, on our ability to anticipate and respond to changes in our business, the direction of technological innovation, and the demand from our customers. We continually invest in research and development and employ approximately 350 individuals in product development related activities. Our focus on innovation and product performance along with strong and long-term customer relationships allows us to collaborate with our customers to deliver industry-leading X-ray imaging products. We continue to work to improve the life and quality of our imaging components and leverage our scale as one of the largest independent X-ray imaging component suppliers to provide cost-effective solutions for our customers. 
 Operating Segments and Products 
 We have two reportable operating segments: Medical and Industrial. The segments align our products and service offerings with customer use in medical and industrial imaging. 
 Medical 
 In our Medical segment, we design, manufacture, sell and service X-ray imaging components, including X-ray tubes, flat panel and photon counting detectors and accessories, high voltage connectors, image-processing software and workstations, 3D reconstruction software, computer-aided diagnostic software, collimators, automatic exposure control devices, generators, and coolers. These components are used in a range of medical imaging applications including computed tomography ("CT"), mammography, oncology, cardiac, surgery, dental, fluoroscopy, and other diagnostic radiography uses. 
 Our X-ray imaging components are primarily sold to OEM customers. These OEM customers then design-in our products to their X-ray imaging systems for a variety of medical modalities. A substantial majority of medical X-ray imaging OEMs globally are our customers, and many of these have been our customers for over 35 years. We believe one of the reasons for customer loyalty is that our hardware and software products are tightly integrated with our customers' systems. We work very closely with our customers to create custom built components for their systems based on technology platforms that we have developed. Because our products are often customized for our customers' specific equipment, it can be costly and complex for our customers to switch to another provider. Once our components are designed into our customers' equipment, our customers will typically continue to buy from us for any replacement components and for service and support for that equipment. Some of our products are also included in product registrations for our customers' equipment that require regulatory approval to change. In addition to sales to OEM customers, we sell our products to independent service companies and distributors as well as directly to end-users for replacement purposes. 
 We are one of the largest independent global manufacturers of X-ray imaging components, and each year, we produce approximately 27,000 X-ray tubes and 20,000 X-ray detectors. We estimate that our world-wide installed base of products includes more than 160,000 X-ray tubes, 170,000 X-ray detectors, 600,000 connect and control components and 16,500 software instances. Replacement and service of our existing installed base makes up a significant portion of our revenue. Many of our components need to be replaced regularly depending upon usage and other factors. For example, CT X-ray tubes generally need to be replaced every 2 to 6 years, in comparison to a general radiography tube which can last up to 10 years, depending on utilization. In China, the replacement cycle for CT X-ray tubes currently can be as frequent as every 10 to 20 months due to high utilization of imaging equipment. Other products such as X-ray detectors have a useful life of as much as 7 years or more, but can require more frequent service and repairs during their useful life. In addition, our detector customers often elect to upgrade products to newer technology before the end of a current product s useful life. X-ray imaging software is a relatively small part of our business and includes maintenance revenue for software licenses. 
 In China, the government has continued its efforts to broaden the availability of healthcare services. In the past 20 years, the number of medical institutions and diagnostic radiology equipment per million population in China has increased substantially. Dental radiology equipment increased nine-fold, and mammography and CT scanners showed a nearly five-fold increase. We are developing CT X-ray tubes and related subsystems for Chinese OEMs as they introduce new systems in China. Over the long-term, our objective is to become the partner of choice both for new systems and for replacement components in existing systems as CT systems continue to be more widely adopted throughout China. In March 2024, China introduced a new stimulus program that includes the healthcare industry. We believe the stimulus program has led to customers delaying purchasing decisions in the short-term as they wait to understand the details of the program before making significant purchasing decisions, but are optimistic that it will result in increased opportunities for our business in the longer-term. 
 As described in more detail under the heading Competition and Trade Compliance Laws of this Item 1, our business in China has been, is currently being, and may in the future be, impacted by trade wars between the United States and China. Based on the results of the recent U.S. elections, there is significant concern that trade relations between the United States and China could worsen in the future, which could materially negatively impact our business moving forward. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial 
 In our Industrial segment, we design, develop, manufacture, sell, and service X-ray imaging products for use in a number of applications, including security applications for cargo screening at ports and borders, baggage screening at airports, and nondestructive testing, irradiation, and inspection applications used in a number of other verticals. Our Industrial products include Linatron X-ray linear accelerators, X-ray tubes, flat panel and photon counting detectors, computed radiography scanners, high voltage connectors, and coolers. In addition, we license proprietary image-processing and detection software designed to work with other Varex products to provide packaged sub-assembly solutions to our Industrial customers. Our Industrial business benefits from the research and development investment and manufacturing economies of scale on the Medical side of our business, as we continue to find new applications for our technology. Along with more favorable pricing dynamics, this allows us to generally achieve higher gross profit for Industrial products relative to our Medical business. In addition, our Industrial business benefits from our long-term service agreements for our Linatron products. 
 Security applications primarily consists of cargo security for the screening of trucks, trains, and cargo containers at ports and borders as well as airport security for checked baggage and palletized cargo. The end customers for border protection systems are typically government agencies, many of which are in oil-based economies and war zones where there can be significant variation in buying patterns. We have recently expanded our security offerings to include full systems that perform cargo and vehicle inspections. These systems are used for screening cargo at ports and borders. 
 Non-destructive testing and inspection verticals utilize X-ray imaging to scan items for inspection of manufacturing defects and product integrity in a wide range of industries including aerospace, automotive, electronics, oil and gas, food packaging, metal castings, and additive manufacturing. In addition, new applications for X-ray sources are being developed, such as sterilization of food and its packaging. We provide X-ray sources, digital detectors, high voltage connectors, and image processing software to OEM customers, system integrators, and manufacturers in a variety of these verticals. We believe that non-destructive testing represents a significant growth opportunity for our business, and we are actively pursuing new potential applications for our products. 
 Customers 
 Our customers are primarily large OEMs. Our top five customers, measured by revenue, are Canon Medical Systems Corporation Canon ), United Imaging Healthcare, General Electric Company, Rapiscan Systems, Inc., and Siemens Healthineers AG, which collectively accounted for approximately 41 of total revenue in fiscal year 2024. Our largest customer, Canon, accounted for approximately 18 , 17 and 17 of our total revenue for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, while our ten largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 53 , 51 and 52 of our revenue for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Competition 
 The imaging components business is highly competitive. OEMs may choose to develop and manufacture X-ray imaging components in-house or they may choose to out-source to a supplier such as Varex or our competitors. Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate changes in the business environment, the direction of technological innovation and the demand from our customers. To remain competitive, we must continually invest in research and development focused on innovation, improve product performance and quality, and continue to reduce the cost of our imaging components. Significant capital investment is required to manufacture imaging components. We believe we have sufficient manufacturing scale to leverage our high volume to reduce overall costs by spreading fixed costs over more units. 
 Medical 
 We often compete with the in-house X-ray tube manufacturing operations of major diagnostic imaging systems companies, which are the primary OEM customers for our Medical products. To effectively compete with these in-house capabilities, we must have a competitive advantage in one or more significant areas, such as innovative technology and greater product performance, better product quality, better product availability, or lower product price. We sell a significant volume of our X-ray tubes to OEM customers that have in-house X-ray tube production capability. In addition, we compete with some OEM customers, such as Canon, Philips Healthcare and other companies who sell X-ray tubes to smaller OEMs and other manufacturers, as well as emerging X-ray tube manufacturers in China. High capital costs and mastery of complex manufacturing processes that drive production yield and product life are significant characteristics of the X-ray tube business. 
 The digital detectors business is highly competitive. We sell our digital detectors to a number of OEM customers that incorporate our detectors into their medical diagnostic, oncology, 3D dental and veterinary imaging systems. Our amorphous silicon based digital detector technology, our photon counting technology, and our complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor technology compete with other detector technologies, such as amorphous selenium, charge-coupled devices, and variations of amorphous silicon 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 scintillators. We believe that our products provide a competitive advantage due to product quality and performance and lower total cost of ownership over the product lifecycle. In our digital flat panel detector business, we primarily compete against Trixell S.A.S., Canon, Vieworks Co., Ltd., Hamamatsu Corporation, iRay Technology (Shanghai) Limited, and Jiangsu CareRay Medical Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Industrial 
 In the low-energy sector of our Industrial segment, we compete with other OEM suppliers, such as iRay, Teledyne, and Comet AG. While there are other manufacturers of low-energy X-ray tubes and digital detectors for specialized and niche industrial applications, our products are designed for a broad range of applications in inspection, analysis, and non-destructive testing. In the high-energy sector, we compete against technologies from Nuctech Company Limited, Siemens AG, ETM Electromatic Inc., and PMB Alcen, whose X-ray sources are used in applications that include cargo and container scanning, border security, aerospace applications, castings, and pressure vessel inspections. Like medical, we sell our high energy products to OEMs and may also compete with those OEMs for cargo system sales. The companies we both sell to and compete with are Rapiscan, Smiths, Leidos, and Astrophysics. 
 Customer Services and Support 
 We generally warrant our products for 12 to 24 months. In certain cases, the warranty is specified by usage metrics such as number of scans. We provide technical advice and consultation to major OEM customers from our offices in the United States, Europe, Asia, and India. Our application specialists and engineers make recommendations to meet the customer s technical requirements within the customer s budgetary constraints. We often develop specifications for a unique product that will be designed and manufactured to meet a specific customer s requirements. 
 Manufacturing and Supplies 
 We manufacture our products at facilities in the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Finland, the Philippines, China, and India. These facilities employ state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques and several have been recognized by the press, governments, and trade organizations for their commitment to quality improvement. Each of these manufacturing facilities are certified by the International Standards Organization ISO under ISO 9001 (for industrial products) or ISO 13485 (for medical devices). In addition, we have a regional service center in Germany. 
 Manufacturing processes at our various facilities include machining, fabrication, subassembly, system assembly, and final testing. We have invested in various automated and semi-automated equipment for the fabrication and machining of the parts and assemblies that we incorporate into our products. We may, from time to time, invest further in such equipment. Our quality assurance program includes various quality control measures from inspection of raw materials, purchased parts, and assemblies through in-line inspection. In some cases, we outsource the manufacturing of sub-assemblies while still performing system design, final assembly, and testing in-house. In such cases, we believe outsourcing enables us to reduce or maintain fixed costs and capital expenditures, while also providing the flexibility to increase production capacity. We purchase material and components from various suppliers that are either standard products or customized to our specifications. Some of the components included in our products may be sourced from a limited group of suppliers or from a single source supplier, such as transistor arrays and cesium iodide coatings for digital detectors and specialized integrated circuits, X-ray tube targets, housings, bearings, and various other components. We require certain raw materials, such as copper, nickel, silver, gold, lead, tungsten, iridium, rhenium, molybdenum, rhodium, niobium, zirconium, beryllium, and various high grades of steel alloy for X-ray tubes and industrial products. Worldwide demand, availability and pricing of these raw materials have been volatile, and we expect that availability and pricing will continue to fluctuate in the future. 
 Research and Development 
 Innovation and developing products, systems, and services based on advanced technology is essential to our ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. We maintain a research and development and engineering staff responsible for product design and engineering. 
 Research and development are primarily conducted at our facilities in the United States and Europe. Our research and development activities are primarily focused on developing and improving imaging component technology. Current X-ray source development areas include smaller footprint linear accelerators, improvements to tube life and tube stability, reductions of tube noise, and tube designs that will enable OEMs to continue to reduce dose delivered and improve image resolution, cost effectively. Research in digital detector imaging technology is aimed at developing new panel technologies (such as photon counting) with better dose utilization, improved image quality and materials discrimination, lower product costs, and new image processing tools for advanced applications. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 One of our competitive advantages is that some of the foundational technologies and software components developed for medical applications may also be applicable in industrial components, and vice versa. In addition to these product development synergies, we are also able to realize sourcing, production, service center, and logistics synergies across the different products and business lines. 
 Product and Other Liabilities 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in the manufacture, sale, installation, servicing and support of X-ray imaging devices, related software and other devices that contain hazardous material or deliver radiation. Because our products are involved in the intentional delivery of radiation to the human body and other situations where people may come in contact with radiation (for example, when our Industrial products are being used to scan cargo) as well as the detection, planning, and treatment of medical problems, the possibility for significant injury or death exists if our products fail to work or are not used properly. We may face substantial liability to patients, our customers and others for damages resulting from the faulty, or allegedly faulty, design, manufacture, installation, servicing, support, testing, or interoperability of our products and our customers products, or their misuse or failure. We may also be subject to claims for property damages or economic loss related to or resulting from any errors or defects in our products, or the installation, servicing, and support of our products. Any accident or mistreatment could subject us to legal costs, litigation, adverse publicity, and damage to our reputation, whether or not our products or services were a factor. In addition, if a product we design or manufacture were defective (whether due to design, labeling or manufacturing defects, improper use of the product, or other reasons), or found to be so by a regulatory authority, we may be required to correct or recall the product and notify other regulatory authorities. We maintain limited product liability, professional liability, and omissions liability insurance coverage. 
 Government Regulation 
 U.S. Regulations 
 Laws governing marketing of medical devices . In the United States, as a manufacturer and seller of medical devices and devices emitting radiation or utilizing radioactive by-product material, we and some of our suppliers and distributors are subject to extensive regulation by federal governmental authorities, such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC ), and state and local regulatory agencies, to ensure the devices are safe and effective and comply with laws governing products that emit, produce, or control radiation. Similar international regulations apply overseas. These regulations, which include the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act and regulations promulgated by the FDA, govern, among other things, the design, development, testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, import/export, sale and marketing, and disposal of medical devices, post market surveillance, and reporting of serious injuries and death, repairs, replacements, recalls, and other matters relating to medical devices, radiation emitting devices, and devices utilizing radioactive by-product material. State regulations are extensive and vary from state to state. Our X-ray tube products, imaging workstations, and flat panel detectors are considered medical devices. Under the FDC Act, each medical device manufacturer must comply with quality system regulations that are strictly enforced by the FDA. 
 Unless an exception applies, the FDA requires that the manufacturer of a new medical device or a new indication for use of, or other significant change in, an existing currently marketed medical device obtain 510(k) pre-market notification clearance before it can market or sell those products in the United States. The 510(k) clearance process can be time consuming, costly, and uncertain, and in the case of modification to an existing device, may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the product until 510(k) clearance is obtained. Most of our products are non-classified or Class I medical devices, which do not require 510(k) clearance. 
 Quality systems . Our manufacturing operations for medical devices, and those of our third-party manufacturers, are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), which addresses a company s responsibility for product design, testing, and manufacturing quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. The QSR requires that each manufacturer establish a quality systems program by which the manufacturer monitors the manufacturing process and maintains records that show compliance with FDA regulations and the manufacturer s written specifications and procedures relating to the devices. QSR compliance is necessary to receive and maintain FDA clearance or approval to market new and existing products. The FDA makes announced and unannounced periodic and ongoing inspections of medical device manufacturers to determine compliance with the QSR. If in connection with these inspections the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, it may issue observations that would necessitate prompt corrective action. If FDA inspection observations are not addressed and/or corrective action is not taken in a timely manner and to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter (which would similarly necessitate prompt corrective action) and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action. Failure to respond timely to FDA inspection observations, a warning letter, or other notice of noncompliance and to promptly come into compliance could result in the FDA bringing enforcement action against us, which could include the total 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 shutdown of our production facilities, denial of importation rights to the United States for products manufactured in overseas locations, and denial of export rights for U.S. products and criminal and civil fines. 
 The FDA and the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC regulate advertising and promotion of our products to ensure that the claims we make are consistent with our regulatory clearances, that we have adequate and reasonable scientific data to substantiate our claims and that our promotional labeling and advertising is neither false nor misleading. We may not promote or advertise our products for uses not within the scope of our intended use statement in our clearances or approvals or make unsupported safety and effectiveness claims. 
 It is also important that our products comply with electrical safety and environmental standards, such as those of Underwriters Laboratories UL ), the Canadian Standards Association CSA ), and the International Electrotechnical Commission IEC ). In addition, the manufacture and distribution of medical devices utilizing radioactive material requires a specific radioactive material license. For the United States, manufacture and distribution of these radioactive sources and devices also must be in accordance with a model-specific certificate issued by either the NRC or by an Agreement State. In essentially every country and state, installation and service of these products must be in accordance with a specific radioactive materials license issued by the applicable radiation control agency. Service of these products must be in accordance with a specific radioactive materials license. We are also subject to a variety of additional environmental laws regulating our manufacturing operations and the handling, storage, transport and disposal of hazardous substances, and which impose liability for the cleanup of any contamination from these substances. 
 Other applicable U.S. regulations . As a participant in the healthcare industry, we are also subject to extensive laws and regulations protecting the privacy and integrity of patient medical information that we receive, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), new state privacy laws, fraud and abuse laws and regulations, including physician self-referral prohibitions, and false claims laws. From time to time, these laws and regulations may be revised or interpreted in ways that could make it more difficult for our customers to conduct their businesses, such as recent proposed revisions to the laws prohibiting physician self-referrals, and such revisions could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products, and therefore our business and results of operations. We also must comply with numerous federal, state and local laws of more general applicability relating to such matters as environmental protection, safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, fire hazard control and other matters. 
 The laws and regulations and their enforcement are constantly undergoing change, and we cannot predict what effect, if any, changes to these laws and regulations may have on our business. 
 Medicare and Medicaid Reimbursement 
 The federal and state governments of the United States establish guidelines and pay reimbursements to hospitals and free-standing clinics for diagnostic examinations and therapeutic procedures under Medicare at the federal level and Medicaid at the state level. Private insurers often establish payment levels and policies based on reimbursement rates and guidelines established by the government. 
 The federal government and Congress review and adjust rates annually, and from time to time consider various Medicare and other healthcare reform proposals that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for healthcare services in hospitals and free-standing clinics. In the past, we have seen demand for our customers systems (in which our products are incorporated) negatively impacted by the uncertainties surrounding reimbursement rates in the United States. State government reimbursement for services is determined pursuant to each state s Medicaid plan, which is established by state law and regulations, subject to requirements of federal law and regulations. 
 Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the state level, and we are unable to predict which, if any, of these proposals will be enacted. In addition, it is possible that changes in federal health care law and policy could result in additional proposals and/or changes to health care system legislation which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Uncertainty created by healthcare reform complicates our customers decision-making process and, therefore, may impact our business. 
 The sale of medical devices, the referral of patients for diagnostic examinations and treatments utilizing such devices, and the submission of claims to third-party payors (including Medicare and Medicaid) seeking reimbursement for such services, are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to anti-kickbacks and healthcare fraud and abuse. 
 Foreign Regulations 
 Our operations, sales and service of our products outside the United States are subject to regulatory requirements that vary from country to country and may differ significantly from those in the United States. In general, our products are regulated outside the United States as medical devices by foreign governmental agencies similar to the FDA. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing a medical device internationally . For us to market our products internationally, we must obtain clearances or approvals for products and product modifications. We are required to affix the CE mark to our products to sell them in member countries of the European Union EU ). The CE mark is an international symbol of adherence to certain essential principles of safety and effectiveness, which once affixed enables a product to be sold in member countries of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The CE mark is also recognized in many countries outside the EU and can assist in the clearance process. To receive permission to affix the CE mark to our medical device products, we must obtain approvals and Quality System certification, e.g., ISO 13485, through an accredited Notified Body and must otherwise have a quality management system that complies with the EU Medical Device Directive, which was superseded by the EU MDR-Medical Device Regulations in May 2021. The ISO promulgates standards for certification of quality assurance operations. We are certified as complying with the ISO 9001 for our security and inspection products and ISO 13485 for our medical devices. Several Asian countries, including Japan and China, have adopted regulatory schemes that are comparable, and in some cases more stringent, than the EU scheme. To import medical devices into Japan, the requirements of the Japanese Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act must be met and an approval to sell medical products in Japan, must be obtained. Similarly, a registration certification issued by the National Medical Products Administration and a China Compulsory Certification mark for certain products are required to sell medical devices in China. Obtaining such certifications on our products can be time-consuming and can cause us to delay marketing or sales of certain products in such countries. Similarly, prior to selling a device in Canada, manufacturers of Class II devices must obtain a medical device license from Health Canada. Additionally, many countries have laws and regulations relating to radiation and radiation safety that apply to our products. In most countries, radiological regulatory agencies require some form of licensing or registration by the facility prior to acquisition and operation of an X-ray generating device or a radiation source. The handling, transportation and recycling of radioactive metals and source materials are also highly regulated. 
 A number of countries, including the members of the EU, have implemented or are implementing regulations that would require manufacturers to dispose, or bear certain disposal costs, of products at the end of a product s useful life and restrict the use of some hazardous substances in certain products sold in those countries. These regulations could impose future costs on the Company. 
 Manufacturing and selling a device internationally . We are subject to laws and regulations outside the United States applicable to manufacturers of radiation-producing devices and products utilizing radioactive materials, and laws and regulations of general applicability relating to matters such as environmental protection, safe working conditions, manufacturing practices and other matters, in each case that are often comparable to, if not more stringent than, regulations in the United States. In addition, our sales of products in foreign countries are subject to regulation of matters such as product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import restrictions, environmental and product recycling requirements, tariff regulations, and duties and tax requirements. In some countries, we rely on our foreign distributors and agents to assist us in complying with foreign regulatory requirements. 
 Other applicable international regulations . In addition to the U.S. laws regarding the privacy and integrity of patient medical information, we are subject to similar or stricter laws and regulations in foreign countries covering data privacy and other protection of health and employee information. Particularly within Europe, data protection legislation is comprehensive and complex and there has been a recent trend toward more stringent enforcement of requirements regarding protection and confidentiality of personal data, as well as enactment of stricter legislation. We are also subject to international fraud and abuse laws and regulations, as well as false claims and misleading advertisement laws. We also must comply with numerous international laws of more general applicability relating to such matters as environmental protection, safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, fire hazard control and other matters. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Regulations 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-corruption laws, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and the law On the Fundamentals of Health Protection in the Russian Federation . In general, there is a worldwide trend to strengthen anti-corruption laws and their enforcement, and the healthcare industry and medical equipment manufacturers have been particular targets of these investigation and enforcement efforts. Any violation of these laws by us or our agents or distributors could create substantial liability for us, subject our officers and directors to personal liability and also cause a loss of reputation. 
 In 2023, China launched a national anti-corruption campaign directed at the healthcare industry, designed to rectify unethical practices related to services and procurement in the Chinese healthcare industry. The anti-corruption campaign has had a broad-based impact on the healthcare industry in China and contributed to lower sales in our Medical business during fiscal year 2024. While the anti-corruption campaign negatively impacted Medical sales during fiscal year 2024, we remain optimistic about China in the longer-term and support efforts to eradicate corruption. 
 Transparency International s 2023 Corruption Perceptions Index measured the degree to which public sector corruption is perceived to exist in 180 countries/territories around the world and found that over two-thirds of the countries in the index, including many that we consider to be high-growth areas for our products, such as China and India, scored below 50, which strongly indicates 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 they have significant corruption issues. We currently operate in many countries where the public sector is perceived as being more or highly corrupt and our strategic business plans include expanding our business in regions and countries that are rated as higher risk for corruption activity by Transparency International. 
 Increased business in higher-risk countries could subject us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and increased liability. In addition, becoming familiar with and implementing the infrastructure necessary to comply with laws, rules and regulations applicable to new business activities and mitigating and protecting against corruption risks could be quite costly. Failure by us or our agents or distributors to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could delay our expansion into high-growth business areas and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Competition and Trade Compliance Laws 
 We are subject to various competition and trade compliance laws in the jurisdictions where we operate. Regulatory or government authorities where we operate may have enforcement powers that can subject us to sanctions and can impose changes or conditions in the way we conduct our business. For example, local authorities may disagree with how we classify our products, and we may be required to change our classifications, which could increase our operating costs or subject us to increased taxes or fines and penalties. In addition, an increasing number of jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to seek damages asserting claims of anti-competitive conduct. Increased government scrutiny of our actions or enforcement or private rights of action could materially and adversely affect our business or damage our reputation. In addition, we may conduct, or we may be required to conduct, internal investigations or face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign governments or regulatory agencies, which could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to increased costs, fines or criminal or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Furthermore, competition laws may prohibit or increase the cost of future acquisitions that we may desire to undertake. 
 International sales of certain of our Linatron X-ray accelerators are subject to U.S. export licenses that are issued at the discretion of the U.S. government. Orders and revenues for our security and inspection products have been and may continue to be unpredictable as governmental agencies may place large orders with us or with our customers over a short period of time and then may not place additional orders until complete deployment and installation of previously ordered products. Furthermore, tender awards in this business may be subject to challenge by third parties, as we have previously encountered, which can make the conversion of orders to revenues unpredictable for some security and inspection products. We experienced strong sales of our Linatron X-ray accelerators for border protection applications in fiscal year 2024. While we anticipate some contraction, we expect demand to remain solid in fiscal year 2025. 
 In recent years, our business, particularly in China, has been impacted by the United States-China trade war in the following ways, among others: (1) importing raw materials from China to the United States has become more expensive, (2) importing raw materials and sub-assemblies from the United States to China has become more expensive, and (3) importing finished United States manufactured products into China has become more difficult and expensive and (4) increasing competitive pressures domestically and globally versus our Asian- and European-based competitors who may not have been as impacted by the trade war. While the governments of both the United States and China have granted tariff exclusions that temporarily eliminate the additional duties payable for specific commodities, providing partial relief, these exclusions are temporary and/or must be solicited and approved on a shipment-by-shipment basis. There is no guarantee that such exclusions will be granted or extended by either government, and the U.S. tariff exclusions are set to expire on May 31, 2025, unless extended. In order to mitigate the impact of tariffs on materials imported from China, we have implemented changes to secure more non-China sources of materials used to manufacture our X-ray imaging products. To help mitigate the impact of tariffs on materials imported to China, and to be closer to our global customer base, we continue to expand manufacturing capabilities at our facilities in China, Germany, the Netherlands, the Philippines and India. We have also implemented local sourcing strategies to offer local content. This local-for-local strategy has been well received by both our local customers as well as global OEMs, and acts as a natural hedge against trade wars and other potential supply chain disruptions. Our mitigation efforts could prove less effective than anticipated if, as a result of the recent U.S. elections, the United States or China impose higher tariffs on one another or other events, such as increasing tensions between China and Taiwan, lead to worsening trade relations between China and the United States. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We place considerable importance on obtaining and maintaining patent, copyright and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes, because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and to the marketplace. 
 We generally rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret and other laws, and contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying and transferring title, including confidentiality agreements with vendors, strategic partners, co- 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 developers, employees, consultants and other third parties, to protect our proprietary rights in the developments, improvements and inventions that we have originated and which are incorporated in our products or that fall within our fields of interest. As of September 27, 2024, we own approximately 230 patents issued in the United States, approximately 410 patents issued throughout the rest of the world and have approximately 160 patent applications pending with various patent agencies worldwide. The patents issued expire between 2024 and 2042. We intend to file additional patent applications as appropriate. We have trademarks, both registered and unregistered, that are maintained and enforced to provide customer recognition for our products in the marketplace. We also have agreements with third parties that provide for licensing of patented or proprietary technology, including royalty-bearing licenses and technology cross-licenses. These licenses generally can only be terminated for breach. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Information Systems . 
 In conjunction with the January 2017 separation from Varian Medical Systems, Inc. ("Varian"), we entered into an Intellectual Property Matters Agreement with Varian, pursuant to which, among other things, we each granted the other licenses to use certain intellectual property. Varian was subsequently acquired by Siemens in April of 2021. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations and facilities, past and present, are subject to environmental laws, including laws that regulate the handling, storage, transport and disposal of hazardous substances. Certain of those laws impose cleanup liabilities under certain circumstances. In connection with those laws and certain of our past and present operations and facilities, we are obligated to indemnify Varian for 20 of the cleanup liabilities related to prior corporate restructuring activities while a division of Varian and fully indemnify Varian for other liabilities arising from the operations of the business transferred to it as part of those activities. Those include facilities sold as part of Varian s electron devices business in 1995 and thin film systems business in 1997. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA or third parties have named Varian as a potentially responsible party under the amended Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), at sites to which Varian or the facilities of the businesses sold in 1995 and 1997 were alleged to have shipped waste for recycling or disposal (the CERCLA sites ). We anticipate that we will be obligated to reimburse Varian for 20 of the liabilities of Varian related to these CERCLA sites (after adjusting for any insurance proceeds). As of September 27, 2024, we had an existing environmental liability of approximately 3.9 million, net of expected insurance proceeds, related to the CERCLA sites. 
 Working Capital 
 Our working capital needs and our credit practices are comparable to those of other companies manufacturing and selling similar products to similar customers. We endeavor to carry sufficient levels of inventory to meet the product delivery needs of our customers. We also provide payment terms to customers in the normal course of business. The product warranty obligations contained in our standard terms and conditions typically range from 12 to 24 months, depending on the product. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Talent Management 
 To remain a leading innovator, designer, and manufacturer of critical components of X-ray based diagnostic equipment, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain exceptional talent. Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage our human capital resources, including attracting, identifying, and retaining key talent. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, wage inflation, and availability of qualified individuals. 
 As of September 27, 2024, we had approximately 2,300 full-time equivalent employees worldwide. None of our employees based in the United States are unionized or subject to collective bargaining agreements. Employees based in some foreign countries may, from time to time, be represented by works councils or unions or subject to collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 As part of our people management strategy, we monitor employee morale and our reputation. To better understand how to measure the effectiveness of our people management strategy, and to establish a baseline understanding of employee loyalty and retention, we solicit feedback from our employees through employee satisfaction and other surveys. The results of these surveys are analyzed, and we hold meetings with employees to share and discuss areas of improvement. We believe this is a useful process to inform how future decisions are made in order to improve employee morale and engagement. 
 Total Rewards 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We invest in our workforce by offering a competitive total rewards package that includes a combination of salaries and wages, health and wellness benefits, equity incentives, retirement benefits, and educational benefits. We strive to offer a total rewards package that is responsive to local markets. In the United States, where our largest employee base resides, our benefits for eligible employees have included: 
 Health insurance coverage available to full-time employees; 
 Tuition reimbursement up to a specified dollar amount on an annual basis; 
 Matching contributions to a tax-qualified defined contribution savings ("401(k)") plan, on a dollar-for-dollar basis up to four percent of the employee s base compensation; 
 An employee assistance program; and 
 Training and development programs designed to help employees improve workplace performance. 
 Approximately 91 of our eligible employees participate in our 401(k) plan. In addition, in an effort to further align the interests of eligible employees with our stockholders, we have an equity-based incentive plan that provides for the grant of nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units, performance units and other equity-based awards to directors, officers and other eligible employees. Additionally, to create performance incentives and to encourage share ownership by our employees, we have an employee stock purchase plan, which enables eligible employees to purchase our common stock at a discount through payroll contributions. 
 Safety and Wellness 
 The health and safety of our workforce is fundamental to the success of our business. We provide our employees upfront and ongoing safety training to ensure that safety policies and procedures are effectively communicated and implemented. Personal protective equipment is provided to those employees where needed for the employee to safely perform their job function. We have experienced personnel on site at each of our manufacturing locations that are tasked with environmental, health and personal safety education and compliance and, in Salt Lake City, we have an onsite nurse practitioner available to our employees for medical needs. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 As one of our values states, we embrace equality, and we are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that is respectful to all. Some of our initiatives include establishing a global employee resource group to drive advocacy and inclusion; providing internships with a focus on building science, technology, engineering, and mathematics ("STEM") programs, regularly analyzing pay equity, and engaging in on-campus events that increase our exposure to diverse populations to promote diversity in our hiring. We have policies that forbid discrimination and harassment, and we expect our teams to conduct themselves ethically at all times in accordance with Varex s Code of Conduct. 
 Information Available to Investors 
 The SEC maintains an internet site, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. As soon as reasonably practicable after filing with or furnishing to the SEC, we also make the following reports and information available free of charge on the Investors page of our website www.vareximaging.com: 
 our annual reports on Form 10-K; 
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; 
 current reports on Form 8-K (including any amendments to those reports); 
 proxy statements; and 
 Section 16 ownership reports. 
 Additionally, our Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Human Rights Policy, and the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are also available on the Investors page of our website. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://www.vareximaging.com/investor-relations/), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Please note that information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The biographical summaries of our executive officers are as follows: 
 Sunny S. Sanyal, 60 , has served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director since January 2017. Prior to the separation of Varex from Varian, Sunny served as senior vice president and president of Varian s Imaging Components business for Varian since February 2014. Prior to joining Varian in 2014, Sunny was chief executive officer of T-System, a privately held company providing information technology solutions and services to hospitals and urgent care facilities. He also served as president of McKesson Provider Technologies, where he led the company to significant business expansion with its clinical software, medical imaging technology, and services solutions. Sunny has held executive positions at GE Healthcare, Accenture, and IDX Systems. He received a Master of Business Administration ("MBA") from Harvard Business School, a Master of Science in industrial engineering from Louisiana State University, and a Bachelor of Engineering in electrical engineering from the University of Bombay. 
 Shubham Maheshwari, 53, has served as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") since July 2020. Shubham (Sam) joined Varex from SiFive, Inc., a leading provider of hardware and software solutions for developing RISC-V based processors and semiconductor chips, where he served as CFO. Before SiFive, Sam served for six years as CFO, and later as CFO and COO, of Veeco Instruments Inc. (Nasdaq: VECO), a manufacturer of semiconductor process equipment. Previous notable positions include Senior Vice President, Finance for semiconductor company Spansion, Inc., where he helped lead the company through its restructuring and IPO in 2010, and more than 10 years in various senior positions, including Vice President of M A and Corporate Controller, at KLA-Tencor Corp., a global semiconductor equipment company. Sam holds an MBA in Finance from Wharton, and a bachelor s degree in chemical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. 
 Kimberley E. Honeysett, 53, has served as Chief Legal Officer since February 2022 and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary since January 2017. Prior to the separation of Varex from Varian, Kim served as vice president and assistant general counsel and assistant corporate secretary for Varian, where she advised Varian s Board of Directors, executive management and corporate functions, including business development, investor relations, human resources, information technology and was responsible for corporate governance, general compliance matters, litigation and global subsidiary governance. Prior to joining Varian in 2005, Kim served as group director, legal affairs at Siebel Systems, Inc., an enterprise software company, and as an associate with the law firm Brobeck, Phleger Harrison LLP. Kim holds a juris doctor degree from Cornell Law School and a bachelor s degree in communications from the University of California, Los Angeles. 
 Karen Aranki , 50, has served as Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Karen was the Global VP of HR and Communications at Honeywell Aerospace, where she worked for 16 years, including 8 years in senior human resources positions. Karen has over 22 years of experience in global human resources management, with notable expertise in the semiconductor and transportation industries driving program management, and employee engagement, through voice of employee actions and communications, community outreach, and management capability development. She is Six Sigma Green Belt certified in the use of lean tools and methodologies to improve processes, solve quality problems, and lead projects. Karen earned a Masters Degree in Labor Relations and Human Resources Management, and a Bachelor of Art degree in International Relations both from Michigan State University. 
 Andrew Hartmann, 62, has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager - Detectors since April 2023 and previously as Senior Vice President, Medical Sales Marketing since July 2018. Prior to joining Varex he worked for a number of leading OEMs in various leadership roles, most recently as General Manager of the X-ray and Ultrasound Business for Carestream Health, Inc., a worldwide provider of X-ray imaging systems, from April 2012 to June 2018. Prior to Carestream, Andrew worked for Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. (Siemens Healthineers), a leading medical technology company, in sales and marketing roles both domestically in the United States and internationally for Siemens ultrasound business. Prior to Siemens, he held leadership roles at Acuson Corp. (subsequently acquired by Siemens), including General Manager for Acuson s Australia and New Zealand business. Andrew received a Master of Business Administration EMBA from Ashridge Business School in London, United Kingdom, and received a diploma in electronics from Sydney Technical College in Australia. 
 Mark S. Jonaitis, 63 , has served as Senior Vice President and General Manager - X-Ray Sources since January 2017. Prior to the separation of Varex from Varian, Mark served in various management positions at Varian, including most recently as vice president and general manager, X-ray Tube Products and global manufacturing. Mark joined Varian s predecessor, Varian Associates, in 1983, where he served in various product and engineering positions. Mark received his Bachelor of Science in physics from the University of Utah. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in Varex Imaging Corporation common stock involves risks and the following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1 "Business", Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Condition and Results of Operations" and Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" should be carefully considered. Although the risk factors described below are the ones management deems significant, additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that are presently known to us that we presently deem not material may also adversely affect our business operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We sell our products and services to a limited number of OEM customers, many of which are also our competitors, and a delay in an order to a future period, as well as a reduction in or loss of business of one or more of these customers has in the past and may in the future materially reduce our sales. 
 We had one customer during fiscal year 2024 that accounted for 18 of our revenue. Our ten largest customers as a group accounted for approximately 53 , 51 and 52 of our revenue for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Because we often take significant time to replace lost business, in the past our operating results have been, and in the future it is likely that our operating results would be, materially and adversely affected if one or more of our major OEM customers were to cancel, delay, or reduce orders. 
 Furthermore, we generate significant accounts receivables from the sale of our products and the provision of services directly to these customers. One customer accounted for 9.5 of our accounts receivables as of September 27, 2024. If one or more of these customers were to cancel a product order or service contract, become insolvent, or otherwise be unable or fail to pay for our products and/or services in a timely manner, our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Customer-driven changes in order forecasts is a frequent occurrence that has created and continues to create challenges for us in accurately predicting the demand or delivery schedules for our products. 
 End-user product demand, economic uncertainties, the impact of pandemic diseases, natural disasters, armed conflict, geopolitical tensions, possible legislative, tariffs, and policy reforms as a result of the recent U.S. elections, including reactionary responses to such changes from other nations, particularly China, potential social unrest and uncertainty resulting therefrom, government actions (for example, the Chinese government initiated anti-corruption investigations related to its healthcare industry), and other matters beyond our control, make it difficult for our customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, which makes it difficult for us to accurately predict demand or delivery schedules for our products. Because the manufacture of our products requires some lead-time, changes in customer purchasing forecasts have previously resulted in excess inventory and slowdowns in sales, which are likely to occur again in the future. Changes to customer forecasts can occur on short notice, as our customers face inherent competitive issues, new product introduction delays, and our business and regulatory risks. Our agreements for imaging components contain purchasing estimates that are typically based on our customers forward-looking forecasts rather than firm commitments, and actual purchasing volumes under the agreements may vary significantly from these estimates. The variation from forecasted purchasing volume may be due, in part, to the increasing life of X-ray tubes, which can result in reduced demand for replacement X-ray tubes in ways we may not be able to accurately forecast. Reductions in purchasing patterns have in the past, and may in the future, materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We compete in highly competitive industries, and we are subject to pricing pressures and other factors that have in the past and may in the future result in margin erosion and loss of customers. 
 We compete in industries characterized by rapidly evolving technology, intense competition and pricing pressure. We often compete with companies that have greater financial, marketing and other resources than us. Some of the major diagnostic imaging systems companies, which are the primary OEM customers for our X-ray imaging components, also manufacture X-ray imaging components, including X-ray tubes and flat panel detectors, for use in their own imaging systems products. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, decreased sales of our products to these customers if they manufacture a greater percentage of their components in-house or purchase components from external sources other than us, which has had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We have in the past made price and other concessions to maintain existing customers and attract new customers, and may have to make additional price concessions in the future. 
 In addition, we compete against other stand-alone, independent X-ray tube manufacturers for both the OEM business of major diagnostic imaging equipment manufacturers and the independent servicing business for X-ray tubes. The flat panel detectors industry is also very competitive, and we face intense competition from over a dozen smaller competitors. In our Industrial industry, we also compete with other OEM suppliers primarily outside of the United States. Some of our competitors outside of the United States may have resources and support from their governments that we do not, such as preferences for local manufacturers, and may not be subject to the same trade compliance regulations as us. 
 Our competitors are not all subject to the same standards, regulatory and/or other legal requirements to which we are subject and, therefore, they could have a competitive advantage in developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services. Any 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 inability to develop, gain regulatory approval for, and supply commercial quantities of competitive products to existing and potential customers as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit acceptance of our products and negatively and materially affect our pricing, sales, revenues, market share, and gross margins and our ability to maintain or increase our operating margins. 
 Our success depends on meeting our customers' needs and demands. 
 To be successful, we must anticipate our customers needs and demands, as well as potential shifts in preferences. If we are unable to anticipate these needs and demands, or the mix of products requested by our customers changes from what we expect, our revenue, margins, and financial results could be adversely affected. When the U.S. Dollar is strong compared to the operating currencies of our international customers, our ability to meet such customers pricing expectations is particularly challenging and may result in erosion of revenues, product margin, and/or market share or other concessions on business terms. 
 In addition, certain costs, including installation and warranty costs, associated with new products have been, currently are, and may in the future be proportionately greater than the costs associated with existing products and have or may therefore disproportionately, materially, and adversely affect our gross and operating margins. We may also experience lower margins due to increased commodities prices, and inadequate transfer pricing favoring sales to third parties over internal sales. If we are unable to lower these costs over time, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Some of the electronic components and integrated circuits used in our flat panel detectors are susceptible to discontinuance and obsolescence risks, which may force us to incorporate newer generations of these components, resulting in unplanned additional R D expenses, delays in the launch of new products, supply disruptions, or inventory write-downs. Further, using aging production equipment might hamper our capacity to innovate to meet customers needs and demands and stay competitive. Failure to develop and adopt artificial intelligence ("AI") technology could also hinder our competitiveness and growth potential. We may also experience challenges in developing and implementing effective product and sales strategies, leading to missed opportunities and customer dissatisfaction. 
 Our success depends on the successful development, introduction, and commercialization of new generations of products and enhancements to or simplifications of existing product lines. 
 We operate in business segments characterized by rapid change and technological innovation. Our customers use our products in their medical diagnostic, security, and industrial imaging systems, and we must continually introduce new products at competitive prices while also improving existing products with higher quality, lower costs, and increased features. We and our joint ventures have in the past spent, and in the future may need to spend, more time and money than we expect to develop, market, and introduce new products, product enhancements, and technologies. Even if we succeed in introducing new products, enhancements, or technologies as soon as expected, if at all, potential customers may not accept or purchase these new products, enhancements, or technologies, and we may not be able to recover all or a meaningful part of our investment. Once introduced, new products may materially and adversely impact sales of our existing products or make them less desirable or even obsolete, which could materially and adversely impact our revenues and operating results. 
 Furthermore, we may not be able to successfully develop, manufacture, or introduce new products or enhancements to existing products, the roll-out of which involves compliance with complex quality assurance processes, including the Quality System Regulation QSR of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). Failure to complete these processes timely and efficiently could result in delays that could affect our ability to attract and retain customers or cause customers to delay or cancel orders, which would materially and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 
 More than half of our revenue is currently generated from customers located outside the United States, and is subject to global, regional, and country-specific economic instability, shifting political environments, changing tax treatment, and other risks associated with international manufacturing, operations, and sales. 
 Revenues generated from customers located outside the United States accounted for approximately 68 , 69 , and 69 of our total revenues during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. We intend to continue to expand our presence internationally and expect to expend significant resources in doing so. Our future results could be impacted by a variety of factors, including: 
 currency fluctuations, and in particular the strength of the U.S. Dollar, which is our functional and reporting currency; 
 political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence, armed conflict, or pandemic diseases, which may among other things, impact our operations and business access; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing employee relations in foreign operations, including in foreign joint ventures, particularly in attracting and retaining personnel qualified to design, test, sell and support our products; 
 difficulties in coordinating our operations globally and in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures, and policies across our operations; 
 the longer payment cycles associated with many customers located outside the United States; 
 difficulties in interpreting or enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through many foreign countries legal systems; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 imposition of burdensome governmental regulations, including changing laws and regulations with respect to collecting and maintaining personally identifiable data; 
 governmental imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, global economic sanctions programs, or other restrictions on foreign trade; and 
 compliance with export laws and requirements. 
 Some of our locations expose us to higher security risks, which could result in both harm to our employees and contractors or substantial costs. Some of our services are performed in or adjacent to high-risk locations where the country or location and surrounding area experience political, social, or economic turmoil, war or civil unrest, or high levels of criminal or terrorist activities. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur substantial costs to maintain the safety of our personnel, and we may suffer the loss of employees and contractors, which could harm our business, reputation, and operating results. 
 We may be unable to complete future acquisitions or joint ventures or realize expected benefits from acquisitions of or investments in new businesses and joint ventures, products, or technologies, which could harm our business. 
 Our ability to identify and take advantage of attractive acquisitions or other business development opportunities (including through joint ventures) is an important component in implementing our overall business strategy. Such transactions involve a number of risks, including the following: 
 we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or successfully complete or finance identified acquisitions; 
 we may incur substantial costs, including advisory fees and diversion of management attention, in evaluating a potential transaction; 
 we may be unable to achieve the anticipated benefits from the transaction, including a return on our investment; 
 we may have difficulty integrating organizations, products, technologies, or employees of an acquired business into our operations and may have difficulty retaining the key personnel of the acquired business; 
 acquisitions, investments, and joint ventures could result in increased risks, including from potential litigation; 
 we may find that we need to restructure or divest acquired businesses or assets of the acquired business; and 
 if we fail to achieve the anticipated growth from an acquisition or joint venture, or if we decide to sell assets or a business, we may be required to dispose of a business at a lower price or on less advantageous terms, or to recognize an impairment loss on the write-down of our assets and goodwill. 
 We participate in joint ventures and other investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. For example, we hold a 40 ownership interest in dpiX LLC, our major supplier of our amorphous silicon-based thin film transistor arrays for flat panels used in our digital image detectors, a 50 interest in VEC Imaging GmbH Co. KG ("VEC"), a joint venture formed to develop technology for use in X-ray imaging components, a 75 interest in Varex Imaging Arabia LLC, a joint venture in Saudi Arabia and a minority interest in another X-ray imaging components technology company. These and other investments are subject to risk of loss of investment capital as well as losses associated with contributed or jointly developed intellectual property, or intellectual property developed at or about the same time as these investments. These types of investments are inherently risky, in some instances because customer demand and sales for the technologies or products under development may never materialize, may develop more slowly than expected, or may underperform relative to our expectations. If these companies do not succeed, we could lose or be required to write down some or all of our investment in these companies. As discussed in the risk factor " Legal proceedings may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or cash flows" , we may incur significant time, management resources, and costs to enforce our rights, protect our intellectual property and other assets, address disputes or legal claims that have arisen, are ongoing, or may arise in the future, and/or unwind, dispose of or terminate our arrangements with respect to these joint ventures and/or investments. There is no guarantee that the time and money invested by us in developing these projects, intellectual property, or product or product enhancements, will yield the expected returns on the anticipated timeline or at all. 
 Legal proceedings may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 From time to time, we are a party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings, claims, government inspections, audits or investigations, and other legal matters, both inside and outside the United States, arising in the ordinary course of our business or otherwise. Such proceedings are often lengthy, subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time consuming, and disruptive to our operations. For these and other reasons, we may choose to settle legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their actual merit. If a legal proceeding were to be ultimately resolved against us, we may be required to pay damages or fines, some of which may be in excess of our insurance coverage, or may require us to change our business practices, which could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our subsidiary Varex Imaging Deutschland AG ("Varex Germany") holds a 50 interest in VEC. In August 2023, February 2024, and August 2024, the partners to the VEC joint venture filed judicial proceedings in Germany against one another disputing the validity of shareholder resolutions passed in January 2023, January 2024, and August 2024, respectively. Each party is, in effect, seeking to have the other party s managing director(s) removed and to exclude the other party from the joint venture. If either party is successful, the prevailing party would be required to purchase the non-prevailing party s interest in the joint venture for an amount equal to 75 of the fair market value thereof, which amount is in dispute. In addition, in June 2024, Varex Germany filed an action in Germany for a (negative) declaratory judgment and an injunction against business damaging statements made by certain third parties, and in August 2024 and October 2024 Varex Germany and Varex Imaging Corporation filed additional lawsuits in Germany and the United States relating to intellectual property matters, breach of contracts and other matters. These disputes, including any determinations not in Varex Germany s favor, have diverted, are diverting, and could in the future divert management s attention, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Our subsidiary Varex Imaging International AG holds a 75 interest in Varex Imaging Arabia LLC. We currently have an ongoing dispute with our joint venture partner relative to the operation of the joint venture. This dispute could divert management's time, attention, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Product defects or misuse may result in material product or other liability or professional errors and omissions claims, litigation, investigation by regulatory authorities, or product recalls. 
 Our business exposes us to potential product and other liability claims that are inherent in the manufacture, sale, installation, servicing, and support of components that are used in medical devices and other devices that deliver radiation. Because our products, through incorporation into OEMs systems, are involved in the intentional delivery of radiation to the human body and other situations where people may come into contact with radiation, the possibility for significant personal injury or loss of life exists. Furthermore, if our x-ray inspection systems fail to detect the presence of bombs, explosives, weapons, contraband, or other threats to personal safety, this may lead to personal injury, loss of life, and extensive property damage. We may also be subject to warranty and damage claims for property damage, personal injury, or economic loss related to or resulting from any errors or defects in our products or the installation, servicing, or support of our products. Any accident or mistreatment could subject us to legal costs, litigation, adverse publicity, and damage to our reputation, whether or not our products or services were a factor. We are currently a party to certain products liability litigation which, if adversely determined, could have an adverse material impact on our financial results. If a product we design or manufacture were defective, we may be required to correct or recall the product and notify regulatory authorities. 
 We may choose to settle product liability claims against us regardless of their actual merit. A product liability action determined against us could result in adverse publicity or significant damages, including the possibility of punitive damages, and our combined financial position, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We maintain limited product liability insurance coverage. Our product liability insurance policies are expensive and have high deductible amounts and self-insured retentions. Our insurance coverage may prove to be inadequate, and future policies may not be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts, if at all. If a material claim is not insured or is in excess of our insurance coverage, we may have to pay substantial damages, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial position and/or results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to the Manufacture of our Products 
 Supply chain disruptions, including the loss of a supplier, and any inability to obtain raw materials or supplies of important components due to inflation have impacted our ability to manufacture products, have caused delays in our ability to deliver products, and have increased our costs and may continue to do so. 
 Inflation and supply chain disruptions have had, and could in the future have, an impact on our ability to manufacture certain products. Any rise in future inflation has the potential to increase our overall cost structure, and sustained inflation has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, increased shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates, and other similar effects. 
 Material shortages and delays due to inflation and other constraints have caused, and could in the future cause, us to temporarily stop production of certain products or miss opportunities to pursue additional sales of some products. We require certain raw materials, such as copper, nickel, silver, gold, lead, tungsten, iridium, rhenium, molybdenum, rhodium, niobium, zirconium, beryllium, and various high grades of steel alloy for X-ray tubes and industrial products. Worldwide demand, availability, and pricing of these raw materials have been volatile. If we are unable to obtain the materials necessary to make certain products without unreasonable delay, our customers may seek alternative suppliers or decide to in-source certain products or if we must pay more for certain materials, it could reduce our profit margin or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Further, our competitors with greater financial resources may be better able to restructure their manufacturing and supply chains in response to geopolitical and economic trends and thereby have a competitive advantage over us. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We obtain some of the components included in our products, such as transistor arrays, cesium iodide coatings and specialized integrated circuits for flat panel detectors, X-ray tube targets and windows, housings, glass frames, high-voltage cable, bearings, and various other components, from a limited group of suppliers or from sole-source suppliers. If our suppliers cease producing these or other components, prioritize other customers, fail to provide products on our delivery timelines, or become unable to continue operations, we may be unable to obtain the components from other suppliers on reasonable terms or at all, and this could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Furthermore, we may be required to obtain and qualify one or more replacement suppliers or to manufacture the components internally. Such an event could (1) require us to redesign or modify our products to incorporate new parts and/or further require us to obtain clearance, qualification, or certification of these products, including by the FDA, or obtain other applicable regulatory approvals in other countries, (2) significantly increase costs for the affected products, (3) cause material delays in the delivery of affected and other related products, or (4) prevent us from meeting our delivery obligations to our customers. 
 If we are not able to match our manufacturing capacity with demand for our products, our financial results may suffer. 
 Many of our products have a long production cycle, and we must anticipate demand for our products to ensure adequate manufacturing and testing capacity. If we are unable to anticipate demand, and our manufacturing or testing capacity does not keep pace with product demand, we will be unable to fulfill orders in a timely manner, which may negatively impact our financial results and overall business. Conversely, if demand for our products decreases, the fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity may harm our financial results, including by decreasing gross margins and increasing research and development costs as a percentage of revenue. 
 Demand for our security, industrial, and inspection products tend to be unpredictable, leading to volatility in our revenues and earnings. 
 The demand for our security and inspection products is heavily influenced by United States and foreign governmental policies on national and homeland security, border protection, and customs activities, which depend upon levels of government employment, government debt, and government budgets and appropriations that are subject to economic conditions, political changes, and oil prices. Even when government budgets and appropriations levels, economic and political conditions, and oil prices are favorable it is difficult to predict when governments may issue requests for bids, complete their bid process and award tenders, which tends to lead to volatility in our revenues and earnings. 
 Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural or other disasters, the effects of climate change, power loss, strikes, and other events beyond our control. 
 We conduct some of our activities, including manufacturing, research and development, administration, and data processing at facilities located in areas that have in the past experienced or may in the future experience natural disasters. A major disaster (such as a major fire, hurricane, earthquake, flood, tsunami, volcanic eruption, or terrorist attack) or a climate change-related event affecting our facilities, or those of our suppliers, could significantly disrupt our operations and delay or prevent product manufacture and shipment during the time required to repair, rebuild, or replace our or our suppliers damaged manufacturing facilities. These delays could be lengthy and costly. If any of our customers facilities are adversely affected by such a disaster or event, shipments of our products could be delayed. Additionally, customers may delay purchases of our products until our or their operations return to normal. Even if our suppliers or customers are able to quickly respond to such a disaster or event, the ongoing effects could create some uncertainty in the operations of our business. In addition, concerns about terrorism, the effects of a terrorist attack, political turmoil, or an outbreak of epidemic diseases have in the past had, and could in the future have, a negative effect on our business operations, those of our suppliers and customers, and the ability to travel, resulting in adverse consequences on our revenues and financial performance. 
 Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Information Systems 
 Our competitive position would be harmed if we are not able to maintain or defend our intellectual property rights, and protecting our intellectual property and defending against infringement claims can be costly. 
 We file applications as appropriate for patents covering new products and manufacturing processes. We cannot provide assurance, however, that patents will be issued from any of our pending or future patent applications or that our current patents, the claims allowed under our current patents, or patents for technologies licensed to us will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology position against competitors. We also jointly develop intellectual property with third parties and seek to protect our rights to such intellectual property through licenses and other contractual arrangements. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We also rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret, and other laws, and contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying and transferring title (including confidentiality agreements with vendors, strategic partners, co-developers, employees, consultants, and other third parties), to protect our proprietary, and other confidential rights. Our trade secrets may become known to or be independently developed by others, including as a result of misappropriation by unauthorized access to our technology systems, and our business and financial results could be materially and adversely impacted. We have trademarks, both registered and unregistered, that are maintained and enforced to provide customer recognition for our products in the marketplace, but unauthorized parties may still use them. We also license certain patented or proprietary technologies from others. In some cases, products with substantial revenues may depend on these license rights. If we were to lose the rights to license these technologies, or our costs to license these technologies were to materially increase, our business would suffer. 
 There is a substantial amount of litigation over patent and other intellectual property rights in the industries in which we compete. Our competitors, like companies in many high technology businesses, continually review other companies activities for possible conflicts with their own intellectual property rights. In addition, non-practicing entities may review our activities for conflicts with their patent rights. From time to time, we have received notices from parties asserting infringement, and we have been subject to lawsuits alleging infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights. In addition, from time to time we have entered, and in the future we may enter, into agreements that require us to indemnify our customers for intellectual property infringement, which agreements could subject us to liability. Legal disputes relating to intellectual property have occurred, are occurring, and may occur in the future. Any dispute regarding patents or other intellectual property, including with respect to breaches of licensing agreements or other contractual arrangements, could be costly and time consuming and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. We may not prevail in a dispute. We do not maintain insurance for intellectual property infringement, so costs of defense, whether or not we are successful in defending an infringement claim, will be borne by us and could be significant. If we are unsuccessful in defending or appealing an infringement claim or claims alleging other contractual breaches, we may be subject to significant damages, and our combined financial position, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to injunctions against development and sale of our products, the effect of which could be a material reduction of our revenues. Additionally, as we expand our manufacturing capabilities outside of the United States, more of our intellectual property may be held in jurisdictions that lack robust intellectual property protections, which may make it harder for us to adequately protect our intellectual property. 
 Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems may materially and adversely affect our business and customer relations. 
 Information technology (including technology from third-party providers) helps us operate efficiently, interface with and support our customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and produce our financial statements. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and information of customers, suppliers, business partners, and third parties accessing our website, patient data, and personally identifiable information of customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks, as well as in third-party off-site data centers. Despite security measures, there is an increasing threat of information security breaches and attacks, including from computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, employee misuse, human error, and cyber-attacks that pose risks to companies, including us. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently, have become increasingly sophisticated, and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures, which could result in data leaks or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and materially disrupt our operations. Such security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of information and intellectual property, litigation, and possible liability to employees, customers, shareholders, and/or regulatory authorities. If our data management or other systems do not effectively collect, secure, store, process, or report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, service interruptions, software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our operating results internally and externally. 
 We use certain cloud-based software. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers network security and systems, or of third-party hosting services could disrupt access to our customers stored information and could lead to the loss of, damage to, or public disclosure of our customers stored information, including patient health information. Such an event could have serious negative consequences, including possible patient injury, regulatory action, fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for our solutions, an unwillingness of our customers to use our solutions, harm to our reputation and brand, and time-consuming and expensive litigation, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial results. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 Changes in import/export regulatory regimes, tariffs, and national policies have in the past and could continue to negatively impact our business. 
 As a component manufacturer, our products are integrated into the systems and products of our OEM customers. If the United States, China or other countries levy new or increase existing tariffs, import restrictions, duties or other additional taxes or restrictions on our customers' products, the demand for such products, and our components included in such products, could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Uncertainty over tariffs and trade wars could also cause our customers to delay or cancel orders for our products. 
 In the past, the United States has imposed tariffs on items imported from China and other countries that are incorporated into our products. Tariffs on these items have increased our costs and prices and lowered gross margins on some of our products, thereby having a direct adverse impact on our business and results of operations. China has also imposed retaliatory tariffs that impact a number of our products, including United States origin X-ray tubes, heat exchange units, and certain flat panel detectors. These tariffs have increased our customers costs for products imported into China, which has caused us to make, and may in the future require us to make, price concessions on some products and has caused, and may in the future cause, some customers to stop purchasing our products. 
 Tariffs could limit our ability and our customers' ability to compete in China, which could cause our long-term prospects in China to suffer. The imposition of additional tariffs by the United States could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by China and other countries, as well as further retaliatory actions by any affected country, which could negatively impact global imaging equipment sales and could have a significant adverse effect on our business. 
 Both the governments of the United States and China have granted tariff exclusions that temporarily eliminate duties payable for specific commodities, providing partial relief from such tariffs, but with certain exceptions, they must be solicited and approved. There is no guarantee that such exclusions will be granted or extended by either government, and the United States tariff exclusions are set to expire on May 31, 2025, unless extended. 
 In addition to tariffs, China s stated policy of reducing its dependence on foreign manufacturers and technology companies may result in reduced demand for our products and our customers' products in China, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial position. There are risks that the Chinese government may, among other things, require the use of local suppliers, compel companies that do business in China to partner with local companies to conduct business, or provide incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local suppliers rather than companies like ours, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. 
 Any of the foregoing factors could require us to reconsider our current operating model, including whether we can continue to operate in specifically impacted locations, or if we need to relocate or otherwise restructure existing operations. Such changes may require us to invest significant additional capital we had anticipated using for other purposes such as expanding existing operations, entering new markets, or paying down debt. Diversion of these funds from their anticipated uses could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and our ability to pay down or restructure our existing debt. 
 The Chinese government investigations into corruption in its healthcare industry is ongoing. This has had a broad-based impact on the healthcare industry in China and slowed sales of healthcare products there. As a result, our sales in China have also slowed. We currently anticipate the campaign to continue at least through the end of fiscal year 2025, and this could continue to adversely impact revenues in our China business. 
 Increasing tensions between countries, such as China and Taiwan, as well as local conflicts including the Ukraine-Russia war and the ongoing conflict in Israel and Gaza may lead the United States and/or other countries to impose new tariffs and sanctions or strengthen existing tariffs and sanctions, enact boycotts and embargoes, and otherwise seek to limit or stop the flow of goods to or from involved countries. In the past such actions both in China and Russia, have caused, and could in the future cause, significant disruptions in the regions and industries we serve and in our supply chain, as well as decrease demand from customers for the ultimate products using our solutions and materially harm our business, financial condition, and result of operation. We have experienced this both in China and Russia. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 A change in the percentage of our total earnings from international sales or additional changes in tax laws could increase our effective tax rate. 
 Earnings from our international subsidiaries are generally taxed at rates that differ from United States rates. A change in the percentage of our total earnings from our international subsidiaries, a change in the mix of particular tax jurisdictions between our international subsidiaries, or a change in currency exchange rates could cause our effective tax rate to increase. Furthermore, while United States tax reform imposed a current tax on cumulative undistributed earnings, these earnings could also become subject to incremental foreign withholding or United States state taxes should they actually be remitted to the United States, in which case our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Statutory changes included in proposed United States legislation, if passed, including interpretive guidance, could materially impact our income tax expense, effective tax rate, or the value of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, changes in tax laws or rates, changes in the interpretation of tax laws in other jurisdictions, or other changes beyond our control could materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We have entities in certain jurisdictions with cumulative net operating losses for which no income tax benefit can be recorded due to full valuation allowance positions. There could be additional future losses in these and other jurisdictions that would negatively impact our effective tax rate. 
 Compliance with foreign laws and regulations applicable to the marketing, manufacturing, and distribution of our products may be costly, and failure to comply may result in unfavorable legal proceedings, in significant penalties and other harm to our business. 
 Outside the United States, some of our products are regulated as medical devices by foreign governmental agencies similar to the FDA. For us to market our products internationally, we must obtain clearances or approvals for products and product modifications, which can be time consuming, expensive, uncertain, and which can delay our ability to market products. Delays in the receipt of or failure to receive regulatory approvals, the inclusion of significant limitations on the indicated uses of a product, the loss of previously obtained approvals or failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements could restrict or prevent us from doing business in a country or subject us to a variety of enforcement actions and civil or criminal penalties, which would materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, compliance with changing regulatory schemes may add additional complexity, cost, and delays in marketing, or selling our products. 
 Within the European Union ("EU") and the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we must obtain, and in turn affix, a CE mark certification, that indicates that a product meets the essential requirements of the EU s Medical Device Directive MDD and the EU Medical Device Regulations. By affixing the CE mark to our product, we are certifying that our products comply with the laws and regulations required by the EU/EEA countries, thereby allowing the free movement of our products within these countries and others that accept CE mark standards. If we cannot support our performance claims and demonstrate compliance with the applicable European laws and the MDD, we would lose our right to affix the CE mark to our products, which would prevent us from selling our products within the EU/EEA/Switzerland territory and in other countries that recognize the CE mark. 
 We are subject to international laws and regulations of general applicability relating to matters such as environmental protection, safe working conditions, and manufacturing practices, as well as others. These are often comparable to, or more stringent than, equivalent regulations in the United States. Sales overseas are also affected by regulation of matters such as product standards, packaging, labeling, environmental and product recycling requirements, import and export restrictions, tariffs, duties, and taxes. 
 In addition, we are required to timely file various reports with international regulatory authorities similar to the reports we are required to timely file with United States regulatory authorities, including reports required by international adverse event reporting regulations. If these reports are not timely filed, regulators may impose sanctions, including temporarily suspending our market authorizations or CE mark, and sales of our products may suffer as a result. 
 As we enter new businesses or pursue new business opportunities internationally, or as regulatory schemes change, we may become subject to additional laws, rules, and regulations, and compliance can be costly. The failure by us or our agents to comply with these laws, rules, and regulations could delay the introduction of new products, cause reputational harm, or result in investigations, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, criminal prosecution, or an inability to sell our products in or to import our products into certain countries, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Compliance with United States laws and regulations applicable to the marketing, manufacturing, and distribution of our products may be costly, and failure or delays in obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals, or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 If we or any of our suppliers, distributors, agents, or customers fail to comply with FDA, Federal Trade Commission, or other applicable United States regulatory requirements or are perceived to have failed to comply with regulations, we may face: 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; 
 increased pressures from competitors; 
 investigations by governmental authorities; 
 fines, injunctions, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution; 
 partial suspension or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; 
 increased difficulty in obtaining required clearances or approvals or losses of clearances or approvals already granted; 
 seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; 
 delays in purchasing decisions by customers or cancellation of existing orders; 
 the inability to sell our products; and 
 difficulty in obtaining product liability or operating insurance at a reasonable cost, or at all. 
 Generally, our manufacturing operations for medical devices, and those of our third-party manufacturers, are required to comply with the QSR of the FDA, as well as other federal and state regulations for medical devices and radiation-emitting products. Failure to respond in a timely manner to a warning letter or any other notice of noncompliance with applicable regulations and/or procedures and to promptly come into compliance could result in the FDA bringing an enforcement action, which could include the total shutdown of our production facilities, denial of importation rights to the United States for products manufactured in overseas locations, adverse publicity, and criminal and civil fines. The expense and costs of any corrective actions that we may take, which may include product recalls, product correction, removal of products from customer sites, or changes to our product manufacturing and quality systems, could materially and adversely impact our financial results and may also divert management resources, attention, and time. Additionally, if a warning letter were issued, customers could delay purchasing decisions or cancel orders, and we could face increased pressure from our competitors, who could use the warning letter against us in competitive sales situations, either of which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, and stock price. 
 We produce some products that are classified as "Class II" devices subject to 510(k) pre-market notification clearance. A new medical device or a new indication for use of, or other significant change in, any such products, or the development of a new Class II device would require us to obtain a new 501(k) clearance before we could market or sell those products in the United States. We cannot ensure that the FDA will agree with our decisions not to seek additional approvals or clearances for particular modifications to our products or that we will be successful in obtaining new 510(k) clearances for new products or for modifications to existing products. Obtaining clearances or approvals is time consuming, expensive, and uncertain. Furthermore, even if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses of the product, which may limit the potential customers for the product. If we are unable to obtain required FDA clearance or approval for a product or are unduly delayed in doing so, or the uses of that product were limited, our business could suffer. 
 We are required to timely file various reports with the FDA, including reports required by the medical device reporting regulations MDRs ), that require we report to regulatory authorities if our devices may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. If we initiate a correction or removal of a device to reduce a risk to health posed by the device, we would be required to submit a publicly available correction and removal report to the FDA and, in many cases, similar reports to other regulatory agencies. This report could be classified by the FDA as a device recall, which could lead to increased scrutiny by the FDA, other international regulatory agencies, and our customers regarding the quality and safety of our devices. If these MDRs or correction and removal reports are not filed on a timely basis, regulators may impose sanctions, sales of our products may suffer, and we may be subject to product liability or regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our business. 
 Government regulation may also cause significant delays or prevent the marketing and full commercialization of future products or services that we may develop and/or may impose costly requirements on our business. As we enter new businesses or pursue new business opportunities, we will become subject to additional laws, rules, and regulations, including FDA and foreign rules and regulations and compliance can be costly. Failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could delay the introduction of new products and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws and regulations of general applicability relating to matters such as environmental protection, safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, and other matters. Insurance coverage is not commercially available for violations of law, including the fines, penalties, or investigatory costs that we may incur as the consequence of regulatory violations. Consequently, we do not have insurance that would cover this type of liability. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We sell certain X-ray tube products as replacements which are subject to medical device certification and product registration laws and regulations that vary by country and are subject to change, and we may be unable to receive registration approval or renewal of existing registrations. 
 We market and distribute certain X-ray tubes through distributors and third-party/multi-vendor service organizations that are used as equivalent replacements for specific OEM tubes. We are subject to medical device certification and product registration laws, that vary by country and are subject to periodic reviews and changes by regulatory authorities in those countries. Certain of these local laws and regulations have the effect of serving as a barrier to trade and can be difficult to navigate predictably. In addition, certain countries where we sell our products require products to undergo re-registration if the product is altered in any significant way. These registration processes can be costly and time consuming, and customers may decide to purchase products from our competitors that do not have to be involved in a re-registration process. In addition, our inability to receive or renew product registrations may prevent us from marketing and/or distributing those particular products for replacement applications in the specific country. 
 Existing and future healthcare reforms and changes to reimbursement rates, may indirectly have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Sales of our products to OEMs in the medical sector indirectly depend on whether adequate reimbursement is available for our customers products from a variety of sources, such as government healthcare insurance programs, including U.S. Medicare and Medicaid programs, foreign government programs, private insurance plans, health maintenance organizations, and preferred provider organizations. Without adequate reimbursement, the demand for our customers products, and therefore indirectly our products, may be limited, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Healthcare reform proposals and medical cost containment measures in the United States and in many foreign countries could limit the use of both ours and our customers products, reduce reimbursement available for such use, further tax the sale or use of our products, and further increase the administrative and financial burden of compliance. Any changes that lower reimbursements for us or our customers products and/or procedures using these products, including, for example, existing reimbursement incentives to convert from analog to digital X-ray systems, or changes that reduce medical procedure volumes or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws governing our business practices which, if violated, could result in substantial penalties. Additionally, challenges to or investigations into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to and thus could harm our business. 
 Anti-corruption laws and regulations . We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-corruption laws, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. Any violation of these laws by us or our agents or distributors could create substantial liability for us, subject our officers and directors to personal liability, and cause a loss of reputation. We operate in many countries, including India and China, where the public sector is perceived as being corrupt. Our strategic business plans include expanding our business in regions and countries that are rated as higher risk for corruption activity by Transparency International e.V., an international non-profit that publishes an annual corruption perception index, which could subject us and our officers and directors to increased scrutiny and increased liability from our business operations. Becoming familiar with and implementing the infrastructure necessary to comply with laws, rules, and regulations applicable to new business activities and mitigating and protecting against corruption risks could be costly. Failure by us or our agents or distributors to comply with these laws, rules, and regulations could delay our expansion into high-growth areas and materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Competition and trade compliance laws . We are subject to various competition and trade compliance laws in the jurisdictions where we operate throughout the world. Regulatory authorities in those jurisdictions may have the power to subject us to sanctions and impose changes or conditions in the way we conduct our business. An increasing number of jurisdictions provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct and seek damages. Increased government scrutiny of our actions or enforcement or private rights of action could materially and adversely affect our business or damage our reputation. We may be required to conduct internal investigations or face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies, which could be costly and time consuming and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines and criminal or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Furthermore, competition laws may prohibit or increase the cost of future acquisitions that we may desire to undertake. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Laws and ethical rules governing interactions with healthcare providers . We may occasionally sell our products to healthcare providers through distributors or otherwise engage healthcare providers to provide services. The U.S. Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback laws, and similar state laws, prohibit payments or other remuneration that is intended to induce hospitals, physicians, or others either to refer patients or to purchase, lease, or order, or to arrange for or recommend the purchase, lease, or order of healthcare products or services for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. These laws affect our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements we may have with hospitals, physicians, or other potential purchasers of our products. They particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including discount practices, customer support, education and training programs, physician consulting, research grants, and other fee-for-service arrangements. These laws are broadly written, and it is often difficult to determine precisely how these laws will be applied to specific circumstances. 
 Federal and state false claims laws generally prohibit knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government payors that are false or fraudulent, or for items or services that were not provided as claimed. Although we do not submit claims directly to payors, manufacturers can be, and have been, held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or through certain other activities, including promoting products for uses not approved or cleared by the FDA, which is called off-label promotion. Violating anti-kickback and false claims laws can result in civil and criminal penalties, which can be substantial, as well as potential mandatory or discretionary exclusion from healthcare programs for noncompliance. Even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to defend and thus could harm our business and results of operations. Additionally, several recently enacted state and federal laws, including laws in Massachusetts and Vermont, and the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, now require, among other things, extensive tracking and maintenance of databases regarding the disclosure of equity ownership and payments to physicians, healthcare providers, and hospitals. These laws may require us to implement the necessary and costly infrastructure to track and report certain payments to healthcare providers. Failure to comply with these tracking and reporting laws could subject us to significant civil monetary penalties. 
 Other laws. We are subject to other laws in foreign countries where we conduct business. For example, within the EU, the control of unlawful marketing activities is a matter of national law in each of the member states. The member states of the EU closely monitor perceived unlawful marketing activities. We could face civil, criminal, and administrative sanctions if any member state determines that we have breached such state s national laws. Industry associations also closely monitor the activities of member companies. If these organizations or authorities name us as having breached our obligations under their regulations, rules, or standards, our reputation would suffer, and our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Certain of our products are subject to regulations relating to use of radioactive material, compliance with which may be costly, and a failure to comply with these regulations may materially and adversely affect our business. 
 As a manufacturer and seller of medical devices and devices emitting radiation or utilizing radioactive by-product material, we and some of our suppliers and distributors are subject to extensive regulation by United States governmental authorities, such as the FDA, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission NRC ), and state and local regulatory agencies, which is intended to ensure the devices are safe and effective and comply with laws governing products which emit, produce, or control radiation. These regulations govern, among other things, the design, development, testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, import/export, sale, marketing, and disposal of our products. We are also subject to international laws and regulations that apply to manufacturers of radiation-emitting devices and products utilizing radioactive materials. These are often comparable to, if not more stringent than, the equivalent regulations in the United States. 
 Our industrial and medical devices utilizing radioactive material are subject to NRC clearance and approval requirements, and the manufacture and sale of these products are subject to extensive federal and state regulation that varies from state to state and among regions. Our manufacture, distribution, installation, service, and removal of industrial devices utilizing radioactive material or emitting radiation also requires us to obtain a number of licenses and certifications for these devices and materials. Service of these products must also be performed in accordance with specific radioactive materials licenses. Obtaining licenses and certifications may be time consuming, expensive, and uncertain. 
 The handling and disposal of radioactive materials resulting from the manufacture, use, or disposal of our products may impose significant costs and requirements. Disposal sites for the lawful disposal of materials generated by the manufacture, use, or decommissioning of our products may no longer accept these substances in the future or may accept them on unfavorable terms. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental laws impose compliance costs on our business and may also result in liability. 
 Environmental laws regulate many aspects of our operations, including our handling, storage, transport, and disposal of hazardous substances, such as the chemicals and materials that we use in the course of our manufacturing operations. They can also impose cleanup liabilities, including with respect to discontinued operations. Like other businesses, we may mishandle or inadequately manage hazardous substances used in our manufacturing operations and can never completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from certain materials that we use in our business and, therefore, we cannot completely eliminate the prospect of resulting claims and damage payments. We may also be assessed fines and/or other penalties for failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations. Insurance has provided coverage for portions of cleanup costs resulting from historical occurrences, but we do not expect to maintain insurance coverage for costs or claims that might result from any future contamination. 
 Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement we entered into with Varian Medical Systems, Inc. ("Varian") when we spun off from Varian, we are obligated to indemnify Varian for 20 of the cleanup liabilities related to prior corporate restructuring activities undertaken while we were a division of Varian. This includes facilities sold as part of Varian s electron devices business in 1995 and thin film systems business in 1997. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA or third parties have named Varian as a potentially responsible party under the amended Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ), at sites to which Varian or the facilities of the businesses sold in 1995 and 1997 were alleged to have shipped waste for recycling or disposal (the CERCLA sites ). We anticipate that we will be obligated to reimburse Varian for 20 of the liabilities of Varian related to these CERCLA sites (after adjusting for any insurance proceeds or tax benefits received by Varian). We assess this indemnification obligation quarterly with Varian and make accruals accordingly. These accruals have historically been small, but can sometimes fluctuate significantly from period to period. For example, during the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, Varian informed us of an adjustment to their estimate of their liability, which resulted in an increase in our liability of approximately 2.9 million, net of expected insurance proceeds. 
 Future changes in environmental laws could also increase our costs of doing business, perhaps significantly. Several countries, including some in the EU, now require medical equipment manufacturers to bear certain disposal costs of products at the end of the product s useful life, thereby increasing its costs. The EU has also adopted directives that may lead to restrictions on the use of certain hazardous substances or other regulated substances in some of our products sold there. These directives, along with another that requires substance information to be provided upon request, could increase our operating costs by increasing the cost of maintaining our access to certain customers. All of these costs, and any future violations or liabilities under environmental laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 The Revolving Credit Facility, Equipment Credit Facility, and the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes impose significant operating and financial restrictions that may limit our current and future operating flexibility, particularly our ability to respond to changes in the economy or our industry or to take certain actions, which could harm our long-term interests and may limit our ability to make payments on the notes. Because our Convertible Notes mature in June 2025, failure to maintain sufficient liquidity and/or to refinance our Convertible Notes could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 As of September 27, 2024, our total combined indebtedness was approximately 446.6 million of principal, including 200.0 million of 4.00 Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes due 2025 (the "Convertible Notes") and 243.0 million of 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the Senior Secured Notes ). For more information regarding our borrowings, see Note 9, Borrowings of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report. 
 The Credit Agreement, Equipment Credit Agreement, and the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes impose significant operational and financial restrictions on us that include, but are not limited to our ability to: 
 incur, assume, or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof); 
 pay dividends or certain other distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness; 
 prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain debt; 
 issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; 
 incur liens on assets; 
 make certain loans, investments, or other restricted payments; 
 allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 alter the business that we conduct; and 
 sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 
 unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; 
 limited in our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or increasing the cost of such borrowing; 
 challenged in satisfying our obligations, including our debt obligations; 
 vulnerable to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest; 
 required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures, or other general corporate purposes; 
 disadvantaged compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt; or 
 unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 A breach of the covenants under the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes, the Revolving Credit Facility, or Equipment Credit Facility could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. Such a default, if not cured or waived, may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, may result in the acceleration of any other debt that is subject to an applicable cross-acceleration or cross-default provision, and would permit the respective lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Equipment Credit Facility to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under those credit facilities. Furthermore, if we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the Revolving Credit Facility or the Equipment Credit Facility, those lenders could proceed against the collateral securing such indebtedness. In the event our lenders or holders of the notes accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 If our cash requirements in the future are greater than expected or our cash flow from operations is less than expected, our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt. Our Convertible Notes mature in June 2025, and the conversion price is currently significantly above the trading price of our common stock, so we currently anticipate we will need to refinance the Convertible Notes through a combination of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and cash. Any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. Additionally, the indenture relating to our Senior Secured Notes limits the use of the proceeds from any disposition of our assets. As a result, the indenture may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy our debt service obligations. 
 Our ability to continue to have the necessary liquidity to operate our business may be adversely impacted by a number of factors, and a deterioration of our results of operations and cash flow resulting from decreases in customer spending, could, among other things, impact our ability to comply with the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and the consolidated total net leverage ratio contained in our Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility. 
 Our historical sources of liquidity to fund ongoing cash requirements include cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings through our previous credit facility, and debt offerings. The sufficiency and availability of credit may be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the tightening of the credit markets, including lending by financial institutions who are sources of credit for our borrowing and liquidity; an increase in the cost of capital; the reduced availability of credit; our ability to execute our strategy; the level of our cash flows, which will be impacted by customer demand for our products; compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio that is included in our Revolving Credit Facility and our Equipment Credit Facility; and interest rate fluctuations. We cannot predict the future level of interest rates or the effect of any increase in interest rates on the availability or aggregate cost of our borrowings. We cannot be certain that any additional required financing, whether debt or equity, will be available in amounts needed or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility each contain a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.00 and a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio (the CTNL Ratio ). For the period from March 26, 2024 to the fiscal quarter ending June 27, 2025, the CTNL Ratio may not exceed 4.25:1.00, for the period from the fiscal quarter ending September 26, 2025 to June 26, 2026, the CTNL Ratio may not exceed 3.75:1.00, and for the period from the fiscal quarter ending September 25, 2026 and thereafter, the CTNL Ratio may not exceed 3.50:1.00. Each ratio is tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. Adverse developments in the economy in the past have led, and in the future could lead to reduced spending by our customers and end-users which could adversely impact our net sales and cash flow, which could affect our ability to comply with one or both of these ratios. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 We entered into certain hedging positions that may affect the value of the Convertible Notes and the volatility and value of our common stock. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into certain convertible note hedge transactions. These hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution of our common stock on any conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of such converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. The counterparties to these hedging positions or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock or purchasing or selling our common stock in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Notes or following any repurchase of Convertible Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise) which could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Convertible Notes and could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditions for optional conversion of the Convertible Notes by holders are met before the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 1, 2025, holders of the Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert the Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by settling all or a portion of our conversion obligation in cash, it could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital and may seriously harm our business. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, any sales of our common stock issuable on such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock, any of which could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 General Risks 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls and procedures could negatively impact us. 
 In the past, we have not always been successful in maintaining effective internal controls and procedures. Internal control over financial reporting is complex and may be revised over time to adapt to changes in our business or changes in applicable accounting rules. We cannot assure that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future or that material weaknesses will not be discovered with respect to a prior period for which we had previously believed that internal controls were effective. If our internal controls and procedures are not effective, our financial statements may not accurately reflect the results of our business and operations. In addition, there could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements, which could affect our stock price. 
 Our business is subject to evolving Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG requirements and stakeholder expectations that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 Regulators, customers, investors, and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on ESG issues and related disclosures. Changing ESG requirements and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. We may also communicate certain ESG initiatives and goals in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. If our ESG-related data, processes, and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our ESG goals on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our customers have adopted, and may continue to adopt, procurement policies that require us to comply with social and environmental provisions. An increasing number of investors have adopted, and may continue to adopt, ESG policies for their portfolio companies, and various voluntary sustainability initiatives and organizations have promulgated different social and environmental and sustainability guidelines. These practices, policies, provisions, and initiatives are under active development, subject to change, can be unpredictable and conflicting, and may prove difficult and expensive for us to comply with and could negatively affect our reputation, business, or financial condition. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to retain, attract, expand, integrate, and train our management team and other key personnel, we may not be able to maintain or expand our business. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain, attract, expand, integrate, and train our management team and other key personnel, such as qualified engineering, service, sales, marketing, manufacturing, and other staff. We compete for key personnel with other medical equipment and software manufacturers and technology companies, as well as universities and research institutions. We have observed a competitive labor market over the past several years, particularly in Utah, where unemployment rates are relatively low. As a result, compensation-related costs have increased and could continue to increase. Additionally, our United States-based employees, including our senior management team, work for us on an at-will basis, and there is no assurance that any such employees will remain with us. Replacing key employees may take an extended period of time, and to the extent we hire employees from competitors, we also may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or divulged proprietary or other confidential information. Freezing new positions or terminating existing ones could hinder our ability to execute our strategic plan and achieve growth targets, resulting in long-term sacrifices for short-term gains. If we are unable to retain or hire and train qualified personnel, we may not be able to maintain or expand our business. Similarly, if we fail to adequately invest in leadership training and career development resources this could limit employee growth, lead to shortages of skilled personnel, hinder effective management and decision making, and hamper overall organizational success. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 We depend on information systems and technology in many aspects of our business, including running our manufacturing operations and communicating among our employees, suppliers and customers. Such uses of information systems and technology give rise to cybersecurity risks, including risk of system disruption, security breach, ransomware, theft, and inadvertent release of information. We have a risk-based cybersecurity program and a dedicated team of cybersecurity professionals focused on protecting our data and information systems. These cybersecurity threats and related risks make it necessary for us to stay apprised of developments in the information security field, and dedicate resources on cybersecurity. With Board of Directors and Audit Committee oversight, as part of our annual enterprise-wide risk management process, we assess and manage the material risks associated with cybersecurity. 
 To identify, assess, and manage material cybersecurity risks, our team uses a cybersecurity risk assessment process aligned with leading frameworks such as the Cyber Security Framework of the National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") and the Center for Internet Security CIS Critical Security Controls. Our cybersecurity risk assessment program provides the underlying basis for the activities of our team to identify and mitigate risks from, as well as develop risk management and response strategies for, evolving and emerging cybersecurity threats. 
 Our cybersecurity program includes a variety of processes to assess, identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats arising from our own and third-party provided systems, including information security policies and procedures, simulation exercises, network and endpoint monitoring and detection tools, vulnerability management processes, risk assessments, third-party penetration testing and security requirements for our suppliers, vendors, and service providers. We have also engaged third parties to enhance and strengthen our cybersecurity program, to provide additional capabilities and support, and to provide periodic independent assessments and evaluations of our cybersecurity program, including through table top exercises to simulate responses to cybersecurity incidents, and other professional services. 
 We also monitor and test our safeguards and train our employees on cybersecurity safeguards related to our information technology systems. Our employees are required to take periodic training on cybersecurity and data privacy, and we conduct regular phishing email simulations to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats. We carry information security risk insurance that provides protection against certain defined potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. 
 In the event of a suspected incident, our incident response plan outlines the steps to be followed from incident detection to mitigation, recovery and notification, including notifying the head of our Information Technology department Head of IT and functional areas (e.g., legal and human resources) as appropriate. This includes processes for assessing such incidents for materiality, making required notifications, disclosures or communications and determining, among other things, whether any prohibition on the trading of our common stock by insiders should be imposed prior to the disclosure of information about a material cybersecurity event. 
 27 

We describe whether and how risks from identified cybersecurity threats have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report, which disclosures are incorporated by reference herein. In the last three fiscal years, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents and the expenses we have incurred from cybersecurity incidents were immaterial. This includes penalties and settlements, of which there were none. 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Our Board of Directors, both directly and through the delegation of responsibilities to the Audit Committee, is responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. At least annually, the Audit Committee receives an overview from management of our cybersecurity strategy, programs, and risk mitigation activities, as well as other developments and action items related to cybersecurity. In its meetings, the Audit Committee has the opportunity to discuss these matters with the head of our Information Technology department and other members of executive management. Members of the Board are also encouraged to engage in ad hoc conversations with management on cybersecurity-related news events and discuss any updates to our cybersecurity risk management and strategy programs. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes are managed by the head of our Information Technology department, and our IT team is responsible for enterprise-wide informational technology, coordinating with various functions and business groups to ensure they are following best practices. 
 The head of our Information Technology department, along with our cybersecurity program manager, are principally responsible for overseeing the risks related to cybersecurity. They are responsible for cybersecurity incident preparedness, approving cybersecurity processes, reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports, and providing the senior leadership with regular updates on cybersecurity-related matters. These team members combined have more than 39 years of experience in technology and information security risk management across a number of organizations, have multiple relevant technical and governance certifications, and are active in a number of cybersecurity related boards and organizations. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Salt Lake City, Utah, where we own approximately 37 acres of land and approximately 495,000 square feet of space used for manufacturing, administrative functions, and research and development for both our Medical and Industrial segments. We also own or lease 30 other facilities throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and India that comprise over 864,000 square feet of manufacturing facilities, warehouses, sales and service, research and development, and office space, which are used for our Medical and/or Industrial segments, depending on the location. 
 In addition to our location in Salt Lake City, Utah, our other primary owned facilities are located in Las Vegas, Nevada; Franklin Park, Illinois; and Doetinchem, the Netherlands. Our Las Vegas, Nevada facility has approximately 5 acres of land and 94,000 square feet of space used for manufacturing, administrative functions, and research and development for our Industrial segment. Our Franklin Park, Illinois facility has approximately 6 acres of land and approximately 61,000 square feet of space used for manufacturing, administrative functions, and research and development for both our Medical and Industrial segments. Our Doetinchem, Netherlands facility is approximately 3 acres and has approximately 100,000 square feet of space used for manufacturing, engineering, administrative functions, and research and development for our Medical and Industrial segments. 
 Primary leased facilities include approximately 288,000 square feet in Laguna, Philippines, approximately 46,000 square feet in Wuxi, China, approximately 34,000 square feet in Bremen, Germany, approximately 34,000 of square feet in Walluf, Germany, and approximately 26,000 square feet in San Jose, California, all of which are used for manufacturing, research and development, or administrative functions for our Medical and Industrial segments. 
 We believe our current facilities are well-maintained and adequate to meet our current and reasonably anticipated future needs. We believe we will be able to renew leases, as needed, on acceptable terms or that we will be able to find suitable alternatives. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to various claims, complaints and legal actions in the normal course of business from time to time. The resolution of such claims, complaints, and legal actions is subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time consuming and disruptive to our operations. At the present time, we do not believe we have any current or pending litigation for which the outcome could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. 
 28 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Varex's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the NASDAQ under the symbol VREX. 
 Since our inception, we have not paid any cash dividends and have no current plan to pay cash dividends on Varex common stock. As of November 14, 2024, there were approximately 1,234 holders of record of Varex common stock. This number does not include beneficial owners holding shares in "nominee" or "street" name. 
 This graph shows the total return on VREX common stock for the five years ended September 27, 2024, with comparative total returns for the Russell 2000 Index RUT and the Dow Jones Medical Equipment Index DJUSAM ). The graph below assumes that 100.00 was invested on September 27, 2019 in our common stock and the companies listed in the RUT and the DJUSAM, as well as a reinvestment of dividends paid on such investments throughout the period. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial or operating performance that involve risks and uncertainties, as set forth above under "Forward-Looking Statements." Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Business 
 Varex Imaging Corporation is a leading innovator, designer and manufacturer of X-ray imaging components including X-ray tubes, flat panel and photon counting detectors and accessories, linear accelerators, and image software processing solutions, which 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 are critical components of a variety of X-ray based imaging equipment, and stand-alone X-ray based systems in select application areas. Our success depends, among other things, on our ability to anticipate and respond to changes in our business, the direction of technological innovation, and the demand from our customers. For additional information on our business, see Item 1 "Business". 
 Impact of General Economic Environment 
 We remain cautious about the general economic environment as many factors remain dynamic and unpredictable. The uncertain economic and geopolitical environment, supply chain and logistic challenges, and geopolitical tensions and local conflicts have contributed to, and may continue to contribute to, inflation, higher interest rates and capital costs, increased shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor and materials, exchange rate volatility, increased tariffs, and other similar effects. 
 We experienced fewer supply chain, manufacturing, and logistics challenges in fiscal year 2024 than in fiscal year 2023. However, shortages of certain materials and delivery delays from some suppliers caused, and may in the future cause, delays in manufacturing products, as well as operational and customer order fulfillment challenges. In addition, since late 2023 our Medical business has been negatively impacted by the Chinese government's anti-corruption campaign related to the healthcare industry, which we expect to continue at some level through fiscal year 2025. We continue to observe cautious purchasing behaviors by our customers, which we expect to subside by calendar year-end 2024. The impact to our business from potential changes to tariffs as a result of the outcome of the recent United States presidential and congressional elections is unknown at this time. We continue to monitor developments in this area. 
 For additional information on risks related to supply chain and logistics challenges, cost increases, changes in U.S. and worldwide economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, and other risks that could impact our results, see Item 1A "Risk Factors". 
 Fiscal Year 
 Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest September 30. Fiscal year 2024 was the 52-week period that ended September 27, 2024, fiscal year 2023 was the 52-week period that ended September 29, 2023, and fiscal year 2022 was the 52-week period that ended September 30, 2022. 
 Results of Operations 
 For a discussion and analysis of our year-over-year changes, financial condition, and results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2023 and September 30, 2022 refer to Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2023. Our year-over-year changes, financial condition, and results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 are set forth below. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for Fiscal Years 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues, net 
 (In millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Medical 581.7 (14) 673.3 674.7 Industrial 229.3 4 220.1 19 184.7 Total revenues, net 811.0 (9) 893.4 4 859.4 Medical as a percentage of total revenues 71.7 75.4 78.5 Industrial as a percentage of total revenues 28.3 24.6 21.5 
 Medical revenues decreased 91.6 million in fiscal year 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower sales in our China business, as well as decreased sales of fluoroscopy, oncology, and dental applications. 
 Industrial revenues increased 9.2 million due to increased sales of security inspection products and industrial tubes. 
 Revenues by Region 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 (In millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Americas 266.5 (5) 281.8 3 273.3 EMEA 280.3 (4) 290.7 4 280.8 APAC 264.2 (18) 320.9 5 305.3 Total revenues, net 811.0 (9) 893.4 4 859.4 Americas as a percentage of total revenues 32.9 31.5 31.8 EMEA as a percentage of total revenues 34.6 32.5 32.7 APAC as a percentage of total revenues 32.6 35.9 35.5 
 The Americas revenues decreased 15.3 million in fiscal year 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to decreased sales of digital detectors. EMEA revenues decreased 10.4 million primarily due to decreased sales of digital detectors, partially offset by increased sales in security inspection products. APAC revenues decreased 56.7 million primarily due to decreased sales of X-ray tubes and digital detectors. 
 Gross Profit 
 (In millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Medical 176.7 (14) 205.5 (2) 210.5 Industrial 80.2 (5) 84.8 16 73.0 Total gross profit 256.9 (12) 290.3 2 283.5 Medical gross margin 30.4 30.5 31.2 Industrial gross margin 35.0 38.5 39.5 Total gross margin 31.7 32.5 33.0 
 The Medical segment gross profit decreased 28.8 million in fiscal year 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower volumes of X-ray tubes and digital detectors. 
 The Industrial segment gross profit decreased 4.6 million in fiscal year 2024 compared to 2023 primarily as a result of decreased volumes of digital detectors, partially offset by an increase in the sale of security inspection products. 
 Operating Expenses 
 (In millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Research and development 87.0 3 84.8 10 77.0 As a percentage of total revenues 10.7 9.5 9.0 Selling, general and administrative 137.8 7 128.4 9 118.3 As a percentage of total revenues 17.0 14.4 13.8 Operating expenses 224.8 5 213.2 9 195.3 As a percentage of total revenues 27.7 23.9 22.7 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development costs for fiscal year 2024 increased to 10.7 of revenues primarily due to increased spending on material costs supporting research, partially offset by decreased development initiatives costs in the current fiscal year when compared to the prior fiscal year. We are committed to investing in research and development efforts to support long-term growth objectives by bringing new and innovative products to market for our customers. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased to 17.0 for fiscal year 2024 from 14.4 for fiscal year 2023 primarily due to decreased revenue, increased fixed cost commitments to a supplier, increased litigation costs, and increased severance costs, partially offset by lower intangible asset amortization expense. 
 Interest and Other Expense, Net 
 The following table summarizes our interest and other expense, net: 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 (In millions) 2024 Change 2023 Change 2022 Interest income 7.3 97 3.7 825 0.4 Interest expense (30.2) 3 (29.3) (26) (39.8) Other expense, net (4.2) (79) (20.2) 370 (4.3) Interest and other expenses, net (27.1) (41) (45.8) 5 (43.7) 
 Interest income increased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 primarily due to an increase in the average balance of investments in marketable debt securities during fiscal year 2024 when compared to the average balance during fiscal year 2023. 
 Interest expense increased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 primarily due to the termination of the ABL facility which resulted in the recognition of 0.6 million of the remaining unamortized deferred issuance costs. 
 Other expense, net decreased in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 primarily due to a gain on business acquisition and decreased losses in certain investments in privately-held companies and equity investments, partially offset by increased foreign exchange expense. 
 Taxes on Income 
 Fiscal Years 2024 2023 Effective tax rate 1,044.0 (55.6) 
 We had an income tax expense of 52.2 million and an income tax benefit of 17.4 million, resulting in effective rates of 1,044.0 and (55.6) , for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During fiscal year 2024, our effective tax rate varied from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of U.S. deferred tax attributes and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance is provided as well as profit in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates greater than 21 . These unfavorable items were partially offset by the favorable impact of U.S. tax reform regarding international provisions, R D credits, and return to provision adjustments. 
 During fiscal year 2023, our effective tax rate varied from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the favorable impact of the release of the U.S. valuation allowance, U.S. tax reform regarding international provisions, R D credits, and return to provision adjustments. These favorable items were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of profit in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates greater than 21 . 
 We estimated the fiscal year 2024 GILTI (global intangible low-taxed income), BEAT (base-erosion anti-abuse tax), FDII (foreign-derived intangible income), limitations on interest expense deductions, and other components of U.S. tax reform, and have included these amounts in the calculation of the fiscal year 2024 tax provision. We made an accounting policy election, as allowed by the SEC and FASB, to recognize the impact of GILTI as a period cost if and when incurred. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operations, including working capital and investing activities. We believe that our operating cash flow, cash on our balance sheet, availability under our Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility, and our ability to access the credit and capital markets are sufficient to meet our anticipated operating activities and cash commitments for at least the next 12 months and will be sufficient to allow us to continue to invest in our existing businesses, consummate strategic acquisitions, and manage our capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in a material change to our liquidity needs during or beyond the next 12 months, except for 200.0 million of our Convertible Notes that become due in June 2025 that we currently anticipate refinancing using some combination of future borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and cash. The availability under our Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility is 155.0 million and 20.0 million, respectively. As of September 27, 2024, our Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility remain undrawn. At September 27, 2024 we had total debt of 443.4 million, net of discounts and deferred issuance costs of 3.2 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Certificates of Deposit, and Marketable Debt Securities 
 The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, and marketable debt securities: 
 (In millions) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Cash and cash equivalents 168.7 152.6 16.1 10.6 Certificates of deposit not included in cash and cash equivalents 3.4 1.0 2.4 240.0 Marketable debt securities not included in cash and cash equivalents 40.8 41.3 (0.5) (1.2) Total 212.9 194.9 18.0 9.2 
 Borrowings 
 The following table summarizes the changes in our debt outstanding: 
 (In millions, except for percentages) September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Change Change Current maturities of long-term debt Current portion of Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 45.0 45.0 Other debt 1.5 1.5 Total current maturities of long-term debt: 46.5 1.5 45.0 3,000.0 Non-current maturities of long-term debt: Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 155.0 200.0 (45.0) (22.5) Senior Secured Notes 243.0 243.0 Other debt 2.1 3.5 (1.4) (40.0) Total non-current maturities of long-term debt: 400.1 446.5 (46.4) (10.4) Unamortized issuance costs and debt discounts Unamortized issuance costs - Convertible Notes (1.0) (2.5) 1.5 (60.0) Debt issuance costs - Senior Secured Notes (2.2) (2.9) 0.7 (24.1) Total (3.2) (5.4) 2.2 (40.7) Total debt outstanding, net 443.4 442.6 0.8 0.2 
 Cash Flows Fiscal Years (In millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities 47.3 108.4 16.9 Investing activities (27.5) (44.9) (48.4) Financing activities (3.3) (0.2) (23.8) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (0.1) 0.1 (0.2) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 16.4 63.4 (55.5) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 47.3 million and 108.4 million for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in net income and a decrease in cash inflows for inventory and prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by decreased payments for accounts payable during fiscal year 2024. 
 Net cash used in investing activities . Cash used in investing activities was 27.5 million and 44.9 million for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to increased proceeds from the 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 maturities of marketable debt securities, partially offset by increased purchases of marketable securities, increased purchases of property, plant, and equipment, and the settlement of net investment hedges in the prior year. 
 Net cash used in financing activities. Net cash used in financing activities was 3.3 million and 0.2 million for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to increased cash payments related to debt issuance costs and taxes for net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by reduced repayments of borrowings when compared to fiscal year 2023. 
 Days Sales Outstanding 
 Trade accounts receivable days sales outstanding DSO was 70 days and 65 days at September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. Our accounts receivable and DSO are impacted by a number of factors, including the timing of product shipments, collections performance, payment terms, the mix of revenues from different regions and the effects of economic instability. 
 Material Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes, as of September 27, 2024, the total amount of future payments due in various future periods: 
 Payments Due by Period (In millions) Total Fiscal Year 2025 Fiscal Years 2026-2027 Fiscal Years 2028-2029 Beyond Lease obligations 46.9 6.6 10.7 8.3 21.3 Principal payments on borrowings 446.6 201.5 245.1 dpiX fixed cost commitment 3.1 3.1 Dividends to MeVis noncontrolling interest 2.5 0.5 1.0 1.0 Development and share purchase commitments 1.0 1.0 Non-cancellable supplier purchase obligations 6.7 5.5 1.2 Total 506.8 218.2 258.0 9.3 21.3 
 We lease office space under non-cancelable operating leases. For further information on our operating leases, see Note 3, Leases , included in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For further discussion regarding our borrowings, see Note 9, Borrowings, included in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In October 2013, we entered into an amended agreement with dpiX and other parties that, among other things, provides us with the right to 50 of dpiX s total manufacturing capacity produced after January 1, 2014. The amended agreement requires us to pay for 50 of the fixed costs (as defined in the amended agreement), as determined at the beginning of each calendar year. For the remainder of calendar year 2024, we estimate that we have fixed cost commitments of 3.1 million related to this amended agreement. The fixed cost commitment for future periods will be determined and approved by the dpiX board of directors at the beginning of each calendar year. The amended agreement will continue unless the ownership structure of dpiX changes (as defined in the amended agreement). 
 In October 2015, pursuant to a Domination and Profit and Loss Transfer Agreement (the MeVis Agreement ), we committed to grant the noncontrolling shareholders of MeVis: (1) an annual recurring net compensation of 0.95 per MeVis share; and, (2) a put right for their MeVis shares at 19.77 per MeVis share. The annual net payment will continue for the life of the MeVis Agreement, which we anticipate will continue for as long as we remain as the controlling shareholder of MeVis. As of September 27, 2024, noncontrolling shareholders together held approximately 0.5 million shares of MeVis, representing 26.3 of the outstanding shares. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, we entered into a development agreement and a share purchase agreement with a third-party company. For more information about these agreements, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies , included in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company enters into purchase agreements with its suppliers in the ordinary course of its business for the purchase of goods and services. Some of these purchase agreements are non-cancellable and thus contractually obligate us to future cash payments. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations and facilities, past and present, are subject to environmental laws, including laws that regulate the handling, storage, transport and disposal of hazardous substances. Certain of those laws impose cleanup liabilities under certain circumstances. In connection with those laws and certain of our past and present operations and facilities, we are obligated to indemnify Varian for the cleanup liabilities related to prior corporate restructuring activities. As of September 27, 2024, our estimated environmental liability for these sites is 3.9 million, net of expected insurance proceeds. For further discussion regarding our environmental obligation, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Contingencies 
 From time to time, we are a party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings, government inspections, investigations, customs and duty audits, and other claims and contingency matters, both inside and outside the United States, arising in the ordinary course of our business or otherwise. We accrue amounts for probable losses, to the extent they can be reasonably estimated, that we believe are adequate to address any liabilities related to legal proceedings as well as other loss contingencies that we believe will result in a probable loss (including, among other things, probable settlement value). A loss or a range of loss is disclosed when it is reasonably possible that a material loss will be incurred and can be estimated or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss, when material, will exceed the recorded provision. We did not have any material contingent liabilities as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. Legal expenses are expensed as incurred. 
 See Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" of this Annual Report for additional information regarding legal proceedings and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding certain of our contractual obligations and contingencies, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our critical accounting policies that are affected by accounting estimates require us to use judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions regarding matters that are inherently uncertain, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 We periodically review our accounting policies, estimates, and assumptions and make adjustments when facts and circumstances dictate. Such accounting policies require us to use judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates and assumptions regarding matters that are inherently uncertain, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Our critical accounting policies that are affected by accounting estimates include valuation of inventories, assessment of recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets, and income taxes. Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. For a discussion of how these estimates and other factors may affect our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Inventories, net 
 Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs include materials, labor, external service and manufacturing overhead and is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in-first-out basis. We review inventory quantities on hand and record provisions for estimated excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory. The evaluation of the carrying value of our inventories takes into consideration such factors as historical and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices we expect to obtain for products in our various businesses. We adjust excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value, and write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , "Inventories, net" for further details. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill is initially recorded when the purchase price paid for a business acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Our future operating performance will be impacted by the future amortization of these acquired intangible assets and potential impairment charges related to these intangibles or to goodwill if indicators of impairment exist. The allocation of the purchase price from business acquisitions to goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our future operating results. In addition, the allocation of the purchase price of the acquired businesses to goodwill and intangible assets requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired assets and the appropriate discount rate for those cash flows. Should conditions differ from management s estimates at the 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 time of the acquisition, material write-downs of intangible assets and/or goodwill may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The evaluation includes consideration of qualitative factors including industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. If we determine that a quantitative analysis is necessary, we perform a quantitative analysis that consists of a comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit against its carrying amount, including the goodwill allocated to each reporting unit. 
 In fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we performed the annual goodwill qualitative impairment test for our two reporting units and determined that, at those times, it was not more likely than not that the fair values of the reporting units were less than their carrying amounts and accordingly recorded no impairment. We performed the annual goodwill analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year (using balances as of the end of the third quarter of that fiscal year). Significant changes in our projections of our operating results or other factors could cause us to make interim assessments of impairment in any quarter that could result in some or all of the goodwill being impaired. A future impairment charge for goodwill could have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2024, changes in facts and circumstances related to reduced demand of the Company's medical products, coupled with a sustained decrease in the Company's stock price, resulted in the Company determining that an indicator of possible impairment existed within its reporting units. Accordingly, the Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis to determine the fair values of those reporting units, using both an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method. Based on the output of the analysis, the Company determined that the fair values of both the Medical and Industrial reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts. Accordingly, no impairment charges were recorded during the year ended September 27, 2024. 
 Taxes on Income 
 We calculate income taxes based on the tax statutes, regulations, and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining the timing and amounts of deductible and creditable items. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax positions would withstand challenge by taxing authorities. We periodically reassess our positions and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. Gross uncertain tax positions, exclusive of interest and penalties, were 1.6 million and 1.4 million as of September 27, 2024, and September 29, 2023, respectively. We believe the resolution of these matters will not materially affect our consolidated financial statements. Income taxes are described further in Note 16, Taxes on Income, in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. Our accounting for the valuation of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. Changes in our current estimates, due to unanticipated business conditions, governmental legislative actions or events, could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance balances were 74.7 million and 18.7 million as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 16, Taxes on Income, of our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the composition of valuation allowances. 
 Recent Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and the estimated effects on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Backlog 
 Backlog is the accumulation of all orders for which revenues have not been recognized and are still considered valid. Backlog also includes a small portion of billed service contracts that are included in deferred revenue. Our estimated total backlog at September 27, 2024 was approximately 299 million. 
 Orders may be revised or canceled, either according to their terms or as customers' needs change. Consequently, it is difficult to predict with certainty the amount of backlog that will result in revenues. We perform a quarterly review to verify that outstanding orders in the backlog remain valid. Aged orders that are not expected to be converted to revenues are deemed dormant and are reflected as a reduction in the backlog amounts in the period identified. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to orders for which revenues have not been recognized and are still considered valid, we have pricing agreements with many of our established customers that span multi-year periods. These pricing agreements include volume ranges under which orders are placed. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 We are exposed to four primary types of market risks: foreign currency exchange rate risk, credit and counterparty risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. These risks, as discussed below, have not changed materially versus the prior reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term. 
 Risks 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 A significant portion of our customers are outside the United States, while our financial statements are denominated, and our products are generally priced in U.S. Dollars. A strong U.S. Dollar may result in pricing pressure for our customers that are located outside the United States and that conduct their businesses in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Such pricing pressure has caused, and could continue to cause, some of our customers to ask for discounted prices, delay purchasing decisions, or consider moving to in-sourcing supply of components or migrating to lower cost alternatives. In addition, because our business is global and some payments may be made in local currency, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can impact our revenues and expenses and/or the profitability in U.S. Dollars of products and services that we provide or purchase in foreign markets. 
 We may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, net investments in foreign subsidiaries, and forecast purchases denominated in foreign currencies. We may hedge portions of forecasted foreign currency exposure, typically for one to three months. In addition, we hold cross-currency swaps between the Euro and U.S. Dollar as a net investment hedge of our acquisition of Direct Conversion. Depending on the spot rate between the Euro and U.S. Dollar at the time of settlement and whether we have sufficient Euros available, we may have to borrow incrementally in U.S. Dollars to settle this obligation. Additionally, we may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, accounting considerations, the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures, or due to natural offsets among the different exposures. See Note 8, Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Credit and Counterparty Risk 
 We use a centralized approach to manage substantially all of our cash and to finance our operations. Our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities may be exposed to a concentration of credit risk, and we may also be exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk to the extent that we enter into credit facilities. 
 We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, and we maintain what we believe to be strong credit controls in evaluating and granting customer credit, including performing ongoing evaluations of our customers financial condition and creditworthiness and often using letters of credit or requiring certain customers to provide a down payment. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and Equipment Credit Facility bear interest at floating interest rates. At September 27, 2024, we had no borrowings subject to floating interest rates. See Note 9, Borrowings, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk also relates to our interest-bearing assets, primarily our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fluctuate due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks related to volatility in the prices of raw materials used in our products. The prices of these raw materials fluctuate in response to changes in supply and demand fundamentals and our product margins and level of profitability tend to fluctuate with changes in these raw materials prices. We try to protect against such volatility through various business 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 strategies. During the fiscal year ended September 27, 2024, we did not have any commodity derivative instruments in place to manage our exposure to price changes. 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 The following table sets forth the potential loss in future earnings, fair value, or cash flows resulting from hypothetical changes in relevant market rates or prices as of September 27, 2024. The actual impact of the respective underlying rates and price changes on the financial instruments may differ significantly from those shown in the sensitivity analysis. 
 Market Risk Category Hypothetical Change Estimated Impact (In millions) Impact Category Foreign Currency - Revenue 10 decrease in foreign exchange rates 13.5 Earnings Interest Rate - Marketable Securities 100 basis point decrease in interest rate of underlying investments 1.6 Earnings Commodity Price 10 increase in commodity prices 3.7 Earnings 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits on page F-1 are filed as part of this Annual Report and incorporated in this Item 8 by reference. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed, and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 27, 2024. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management, under the supervision of our CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the "COSO framework" (2013)). All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Accordingly, even effective internal controls and procedures can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which appears below in this Item 9A. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 27, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Varex Imaging Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Varex Imaging Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 27, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 27, 2024, of the Company and our report dated November 19, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 November 19, 2024 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408, except as follows: 
 , our , modified the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement he on . As initially adopted, the 10b5-1 trading arrangement (the 10b5-1 Plan provided for (i) the sale of shares of Company common stock owned by Mr. Sanyal once per quarter in an amount not to exceed 100,000 in any single quarter, and not to exceed 300,000 in the aggregate during the term of the 10b5-1 Plan, with the aggregate number of shares to be sold during such term not to exceed shares; and (ii) the exercise, subject to pricing triggers, of up to 720,585 stock options (which includes options to be withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise prices and applicable taxes), that have vested or may vest to Mr. Sanyal pursuant to previous awards, some of which expire in . The August 9, 2024 modification removes the sale of shares of Company common stock described above from the 10b5-1 Plan, but continues to include the exercise of 720,585 stock options. Mr. Sanyal does not presently intend to sell the net shares he acquires pursuant to exercise of these options. The 10b5-1 Plan, as modified, is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Except as otherwise disclosed below, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Our definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement") will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after September 27, 2024. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The information required by this Item 10 with respect to our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 "Business" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and information relating to the availability of our code of conduct for executive officers and directors is set out below. 
 Code of Conduct 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all our executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at http://www.vareximaging.com. 
 We intend to comply with the disclosure requirements of Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions by posting such information on our website, specified above. 
 We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement, and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We have an Insider Trading Policy applicable to our directors, officers, employees and certain persons and entities that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and Nasdaq listing standards applicable to our Company. The foregoing summary of our Insider Trading Policy is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of our Insider Trading Policy attached hereto as Exhibit 19.1. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement under the caption Executive Compensation. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of September 27, 2024 with respect to the shares of our common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans. 
 Plan Category (amounts in thousands except per share data) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (2) (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (3) (excluding securities reflected in columns (a) and (b)) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 3,767 26.79 5,276 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 3,767 26.79 5,276 
 (1) Consists of stock options, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), and deferred stock units ("DSUs") granted under the Varex Imaging Corporation 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan and the 2020 Omnibus Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated (the "2020 Stock Plan"). Excludes purchase rights under the ESPP. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding RSUs and DSUs, which have no exercise price. 
 (3) Includes 5,017 thousand shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Stock Plan, and also includes 259 thousand shares available for future issuance under the ESPP. Shares available for issuance under the ESPP, including shares subject to purchase during the current purchase period, which commenced on September 3, 2024 (the exact number of which will not be known until the purchase date on February 28, 2025). Subject to the number of shares remaining in the share reserve, the maximum number of shares purchasable by any participant on any one purchase date for any purchase period, including the current purchase period, may not exceed 2,000 shares. 
 The information required by this Item 12 with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and the security ownership of directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement under the caption Stock Ownership Beneficial Ownership of Certain Stockholders, Directors and Executive Officers. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item 13 with respect to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. The information required by this item with respect to director and committee member independence is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal - Election of Directors. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal - Ratification of the Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Documents filed as part of this annual report include: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. We have filed the consolidated financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Schedules and Exhibits on page F-1 as part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules and Other. All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, or not material or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits. The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2017, by and between Varian and (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2017). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 27, 2017 (as corrected December 11, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 27, 2018). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended February 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2021). 
 4.1 Information required by Item 202(a) through (d) and (f) of Regulation S-K for each class of Company securities that is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated June 9, 2020, by and among Varex Imaging Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including form of 4.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Varex Imaging Corporation, the Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, including the form of 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 as Exhibit A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-K filed November 30, 2021). 
 10.1 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2017 by and between Varian and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2017). 
 10.2 Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2017, by and between Varian and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2017). 
 10.3 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2017, by and between Varian and Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2017). 
 10.4 Varex Imaging Corporation 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8, filed January 27, 2017). 
 10.5 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2017). 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2017). 
 10.7 Varex Imaging Corporation 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement filed by the Registrant on December 28, 2021). 
 10.8 Varex Imaging Corporation Management Incentive Plan 
 10.9 Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed November 19, 2021) . 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2017). 
 10.11 Varex Imaging Corporation 2016 Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed by the Company on December 8, 2016). 
 10.12 Varex Imaging Corporation Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed by the Company on December 8, 2016). 
 10.13 Form of Grant Agreement for Deferred Stock Units under the 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed December 20, 2019). 
 10.14 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Form of Grant Agreement Deferred Stock Units under the Varex Imaging Corporation 2020 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2020). 
 10.15 Form of Base Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated June 4, 2020, between Varex Imaging Corporation and each of the counterparties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 
 10.16 Form of Base Warrant Confirmation, dated June 4, 2020, between Varex Imaging Corporation and each of the counterparties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 
 10.17 Form of Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Confirmation, dated June 5, 2020, between Varex Imaging Corporation and each of the counterparties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 
 10.18 Form of Additional Warrant Confirmation, dated June 5, 2020, between Varex Imaging Corporation and each of the Counterparties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2020). 
 10.19 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 17, 2023). 
 10.20 Varex Imaging Corporation 2020 Omnibus Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2024). 
 10.21 Credit Agreement dated as of March 26, 2024, by and among Varex Imaging Corporation, Varex Imaging West, LLC, Varex Imaging Deutschland AG, the Guarantors party thereto and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. DBA Zions First National bank, as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 27, 2024). 
 10.22 Equipment Credit Agreement dated as of April 26, 2024, by and among the Company, Varex Imaging West, LLC, certain guarantors party thereto and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. DBA Zions Credit Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 2, 2024). 
 10.23 Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit and Guarantee Agreement, dated August 30, 2024, made and entered into by and among Varex Imaging Corporation, Varex Imaging West, LLC, Varex Imaging Deutschland AG, the other Loan Parties party thereto and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. DBA Zions First National Bank, as administrative and collateral agent for the lenders party thereto. 
 19.1 Varex Imaging Corporation Insider Trading Policy 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries as of September 27, 2024 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Varex Imaging Corporation Compensation Recovery Policy 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101). Incorporated herein by reference Management contract or compensatory agreement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 Date: 
 November 19, 2024 By: 
 /s/ Shubham Maheshwari 
 Shubham Maheshwari 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ SUNNY S. SANYAL President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 November 19, 2024 Sunny S. Sanyal /s/ SHUBHAM MAHESHWARI Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 November 19, 2024 Shubham Maheshwari /s/ WALTER M ROSEBROUGH, JR. Chairman of the Board November 19, 2024 Walter M Rosebrough, Jr. /s/ KATHLEEN L. BARDWELL Director November 19, 2024 Kathleen L. Bardwell /s/ JOCELYN D. CHERTOFF Director November 19, 2024 Jocelyn D. Chertoff /s/ TIMOTHY E. GUERTIN Director November 19, 2024 Timothy E. Guertin /s/ JAY K. KUNKEL Director November 19, 2024 Jay K. Kunkel /s/ CHRISTINE A. TSINGOS Director November 19, 2024 Christine A. Tsingos 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) I ncome for the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 F- 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Varex Imaging Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Varex Imaging Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 27, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 27, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 19, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for Convertible Notes effective October 1, 2022, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update, 2020-06, Debt Debt With Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , using the modified retrospective approach. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Inventories Valuation of Excess and Obsolete Inventories Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company evaluates the carrying value of its inventories taking into consideration such factors as historical sales and anticipated future sales compared to quantities on hand and the prices the Company expects to obtain for products in its various markets. The Company adjusts excess and obsolete inventories to net realizable value, and write-downs of excess and obsolete inventories are recorded as a component of cost of revenues. Estimating the amount of excess and obsolete inventories involves significant judgment and estimates. 
 We identified the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories as a critical audit matter because of management s significant judgment related to its estimates of anticipated future sales in determining the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates of the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories included the following, among others: 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories. The controls we tested included those over the calculation, accuracy and completeness of underlying data used in the calculation, including historical sales and anticipated future sales by product, product quantities on hand, and applicable prices. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories by comparing actual inventory write-downs to management s historical estimates. 
 We performed procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s methods, assumptions, and judgments used in developing their estimate of the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories, which included consideration of historical sales, anticipated future sales, and information obtained from production planning and supply chain employees. 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the Company s calculations of the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories, including historical usage, anticipated future sales, quantities on hand, and pricing. 
 We assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions used in estimating the valuation of excess and obsolete inventories by considering the anticipated future sales information obtained from production planning and supply chain employees, and developing an independent expectation which was then compared to the results of the Company s calculations. 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculations of excess and obsolete inventories. 
 Goodwill Medical Reporting Unit Refer to Notes 1 and 12 of the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The evaluation includes consideration of qualitative factors including industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis to determine the fair values of its reporting units. The Company used both an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and a market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method. No impairment was recognized for any reporting unit, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value as of the measurement date. 
 We identified the valuation of the Medical reporting unit as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments and estimates management made to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues used in determining the fair value of the Medical reporting unit, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimates and assumptions for selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues in determining the fair value of the Medical reporting unit included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the Medical reporting unit, such as controls related to management s estimates and assumptions for the selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s revenue forecast estimates by comparing key assumptions to historical results, current industry and peer trends, and information from sales and marketing personnel of the Company. 
 With the assistance of fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates for the discount rate and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 We evaluated whether the revenue forecast estimates were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 /s/ 
 
 November 19, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal Years (In millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022 Revenues, net 
 Cost of revenues 
 Gross profit Operating expenses: 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total operating expenses 
 Operating income Interest income 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Interest and other expense, net ) ) ) Income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net (loss) income ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to Varex ) Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Varex Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 Fiscal Years (In millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit obligations ) Income (loss) on forward contracts ) Unrealized income (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Varex ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except share amounts) 
 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million at September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Investments in privately-held companies 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Operating lease assets 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 
 Current operating lease liabilities 
 Current maturities of long-term debt, net 
 Deferred revenues 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 
 par value: shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock, par value: shares authorized 
 Shares issued and outstanding: and at September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings 
 Total Varex stockholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Varex Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders' Equity (In millions) Shares Amount October 1, 2021 Net income Exercise of stock options Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted shares Shares withheld on vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation Unrealized loss on forward contracts ) ) ) Unrealized loss on change in fair value of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Unrealized gain on defined benefit obligations, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) September 30, 2022 Net income Cumulative effect of accounting change ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted shares Shares withheld on vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation Realized gain on forward contracts Unrealized gain on change in fair value of available-for-sale securities Unrealized loss on defined benefit obligations, net of tax ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) September 29, 2023 ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted shares Shares withheld on vesting of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation Realized gain on forward contracts Unrealized gain on change in fair value of available-for-sale securities Business acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other ) ) September 27, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Years (In millions) 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Share-based compensation expense Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Deferred taxes ) Loss from equity method investments Impairment of equity method investment Amortization of deferred loan costs Gain on purchase of business ) Inventory write-down Loss on operating lease abandonment Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities and other current and long-term liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenues ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Loss on settlement of cash flow hedge ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable debt securities Purchase of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Purchase of marketable equity securities ) ) ) Purchase of certificates of deposit ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Settlement of net investment hedge Proceeds from sales of business and assets Investments in and loans to privately-held companies ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of borrowings ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income tax, net of refunds Supplemental non-cash activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment financed through accounts payable See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 reportable operating segments; (i) Medical and (ii) Industrial. See Note 17, Segment Information, included in this report, for further information on the Company s segments. 
 entities, neither of which were consolidated by the Company. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Total as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and, except for government tenders, group purchases, and orders with a letter of credit, its industrial customers often provide a down payment. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses based upon the expected collectability of all accounts receivable. The Company obtains some of the components in its products from a limited group of suppliers or from a single-source supplier. When these suppliers are unable to meet the Company's supply needs, the Company's production is negatively impacted. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

Canon Medical Systems Corporation accounted for and of the Company s accounts receivable as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories 
 The Company recorded inventory write-downs of million, million and million for the twelve months ended September 27, 2024, September 29, 2023, and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 . Land leasehold rights and leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. Buildings are depreciated up to . Machinery and equipment are depreciated over a range from three to . Assets subject to lease are depreciated over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives may be adjusted, and an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts. 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Gross property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 During fiscal year 2023, the Company recorded a before-tax impairment charge totaling million, which is included in other expense, net in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. There was impairment recorded during fiscal years 2024 and 2022. 
 using the straight-line method. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 reporting units and determined that, at those dates, it was not more likely than not that the fair values of the reporting units were less than their carrying amount and accordingly recorded impairment. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2024, changes in facts and circumstances related to reduced demand of the Company's medical products, coupled with a sustained decrease in the Company's stock price, resulted in the Company determining that an indicator of possible impairment existed within its reporting units. Accordingly, the Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis to determine the fair values of those reporting units, using both an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and market approach utilizing the public company market multiple method. Based on the output of the analysis, the Company determined that the fair values of both the Medical and Industrial reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts. Accordingly, impairment charges were recorded during the year ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 Invoices confirmed during the period Confirmed invoices paid during the period ) ) Confirmed obligations outstanding at the end of the period 
 The Company anticipates that it will be obligated to reimburse Varian for of the liabilities of Varian related to these sites (after adjusting for any insurance proceeds or tax benefits received by Varian). As of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company's estimated liability for these sites was million and million, net of expected insurance proceeds, respectively. 
 to months from delivery or acceptance, against material defects. The Company provides for the estimated future costs of warranty obligations in cost of revenues when the related revenues are recognized. The accrued warranty costs represent the best estimate at the time of sale of the total costs that the Company will incur to repair or replace product parts that fail while still under warranty. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

New accruals charged to cost of revenues Product warranty expenditures ) ) Accrued product warranty, at end of period 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 The Company had an allowance for credit losses of million and million as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 For additional information, see Note 15, Employee Stock Plans , included in this report. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

million, increase long-term debt, net by million, decrease deferred tax assets by million, and increase retained earnings by million for the after-tax impact of previously recognized amortization of the debt discount associated with the Company s Convertible Notes (as defined herein). The unamortized discount on the Company's Convertible Notes was derecognized in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, which removed the amortization of the debt discount, and brought the effective interest rate closer to the coupon rate of . The impact that the adoption of ASU 2020-06 has on the Company's net income per diluted share will depend on the amount of earnings in each period and could result in additional dilution. 
 In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs, which requires entities to provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures about their supplier finance programs, including a rollforward of related obligations. The adoption of ASU 2022-04 did not affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows as the guidance only requires additional disclosures. We adopted this ASU effective September 30, 2023 on a retrospective basis, except for the amendment on rollforward information, which has been adopted on a prospective basis. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards and Updates Not Yet Effective 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. ASU 2023-07 requires disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker CODM and included within the segment measure of profit or loss, an amount and description of its composition for other segment items to reconcile to segment profit or loss, and the title and position of the entity s CODM. ASU 2023-07 will be applied retrospectively and is effective for annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2024. The Company is currently reviewing the impact that the adoption of ASU 2023-07 may have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. ASU 2023-09 requires public companies to annually (1) disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and (2) provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold (if the effect of those reconciling items is equal to or greater than 5 percent of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income or loss by the applicable statutory income tax rate). ASU 2023-09 will be effective for the annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2023-09 and does not expect it to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 Costs recovered from product returns during the period ) Right of return assets from shipments of products, subject to return during the period Adjustment for actual vs. reserved product returns ) Balance at September 29, 2023 Costs recovered from product returns during the period ) Right of return assets from shipments of products, subject to return during the period Adjustment for actual vs. reserved product returns Balance at September 27, 2024 
 (In millions) Refund Liabilities Balance at October 1, 2022 Release of refund liability included in beginning of year refund liability ) Additions to refund liabilities Adjustment for actual vs. reserved product returns ) Balance at September 29, 2023 Release of refund liability included in beginning of year refund liability ) Additions to refund liabilities Adjustment for actual vs. reserved product returns Balance at September 27, 2024 
 During fiscal year 2024, the Company recognized revenue of million related to deferred revenue which existed at September 29, 2023. During fiscal year 2023, the Company recognized revenue of million related to deferred revenue which existed at September 30, 2022. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of firm orders for which revenue has not yet been recognized, which are primarily related to contracts where control will be transferred to customers over the next 12 months. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for details on the nature of the remaining performance obligations within these contracts and how they will be resolved. 
 
 3. 
 to approximately , some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to and some include options to terminate early. These options have been included in the determination of the lease liability when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. 
 Right-of-use assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease contract. Operating lease liabilities and their corresponding 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 million, which is included in selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment, net Liabilities Operating lease liabilities (current) Current operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities (current) Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities (non-current) Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities (non-current) Other long-term liabilities 
 The following table presents the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate information related to the Company's operating and finance leases: 
 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Operating lease weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Operating lease weighted average discount rate Finance lease weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Finance lease weighted average discount rate 
 
 Total finance lease costs Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Non-cash operating right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Non-cash finance right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Total right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 (1) Includes variable and short-term lease expense, which were immaterial for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 

4. 
 ownership interest in dpiX Holding Company LLC ("dpiX Holding"), a holding company that has a ownership interest in dpiX LLC ("dpiX"), a supplier of amorphous silicon-based thin film transistor arrays for flat panels used in the Company's digital image detectors. In accordance with the dpiX Holding operating agreement, net profits or losses are allocated to the members in accordance with their ownership interests. 
 The investment in dpiX Holding is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. When the Company recognizes its share of net profits or losses of dpiX Holding, profits or losses in inventory purchased from dpiX are eliminated. In fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recorded a loss on the equity investment in dpiX Holding of million, million, and million, respectively. The loss on the equity investment in dpiX Holding is included in other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The carrying value of the equity investment in dpiX Holding was million and million at September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 During fiscal year 2023, the Company recorded an impairment of its investment in dpiX Holding of million. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for details on the nature of the impairment. There were impairments recorded during fiscal year 2024 or 2022. 
 In fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company purchased glass transistor arrays from dpiX totaling million, million and million, respectively. These purchases of glass transistor arrays are included as a component of inventories, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or cost of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company had accounts payable to dpiX totaling million and million, respectively. 
 In October 2013, the Company entered into an amended agreement with dpiX and other parties that, among other things, provides it with the right to of dpiX s total manufacturing capacity. In addition, the Company is required to pay for of dpiX's fixed costs, as determined at the beginning of each calendar year. In January 2024, the fixed cost commitment was determined and approved by the dpiX board of directors to be million for calendar year 2024. As of September 27, 2024, the Company estimated it has fixed cost commitments of million related to the amended agreement through the remainder of calendar year 2024. The amended agreement will continue unless the ownership structure of dpiX changes (as defined in the amended agreement). 
 The Company has determined that dpiX Holding is a variable interest entity because the at-risk equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. Majority votes are required to direct the manufacturing activities, legal operations and other activities that most significantly affect dpiX s economic performance. The Company does not have majority voting rights and no power to unilaterally direct the activities of dpiX Holding, and therefore, is not the primary beneficiary of dpiX Holding. The Company s exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with dpiX Holding is limited to the carrying value of the Company s investment of million and fixed cost commitments. 
 In November 2018, the Company (through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries) and CETTEEN GmbH CETTEEN ), formed a German limited liability company that governs the affairs and conduct of the business of VEC Imaging GmbH Co. KG VEC ), a joint venture formed to develop technology for use in X-ray imaging components. In accordance with the VEC agreement, 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million respectively. The Company's investment in VEC was million and million as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the Company had loans and other receivables from VEC of million and million, respectively, which are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 5. 

6. 
 
 Product warranty Taxes payable Refund liability Accrued interest Other Total accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 
 
 Environmental liabilities Defined benefit obligation liability Long-term refund liability Derivative liability Long-term other Total other long-term liabilities 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Gain on purchase of business Impairment of equity method investment ) Realized losses on foreign currencies, net ) ) ) Other ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) 
 
 7. Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic net (loss) income per share attributable to Varex ) Net (loss) income per share diluted Net (loss) income attributable to Varex ) Interest expense on Convertible Notes, net of tax Diluted net (loss) income ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of Convertible Senior Notes Dilutive effect of share-based awards and other 
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Varex ) Anti-dilutive share summary Share-based awards and other 
 Convertible notes Warrants Total anti-dilutive shares 
 Potentially dilutive shares, which are based on the weighted-average shares of common stock underlying stock options, unvested stock awards, purchase rights granted under the employee stock purchase plan, warrants, and Convertible Notes using the treasury stock method or the if-converted method, as applicable, are included when calculating diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to Varex when their effect is dilutive. As of October 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method. The standard requires the Company to apply the if-converted method in relation to the Convertible Notes, which 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 shares outstanding. Using this method, the numerator is affected by adding back the after-tax interest expense and the denominator is affected by including the effect of potential share settlement, if the effect is dilutive. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Convertible Notes were accounted for using the treasury stock method for purposes of net income per share. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, "Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements" for further details concerning the adoption of ASU 2020-06. Furthermore, in connection with the offering of the Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedges and warrants (see Note 9, Borrowings ). However, the Company's convertible note hedges are not included when calculating potentially dilutive shares since their effect is always anti-dilutive. 
 
 8. 
 of its previously outstanding cross currency swap contracts which resulted in cash received upon settlement of million. The gain on the cross currency swap contracts was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss where it will remain until such time that substantial liquidation of the international operations should occur. Concurrent with the termination of the previous cross currency swap contracts, the Company entered into new cross currency swap contracts which have been designated as net investment hedges. 
 
 ) Interest expense 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Cross currency swap contracts Other long-term liabilities 
 Balance Sheet Hedges 
 The Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge fluctuations associated with foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily cash, lease contracts, third-party accounts receivable and payable, and intercompany accounts receivable and payables. These forward contracts are generally entered into at the end of one fiscal period and expire by the end of the next fiscal period. These forward contracts are not designated for hedge accounting treatment; therefore, the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as a component of other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, which are also recorded as a component of other expense, net. The Company has not and does not intend to use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Chinese Renminbi Euro Indian Rupee Japanese Yen Mexican Peso Swiss Franc Philippine Peso Total notional value 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 
 Other debt Total current maturities of long-term debt Non-current maturities of long-term debt: Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes (1) 
 ) Senior Secured Notes Other debt ) Total non-current maturities of long-term debt ) Unamortized issuance costs and debt discounts: Unamortized issuance costs - Convertible Notes ) ) Debt issuance costs - Senior Secured Notes ) ) Total ) ) Total debt outstanding, net 
 (1) This amount has been excluded from current liabilities as it is supported by the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and is expected to remain outstanding for an uninterrupted period extending beyond one year from the balance sheet date. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total debt outstanding Less: current maturities of long-term debt ) Non-current portion of long-term debt 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization/extinguishment of debt issuance costs Amortization of debt discounts Total interest expense 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
 On March 26, 2024, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") providing for a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). Simultaneous with its entry into the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company terminated its million asset-based loan revolving credit facility (the "ABL Facility"), dated as of September 30, 2020. As of September 27, 2024, the Revolving Credit Facility remains undrawn. 
 The maximum availability under the Revolving Credit Facility is million, which is available to the Company for revolving loans in U.S. dollars and for the issuance of letters of credit. The Company may make and repay borrowings from time to time until the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will mature, and lending commitments thereunder will terminate, on September 26, 2027. The interest rate for Revolving Credit Facility borrowings is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (subject to a floor of plus a margin of to , depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Company (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Alternatively, the Company has the option of selecting a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus and (c) the one-month SOFR (subject to a floor of plus a margin of . An unused commitment fee of per annum was payable from March 26, 2024 until June 28, 2024, and thereafter an unused commitment fee of between to per annum is payable quarterly on the actual daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Company. 
 Debt issuance costs, including unamortized deferred costs for continuing lenders under the previously existing ABL Facility, of million were capitalized and are included within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These costs are being amortized over the term of the new agreement and are being recorded within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants restricting the Company s activities, as well as those of its subsidiaries, including limitations on the ability to sell assets, engage in mergers, or other fundamental changes, enter into capital leases or certain leases not in the ordinary course of business, enter into transactions involving related parties or derivatives, incur or prepay indebtedness, grant liens or negative pledges on its assets, make loans or other investments, pay dividends or repurchase stock or other securities, guarantee third-party obligations, engage in sale leasebacks, and make changes in its corporate structure, though there are certain exceptions and carveouts related to these restrictions. One such covenant involves maintaining compensating cash balances. The Company must maintain the lesser of an average quarterly balance of million and of the U.S. cash availability in certain deposit accounts; provided that the amounts maintained must not be less than million prior to June 30, 2025. The compensating balances may be withdrawn but the availability of the Revolving Credit Facility is dependent upon maintenance of such compensating balances. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes financial covenants related to the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio and its consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. 
 The Company s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company and a number of Company subsidiaries. These guarantees are secured on a first lien basis by specified assets, including inventory, accounts receivable, cash, intercompany accounts and loans, and certain real property. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility is secured by second liens on certain assets securing the Company s Senior Secured Notes due 2027. An intercreditor agreement governs how the collateral securing the respective debt obligations will be treated among the secured parties. 
 Equipment Credit Agreement 
 On April 26, 2024, the Company entered into a secured delayed draw term loan credit agreement (the Equipment Credit Agreement ), providing for a secured equipment credit facility of up to million (the Equipment Credit Facility ). As of September 27, 2024, there was no principal balance outstanding under the Equipment Credit Facility. 
 The maximum availability under the Equipment Credit Facility is million, available to the Company for delayed draw term loans drawn on or before June 30, 2025, in U.S. dollars. The Company may make and repay borrowings from time to time until the maturity of the Equipment Credit Facility, but once repaid, loans may not be reborrowed. The Company may make voluntary prepayments of borrowings at any time. Borrowings under the Equipment Credit Facility will mature on September 26, 2027. The 
 F-25 

Table of Contents plus a margin of to , depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Company. Alternatively, Equipment Borrowers have the option of selecting a base rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus and (c) SOFR (subject to a floor of plus a margin of , in each case plus a margin of to , depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Company. A commitment fee of per annum was paid from April 26, 2024 until June 28, 2024, and thereafter a commitment fee of between to per annum is payable quarterly on the actual daily unused portion of the Equipment Credit Facility, depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Company. 
 The proceeds of the Equipment Credit Facility will be used for purchases of eligible equipment and associated software costs for the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 The Company s obligations under the Equipment Credit Agreement are secured by the equipment and associated software financed by the Equipment Credit Facility and are guaranteed by a number of Company subsidiaries on an unsecured basis. 
 The Equipment Credit Agreement contains customary covenants restricting the Company s activities, as well as those of its subsidiaries, including limitations on the ability to sell financed equipment or all or substantially all assets, engage in mergers or other fundamental changes, grant liens or negative pledges on financed equipment, make changes in its corporate structure, though there are certain exceptions and carveouts related to these restrictions. In addition, the Equipment Credit Agreement includes financial covenants related to the Company s consolidated total net leverage ratio and its consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. 
 Convertible Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On June 9, 2020, Varex issued million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior unsecured notes due 2025 Convertible Notes ). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes, after deducting transaction fees and offering expense payable by the Company, were approximately million. The Convertible Notes bear interest at the annual rate of , payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2020, and will mature on June 1, 2025, unless earlier converted or repurchased by Varex. 
 The Convertible Notes are convertible into cash, shares of Varex common stock or a combination thereof, at Varex s election, at an initial conversion rate of 48.048 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes may be converted at any time after, and including, December 15, 2024, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes is million. 
 In accordance with the applicable accounting standards, a short-term debt obligation should be excluded from current liabilities if the entity has both the intent and ability to refinance the obligation on a long-term basis. The intent and ability can be demonstrated by the issuance of a long-term obligation to refinance the short-term obligation on a long-term basis after the date of an entity s balance sheet but before that balance sheet is issued. Due to the entry into the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company classified million of debt outstanding as of September 27, 2024 as long-term debt, net of current portion. The remaining principal amount totaling million is classified as current portion of long-term debt as of September 27, 2024. 
 Call Spread 
 On June 4, 2020 and June 5, 2020, in connection with the offering of the Convertible Notes, Varex entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions (collectively, the Hedge Transactions ). The Hedge Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of Varex common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Notes. The Hedge Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution and/or offset any cash payments Varex is required to make in excess of the principal amount due upon conversion of the Convertible Notes in the event that the market price of Varex common stock is greater than the strike price of the Hedge Transactions, which was initially per share (subject to adjustment under the terms of the Hedge Transactions). The strike price of corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes. The number of shares underlying the Hedge Transactions is million. 
 On June 4, 2020 and June 5, 2020, Varex also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions (collectively, the Warrant Transactions and, together with the Hedge Transactions, the Call Spread Transactions ), whereby the Company sold warrants at a higher strike price relating to the same number of shares of Varex common stock that initially underlie the Convertible Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The initial strike price of the warrants is per share (subject to adjustment under the terms of the Warrant Transactions), which is above the last reported sale price of Varex common stock on June 4, 2020. The Warrant Transactions could have a dilutive effect to the Company's stockholders to the extent that the market price per share of Varex common stock, as measured under the terms of the Warrant Transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 million. The number of warrants outstanding as of September 27, 2024, was million. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Varex issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the "Senior Secured Notes") pursuant to an indenture dated September 30, 2020, among Varex, certain of its direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries as guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee and collateral agent. Interest payments are paid semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2021. 
 The Senior Secured Notes are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of the assets of Varex and the assets and capital stock of its subsidiary guarantors (subject to exceptions), except for assets for which a first priority security interest is pledged for the Revolving Credit Facility, in which the Senior Secured Notes will have a second lien security interest. The Senior Secured Notes include negative covenants, subject to certain exceptions, restricting or limiting Varex's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, incur liens on collateral; sell certain assets; incur additional indebtedness; pay dividends; issue preferred shares; consolidate, merge, or sell all or substantially all of its assets; and enter into certain transactions with their affiliates. 
 On July 15, 2021, the Company redeemed million of Senior Secured Notes, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the governing indenture, by paying cash of million, inclusive of the redemption premium and accrued interest, and recognized a million loss related to the redemption premium and the write-off of previously recorded debt issuance costs. The redemption price of the redeemed notes was of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest from, and including, April 15, 2021 to, but excluding, the redemption date of July 15, 2021. 
 On March 18, 2022, the Company redeemed million of Senior Secured Notes, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the governing indenture, by paying cash of million, inclusive of the redemption premium and accrued interest, and recognized a million loss related to the redemption premium and the write-off of previously recorded debt issuance costs. The redemption price of the redeemed notes was of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest from, and including, October 15, 2021 to, but excluding, the redemption date of March 18, 2022. As of September 27, 2024, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes was million. 
 Asset-Based Loan 
 On September 30, 2020, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement consisting of a million asset-based loan revolving credit facility. On March 26, 2024, the Company terminated the ABL Facility and recognized million of the remaining unamortized issuance costs in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, which excludes costs related to lenders that continued under the Revolving Credit Facility. There was no principal balance outstanding under the ABL Facility when it was terminated. 
 
 10. 
 . Because the Company had the ability to exercise significant influence in, but not control, over MeVis Breastcare, it was historically accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company increased its ownership in MeVis Breastcare to for a purchase price of million, resulting in the Company now holding a controlling interest in MeVis Breastcare. The purchase of this additional ownership interest was accounted for as a business combination achieved in stages, or step acquisition. As a result, the previously held equity interest was remeasured to its acquisition-date fair value, with a gain of million recognized in Other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The assets and liabilities of MeVis Breastcare were then recorded on the Company's balance sheet at their fair values in accordance with ASC 805, and a gain on bargain purchase of million was recorded during the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 in Other expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Because the purchase price did not give consideration to the other assets of the business, the fair value of the ownership interest acquired exceeded the price paid to the third party partial owner and this resulted in a gain on bargain purchase. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of total consideration transferred Remeasurement of previous equity interest Carrying value of previous equity interest before acquisition Fair value of previous equity interest at acquisition date Remeasurement gain recorded on previous equity interest Total of consideration paid and fair value of previous equity interest Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Intangible assets, net Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Noncontrolling interest in MeVis Breastcare ) Bargain purchase gain ) Total 
 
 11. 
 million and million, respectively. As of September 29, 2023, the fair values of the Company's Convertible Notes and Senior Secured Notes, measured using Level 1 inputs, were million and million, respectively. The Company has elected to use the income approach to value its derivative instruments using standard valuation techniques and Level 2 inputs, such as currency spot rates, forward points and credit default swap spreads. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

Corporate notes/bonds Government agencies US treasury bills Certificates of deposit Derivative assets 
 Deferred compensation plan (1) 
 Marketable equity securities Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: 
 Derivative liabilities 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (1) The assets held under the Company s deferred compensation plan are classified in Level 1 as they relate primarily to publicly traded mutual funds for which there are observable market prices in active markets. 
 Fair Value Measurements at September 29, 2023 (In millions) 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets 
 (Level 1) 
 Significant Other 
 Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Total Assets: 
 Money market funds Commercial paper Corporate notes/bonds Government agencies US treasury bills Derivative assets Deferred compensation plan (1) 
 Marketable equity securities Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: 
 Derivative liabilities Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (1) The assets held under the Company s deferred compensation plan are classified in Level 1 as they relate primarily to publicly traded mutual funds for which there are observable market prices in active markets. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

US treasury bills Government agencies Certificates of deposit Total marketable debt securities 
 The following table summarizes the marketable debt securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 2023. 
 September 29, 2023 (In millions) Amortized Costs Fair Value Commercial paper Corporate notes/bonds US treasury bills Government agencies Total marketable debt securities 
 
 Due after one year through five years Total marketable debt securities 
 During the twelve months ended September 27, 2024, there were no gross realized gains or losses from the sale of certain marketable debt securities that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

Marketable securities Other assets Total marketable debt securities 
 September 29, 2023 (In millions) Commercial Paper Corporate Notes/Bonds Government Agencies Treasury Bills Total Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total marketable debt securities 

12. 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Balance at September 27, 2024 
 
 ) ) Patents, licenses and other 
 ) ) Customer contracts and supplier relationship 
 ) ) Total intangible assets 
 ) ) 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million as of September 27, 2024. See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included in the accompanying Notes to the for additional information. 
 In fiscal year 2022, the Company entered into several agreements with a third-party company, whose stock is publicly traded on a foreign exchange. Under these agreements, the Company will make certain milestone payments of up to million upon achievement of specified milestones. During fiscal years 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Company paid million, million, and million respectively, to the third-party company, which was recorded in research and development in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining milestone was achieved and paid in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. 
 The Company enters into purchase agreements with its suppliers in the ordinary course of its business for the purchase of goods and services. Some of these purchase agreements are non-cancellable and thus contractually obligate the Company to future cash payments. The Company has non-cancellable supplier purchase obligations of approximately million as of September 27, 2024. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company did not have any material contingent liabilities as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. Legal expenses are expensed as incurred. 
 
 14. 
 interest. Accordingly, the Company has consolidated the operations of the Saudi Arabia partnership in the Company's consolidated financial statements and recorded the noncontrolling interests. The noncontrolling interest related to the partner s interest in the joint venture is included in noncontrolling interests in the equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income representing the noncontrolling partner's share of income from operations is included in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In April 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of of the then outstanding shares of MeVis Medical Solutions AG MeVis ), a public company based in Bremen, Germany, that provides image processing software and services for cancer screening. In August 2015, the Company, through one of its German subsidiaries, entered into a Domination and Profit and Loss Transfer Agreement (the DPLTA with MeVis. In October 2015, the DPLTA became effective upon its registration at the local court of Bremen, Germany. Unde r the DPLTA, MeVis subordinates its management to the Company and undertakes to transfer all of its annual profits and losses to the Company. In return, the DPLTA grants the noncontrolling shareholders of MeVis: (1) an annual recurring net compensation of per MeVis share starting from January 1, 2015 and (2) a put right for their MeVis shares at per MeVis share. In fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Company purchased an immaterial number of MeVis' shares for an additional of outstanding shares under the put right such that the Company now owns of the outstanding shares of common stock of MeVis . During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020, the put right granted to the noncontrolling shareholders of MeVis under the DPLTA expired unexercised, which resulted in the redeemable noncontrolling interests being reclassified to permanent equity as noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 27, 2024, noncontrolling shareholders together held approximately million shares of MeVis, representing of the outstanding shares. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Business acquisitions Other, including foreign currency remeasurement ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 15. 
 of the lower of its fair market value at the start and end of a purchase period. During the fiscal year 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved an increase in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2017 ESPP of million shares. As of September 27, 2024 the 2017 ESPP provides for the purchase of up to million shares of Varex common stock. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Share-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest. Share-based compensation expense includes expenses related to the Company s direct employees. 
 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 The unrecognized share-based compensation cost as of September 27, 2024 was million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of fiscal years. As of September 27, 2024, there were approximately million and million shares of common stock available for future issuances under the 2020 Stock Plan and the 2017 ESPP, respectively. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected volatility 
 Expected dividend 
 Weighted average fair value at grant date 
 
 Option valuation methods, including Black-Scholes, require the input of subjective assumptions, which are discussed below. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 The interest rates used are based on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term equal to the expected life of the award. 
 Expected Term 
 Options granted generally vest over a period of months and expire to years from the date of grant. Employee stock purchase plan offering periods are typically months and provide eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of Varex common stock at of the lower of its fair market value at the start or end of a six-month purchase period. The Company has elected to use the simplified method in calculating the expected term of its options due to a lack of sufficient historical information. 
 Expected Dividend Yield 
 The dividend rate used is as the Company has never paid any cash dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The Company is also restricted from paying dividends on common stock under its debt facilities. 
 Expected Volatility 
 Authoritative accounting guidance on stock-based compensation indicates that companies should consider volatility over a period generally commensurate with the expected or contractual term of the stock option. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's common stock. 
 Stock Option Activity 
 
 - 
 Granted 
 - 
 Canceled, expired or forfeited 
 ) - 
 Outstanding at September 27, 2024 - 
 Exercisable at September 27, 2024 - 
 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, which is computed based on the difference between the exercise price and the closing price of Varex common stock of as of September 27, 2024, the last trading date of the Company's respective fiscal years, and which represents the amount that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options and sold the shares received upon exercise as of that date. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during the years ended September 27, 2024, September 29, 2023 and September 30, 2022 was , million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units, Performance Stock Units, Restricted Stock Awards and Deferred Stock Units 
 During the fiscal year 2024, the Company issued performance stock units ("PSUs") to certain officers and key employees in connection with our long-term incentive program. Each PSU represents the right to receive one share of our common stock, provided that the applicable performance and vesting conditions are satisfied. 
 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Canceled, expired or forfeited 
 ) Balance at September 27, 2024 
 The total grant-date fair value of shares granted was million, million and million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Shares outstanding at September 27, 2024, September 29, 2023 and September 30, 2022 had an estimated market value of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 
 State and local 
 Foreign 
 Total current 
 Deferred i ncome tax (benefit) expense : 
 Federal 
 ) State and local 
 ) ) ) Foreign 
 ) ) Total deferred 
 ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 ) Foreign Income before taxes 
 
 State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 ) ) Statutory rate change impact on prior year deferreds ) Return to provision ) ) ) Research and development credit 
 ) ) ) Foreign rate difference ) Share-based compensation Change in valuation allowance ) U.S. tax reform - international provisions ) ) ) Other ) Effective tax rate 
 ) 
 
 During fiscal year 2024, the Company's effective tax rate varied from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of U.S. deferred tax attributes and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance is provided, as well as profit in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates greater than 21 . These unfavorable items were partially offset by the favorable impact of U.S. tax reform regarding international provision, R D credits, and return to provision adjustments. 
 During fiscal year 2023, the Company s effective tax rate varied from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the favorable impact of the release of the U.S. valuation allowance, U.S. tax reform regarding international provisions, R D credits, and return to provision adjustments. These favorable items were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of profit in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates greater than 21 . 
 During fiscal year 2022, the Company s effective tax rate varied from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of profit in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates greater than 21 and also U.S. deferred tax attributes and losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance is provided. These unfavorable items are partially offset by the favorable impact of U.S. tax reform international provisions, return to provision adjustments, and R D tax credits. 
 The Company has estimated its fiscal year 2024 GILTI (global intangible low-taxed income), BEAT (base-erosion anti-abuse tax), FDII (foreign-derived intangible income), limitations on interest expense deductions, and other components of U.S. tax reform, and have included these amounts in the calculation of the fiscal year 2024 tax provision. The Company has made an accounting policy election, as allowed by the SEC and FASB, to recognize the impact of GILTI as a period cost if and when incurred. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

Share-based compensation Product warranty Unrealized exchange gain Deferred compensation Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued vacation Accrued incentives Credit carryforwards Deferred financing fees Capitalized interest Lease liabilities Investments in privately held companies Research and experimentation capitalization Royalty advance Other DTA Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Acquired intangibles ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Other DTL ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets Reported As: Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The Company is maintaining its reinvestment assertion with respect to foreign earnings for the year ended September 27, 2024, which is that all earnings prior to fiscal year 2018 are permanently reinvested for all countries, and that all earnings for Varex Imaging Sweden and Oy Varex Imaging Finland, are also indefinitely reinvested in those countries, but post fiscal year 2017 earnings in all other countries are not permanently reinvested. Due to the level of earnings available for repatriation, the treaty benefits applicable to jurisdictions in which those earnings are located, and the now favorable U.S. tax treatment of repatriated foreign earnings, the amount of deferred tax liability recorded related to the potential repatriation is approximately million. This estimated liability is for U.S. state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes that would apply if the foreign earnings were repatriated in the form of a dividend. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards ("NOL") of approximately million carried forward indefinitely. 
 A valuation allowance is provided if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Also, net operating loss carryforwards in jurisdictions with current losses provide uncertainty for realization. As of September 27, 2024, based on the Company s assessment of the realizability of net deferred tax assets, it reached the conclusion that it was more likely than not that the U.S. federal deferred tax assets are not realizable. As a result, a valuation allowance was placed against all of 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 million during fiscal year 2024 and decreased by million during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Other increases Other decreases ) ) Valuation allowance balance end of fiscal year 
 The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes following a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining whether the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that, based on the technical merits, the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Unrecognized tax benefits balance end of fiscal year 
 As of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million and million, respectively, all of which would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. 
 The Company includes interest and penalties related to income taxes within income tax expense (benefit) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the year ended September 27, 2024, million interest and penalties have been included for this period. For the year ended September 29, 2023, million interest and penalties have been included for this period. For the year ended September 30, 2022, million interest and penalties have been included for this period. 
 The Company files U.S. federal and state income tax returns and non-U.S. income tax returns in various jurisdictions. All of these returns are subject to examination by their respective taxing jurisdictions from the date of filing through each applicable statute of limitation period. Other periods for entities acquired are still open and subject to examination. Generally, periods prior to 2014 are no longer subject to examination. 
 
 17. 
 reportable operating segments: Medical and Industrial, which aligns with how its CEO, who is the Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), reviews the Company s performance. The segments align the Company s products and service offerings with customer use in medical and industrial and are consistent with how the Company s CEO evaluates the business for the allocation of resources. The CODM allocates resources to and evaluates the financial performance of each operating segment primarily based on revenues and gross profit. The operating and reportable segment structure provides alignment between business strategies and operating results. 
 Description of Segments 
 The Medical segment designs, manufactures, sells, and services X-ray imaging components, including X-ray tubes, digital detectors and accessories, ionization chambers, high voltage connectors, image-processing software and workstations, 3D reconstruction software, computer-aided diagnostic software, collimators, automatic exposure control devices, generators, and heat exchangers. These components are used in a range of medical imaging applications including CT, mammography, oncology, cardiac, surgery, dental, and other diagnostic radiography uses. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial 
 Total revenues 
 Gross profit 
 Medical 
 Industrial 
 Total gross profit 
 Total operating expenses 
 Interest and other expense, net ) ) ) Income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net (loss) income ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (loss) income attributable to Varex ) 
 The Company does not disclose total assets by segment as this information is not provided to the CODM. 
 EMEA APAC Total company 
 
 Revenue in the United States of America was million, million and million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company operates various manufacturing and marketing operations outside the United States. Americas includes North and South America. EMEA includes Europe, Russia, the Middle East, India and Africa. APAC includes Asia and Australia. Revenues by region are based on the known final destination of products sold. 
 
 18. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company also maintains defined benefit plans for certain employees located outside the United States. The net pension liability is included in other long-term liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million and million as of September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. The Company s net periodic benefit costs for the Company s defined benefit plans were not material for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 
 19. ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Adjustments reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss Income tax impact 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Balance at September 29, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications 
 ) ) Adjustments reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 Balance at September 27, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 F-40 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41-10xk2024.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF VAREX S CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following is a summary of the material terms of Varex s capital stock contained in Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the in the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). The summaries and descriptions below do not purport to be complete statements of the relevant provisions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or the DGCL. 
 General 
 Varex s authorized capital stock consists of 150 million shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 20 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Varex s board of directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. 
 Common Stock 
 Each holder of Varex common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted upon by the common stockholders, and there are no cumulative voting rights. Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock, holders of Varex common stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, declared from time to time by Varex s board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Varex, holders of its common stock would be entitled to ratable distribution of its assets remaining after the payment in full of liabilities and any preferential rights of any then-outstanding preferred stock. 
 Holders of Varex common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of Varex common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of Varex common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that Varex may designate and issue in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Varex s board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL and by Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to issue up to 20 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series without further action by the holders of its common stock. Varex s board of directors have the discretion, subject to limitations prescribed by the DGCL and by Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions of Delaware Law and Varex s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Provisions of the DGCL and Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire Varex by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that Varex s board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of Varex to first negotiate with Varex s board of directors. Varex believes that the benefits of increased protection of its ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure it outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute . Varex is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover statute. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business 
 1 

combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time, the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) the voting stock owned by directors who are also officers or held in employee benefit plans in which the employees do not have a confidential right to tender or vote stock held by the plan) or (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own) 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by Varex s board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by Varex s stockholders. 
 Classified Board . Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that its board of directors was initially divided into three classes, two of which are comprised of two directors and one of which is comprised of three directors. In connection with the spin-off of Varex from Varian, directors of each class were initially elected for staggered three-year terms. In accordance with Varex s certificate of incorporation, (i) commencing with the class of directors standing for election at the Company s 2020 annual meeting, directors will stand for election for a two-year term (ii) commencing with the class of directors standing for election at the Company s 2021 annual meeting, directors will stand for election for a one-year term and (iii) commencing with the Company s 2022 annual meeting, and at each annual meeting thereafter, all directors will stand for election for a one-year term. Until the board is declassified, it would take at least two elections of directors for any individual or group to gain control of Varex s board of directors. Accordingly, these provisions could discourage a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to gain control of Varex. 
 At any meeting of stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, the election will be determined by a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote in the election, with directors not receiving a majority of the votes cast required to tender their resignations for consideration by the board, except that in the case of a contested election, the election will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote in the election. 
 Removal of Directors . For so long as the Varex board of directors is classified, Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that its stockholders may remove its directors only for cause, by an affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of Varex s voting stock then-outstanding. Following the 2022 annual meeting, Varex s stockholders may remove its directors with or without cause by an affirmative vote of at least a majority of Varex s voting stock then-outstanding. 
 Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation . Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of its voting stock then-outstanding is required to amend certain provisions relating to the term and removal of its directors, the filling of its board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders, stockholder action by written consent, the elimination of liability of directors to the extent permitted by Delaware law and indemnification of directors and officers. The provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to the 66 2 3 voting threshold will be of no force and effect effective as of the completion of the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders and the amended and restated certificate of incorporation may thereafter be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding voting stock then-outstanding. 
 Amendments to Bylaws . Varex s amended and restated bylaws provide that they may be amended by Varex s board of directors or by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of Varex s voting stock then-outstanding. 
 Size of Board and Vacancies . Varex s amended and restated bylaws provide that the number of directors on its board of directors will be fixed exclusively by its board of directors, except that the minimum number of 
 2 

directors will be three. Any vacancies created in its board of directors resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be filled by a majority of the board of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum is present, or by a sole remaining director. Any director appointed to fill a vacancy on Varex s board of directors will be appointed for a term expiring at the next election of the class for which such director has been appointed, and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. 
 Special Stockholder Meetings . Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that only the board of directors, pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the whole board, or the chairman of the board of directors may call special meetings of Varex stockholders. The majority of the board of directors must concur with the calling of the meeting by the chairman. Stockholders may not call special stockholder meetings. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent . Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation expressly eliminates the right of its stockholders to act by written consent effective as of the distribution. Stockholder action must take place at the annual or a special meeting of Varex stockholders. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals . Varex s certificate of incorporation mandates that stockholder nominations for the election of directors will be given in accordance with the bylaws. The amended and restated bylaws will establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and nomination of candidates for election as directors as well as minimum qualification requirements for stockholders making the proposals or nominations. Additionally, the bylaws require that candidates for election as director disclose their qualifications and make certain representations. 
 No Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless the company s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock . The authority of Varex s board of directors to issue preferred stock could potentially be used to discourage attempts by third parties to obtain control of Varex s company through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult or more costly. Varex s board of directors may be able to issue preferred stock with voting rights or conversion rights that, if exercised, could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock. 
 Limitations on Liability, Indemnification of Officers and Directors and Insurance 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties as directors, and Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes such an exculpation provision. Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that indemnify, to the fullest extent allowable under the DGCL, the personal liability of directors or officers for monetary damages for actions taken as a director or officer of Varex, or for serving at Varex s request as a director or officer or another position at another corporation or enterprise, as the case may be. Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that Varex must indemnify and advance reasonable expenses to its directors and officers, subject to its receipt of an undertaking from the indemnified party as may be required under the DGCL. Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation will expressly authorize Varex to carry directors and officers insurance to protect Varex, its directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against Varex s directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit Varex and its stockholders. However, these provisions do not limit or eliminate Varex s rights, or those of any stockholder, to seek non-monetary relief such as injunction or rescission in the event of a breach of a director s duty of care. The provisions do not alter the liability of directors under the federal securities laws. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts located within the State of Delaware or, if no state court located in the State 
 3 

of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Varex, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of Varex to Varex or Varex s stockholders, any action asserting a claim against Varex or any director or officer of Varex arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Varex s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against Varex or any director or officer of Varex governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 Varex s authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock may be issued without stockholder approval. Varex may use additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Varex by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 exhibit1023-10xk2024.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.23 
 
 Execution Version 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of August 30, 2024 (this Amendment ), is made and entered into by and among VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Parent Borrower ), VAREX IMAGING WEST, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with the Parent Borrower, collectively, the U.S. Borrowers and each, individually, a U.S. Borrower ), VAREX IMAGING DEUTSCHLAND AG, a German stock corporation (the German Borrower , and together with the U.S. Borrowers, collectively, the Borrowers , and each, a Borrower ), the other Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, the undersigned financial institutions party thereto as lenders (collectively, the Lenders and each individually, a Lender ), and ZIONS BANCORPORATION, N.A. DBA ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK Zions ), in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacities, and including any successor thereto, the Administrative Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Lenders have previously extended a revolving credit facility to the Borrowers, in an aggregate original principal amount of 155,000,000 (the Revolving Credit Facility ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024, by and among the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ). 
 B. The Revolving Credit Facility and all other Obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by, among other things, that certain (i) U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024, by and among U.S. Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto and the Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), (ii) Share Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024, by and among VAREX IMAGING INVESTMENTS B.V., a Dutch company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, the German Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), (iii) Account Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024, by and between the German Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) and (iv) Security Transfer Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2024, by and between the German Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). 
 C. The Obligations are guaranteed by the Loan Parties pursuant to the Guaranty set forth in Article X of the Credit Agreement. 
 D. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders parties hereto (which constitute Required Lenders), the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties agree to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Credit Agreement. 
 1 
 Active 701159501v4 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . Each party hereto hereby acknowledges the accuracy of the Recitals, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. Defined Terms Interpretation Etc . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement. This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document, as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 3. Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 (a) The definition of Consolidated Fixed Coverage Ratio set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, less Unfinanced Capital Expenditures, less federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash, less Restricted Payments made in cash under Section 6.02 (other than Restricted Payments of Convertible Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 50 of the Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (y) 50,000,000), each for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date to (b) the sum of Fixed Charges, scheduled principal payments with respect to Consolidated Total Indebtedness (other than the amounts due at the maturity thereof), and payments on Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(f) , each determined on a Consolidated basis for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or immediately prior to such date. 
 (b) The definition of Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Consolidated Total Net Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness, minus (b) the lesser of (i) the aggregate amount of Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents held by the Parent Borrower and the Loan Parties in one or more deposit, investment, commodities or similar accounts provided that 90 days after the Closing Date any such account shall only be counted under this clause (i) if such account is maintained with, or subject to the control (as defined in the UCC or as contemplated in the non-U.S. equivalent thereof) of, the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or maintained with a Cash Management Bank provided, further, that for each of the Fiscal Quarters ending on or around September 27, 2024, January 3, 2025 and April 4, 2025, the Dollar equivalent of the amounts on deposit with Commerzbank AG and subject to that certain acknowledgement letter dated June 28, 2024 from Commerzbank AG to the Administrative Agent shall be counted in the calculation of this subclause (i), and (ii) (A) for each of the Fiscal Quarters ending on or around September 27, 2024, January 3, 2025 and April 4, 2025, 150,000,000 and (B) for any other Fiscal Quarter, 100,000,000, provided, that the amounts set forth in the foregoing subclauses (i) and (ii)(A), respectively, shall only be applicable for purposes of determining compliance with the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio set forth in Section 6.12(a) . 
 
 2 
 Active 701159501v4 

(c) Clause (c) in the definition of Payment Conditions set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (c) with respect to any proposed Restricted Payment at any time that the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio exceeds 2.50 1.00, immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, such Restricted Payment does not exceed 50 of the Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided, however, that if at the time of a proposed Restricted Payment involving Convertible Indebtedness the Parent Borrower s bond price is trading at or below par (prior to any transaction fees), such Restricted Payment may instead be in an amount up to the greater of (x) 50 of the Consolidated Net Income of the Parent Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (y) 50,000,000. 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Closing this Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date on which the following conditions precedent are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreement) (such date, the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (and, in the case of each document specified in this Section to be received by the Administrative Agent, such document shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received this Amendment and any other Loan Document to be executed on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date which may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection therewith, in each case, which may be by facsimile or other electronic image scan transmission, duly executed and delivered by each applicable party thereto. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received all previously invoiced fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, including reimbursement or payment of all previously invoiced out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) required to be reimbursed or paid by any Loan Party. 
 (e) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment and both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall exist. 
 (f) The representations and warranties in Section 5 of this Amendment shall be true and correct in all material respects. 
 5. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent on and as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date that 
 (a) Existence, Qualification and Power . Such Loan Party (i) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (x) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (iii) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Amendment and each Loan Document to which it is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its certificate or articles of incorporation 
 3 
 Active 701159501v4 

or organization or other applicable constitutive documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (x) any material contractual obligation to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or (y) any material order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or its property is subject or (c) violate any law in any material respect. 
 (c) Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery, or performance by, or enforcement against, such Loan Party of this Amendment or any other Loan Document, except for such approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions or notices that have been duly obtained, taken or made and in full force and effect. 
 (d) Execution and Delivery Binding Effect . This Amendment has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties party thereto. This Amendment constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 (e) Incorporation of Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party set forth in the Credit Agreement and in any other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 
 6. Reaffirmation of Guarantees and Security Interests . Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges its receipt of a copy of this Amendment and its review of the terms and conditions hereof and consents to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated thereby. Each Loan Party hereby (a) affirms and confirms its guarantees, pledges, grants and other undertakings under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and (b) agrees that (i) each Loan Document to which it is a party shall continue to be in full force and effect and (ii) all guarantees, pledges, grants and other undertakings thereunder shall continue to be in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 7. Waiver of Defenses and Release of Claims . Each Loan Party hereby (i) represents that neither such Loan Party nor any Affiliate or principal thereof have any defenses to or setoffs against any Obligations owing by such Loan Party, or by such Loan Party s Affiliates or principals, to the Administrative Agent or each other Secured Party or the Administrative Agent s or each other Secured Party s Affiliates, nor any claims against the Administrative Agent or the other Secured Parties or the Administrative Agent s Affiliates or other Secured Parties Affiliates for any matter whatsoever, related or unrelated to the Loan Documents or any Obligations, and (ii) releases the Administrative Agent, each other Secured Party, and the Administrative Agent s and each other Secured Party s Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents from all claims, causes of action, and costs, in law or equity, known or unknown, whether or not matured or contingent, existing prior to the date hereof that such Loan Party has or may have by reason of any matter of any conceivable kind or character whatsoever, related or unrelated to the Obligations, including the subject matter of the Loan Documents. The foregoing release does not apply, however, to claims for future performance of express contractual obligations that mature on or after the date hereof that are owing to the Loan Parties by the Administrative Agent or each other Secured Party or Administrative Agent s or each other Secured Party s Affiliates. Each Loan Party acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party have been induced to enter into or continue the Obligations by, among other things, the waivers and releases in this Section. 
 4 
 Active 701159501v4 

8. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Amendment, Modification and Waiver . This Amendment may not be amended and no provision hereof may be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (b) Entire Agreement . This Amendment, the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and verbal, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (c) Governing Law . This Amendment and any claims controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Utah. 
 (d) Incorporation of Credit Agreement Provisions . Section 9.03 (Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver), Section 9.07 (Severability), Section 9.09(b) (Jurisdiction), Section 9.09(c) (Waiver of Venue), Section 9.09(d) (Service of Process), and Section 9.10 (WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL) of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis , as if such Sections were set forth in full herein. 
 (e) Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. PURSUANT TO UTAH CODE SECTION 25-5-4, THE LOAN PARTIES ARE NOTIFIED THAT THESE AGREEMENTS ARE A FINAL EXPRESSION OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THE LOAN PARTIES, AND THESE AGREEMENTS MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF ANY ALLEGED ORAL AGREEMENT. Except as provided in Section 4 hereof, this Amendment shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (f) Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 (g) Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents . On and after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed and this Amendment shall not be considered a novation. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or Lender under, the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 5 
 Active 701159501v4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION, as the Parent Borrower 
 By s Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Name Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 VAREX IMAGING WEST, LLC, as a U.S. Borrower 
 By s Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Name Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 VAREX IMAGING DEUTSCHLAND AG, as the German Borrower 
 By s Marcus Kirchoff 
 Name Marcus Kirchoff 
 Title Member of the Executive Board 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . I TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

VAREX IMAGING INVESTMENTS B.V., as a Guarantor, represented by 
 
 By s Kimberley E. Honeysett 
 Name Kimberley E. Honeysett 
 Title Director 
 VAREX IMAGING AMERICAS CORPORATION, as a Guarantor 
 By s David Van Woerkom 
 Name David Van Woerkom 
 Title Treasurer 
 VAREX IMAGING HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor 
 By s Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Name Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Title President 
 VAREX IMAGING WEST HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor 
 By s David Van Woerkom 
 Name David Van Woerkom 
 Title Treasurer 
 VIRTUAL MEDIA INTEGRATION, LLC, as a Guarantor 
 By VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION, its sole member 
 By s Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Name Sunny S. Sanyal 
 Title President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

ZIONS BANCORPORATION, N.A. DBA ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender and as the Administrative Agent 
 By s Jason Shurtleff 
 Name Jason Shurtleff 
 Title Vice President 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

UMB BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s Ben Johnson 
 Name Ben Johnson 
 Title Senior VP 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By s Nate Quist 
 Name Nate Quist 
 Title Vice President 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Lender 
 By s David Sanders 
 Name David Sanders 
 Title SVP, Global Relationship Manager 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 By s Matt S Dent 
 Name Matt S Dent 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT (VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION) 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 exhibit191-10xk2024.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 19.1 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 A. POLICY 
 Varex policy prohibits directors, officers 1 and employees from trading on, or improperly disclosing or using, inside information. Inside information is information known to them through their relationship with or concerning Varex but not known to the investing public. This policy is intended to protect the reputation of Varex and its personnel and to help guard them from legal liability. (This policy is not intended to result in criminal liability, or in civil liability to third parties, which would not exist in the absence of the policy.) 
 ANYONE IN DOUBT ABOUT THE APPLICATION OF THIS POLICY MUST SEEK LEGAL DEPARTMENT GUIDANCE BEFORE PROCEEDING. 
 1. The Basic Rule No Trading on Inside Information 
 Directors, officers and employees shall not trade in the stock or other securities of Varex while in possession of material, non-public information relating to Varex. They also shall not trade in the securities of any other company about which they have material, non-public information where such information is known to them through their relationship with Varex. 
 These constraints also apply (1) to family members and others living in the same household, and (2) to individuals or entities that are controlled or subject to the influence of the Varex director, officer or employee, his or her family members, or others in his or her household. Former employees and directors departing Varex during a blackout period (as described below) will remain subject to this policy until the relevant blackout period is lifted. 
 Non-public information is material if it could reasonably be expected to affect the price of a company s stock. Some common examples are financial projections or changes in estimates of future earnings proposed acquisitions, divestitures, or joint ventures changes in senior management stock offerings or repurchases by the Company substantial increases or decreases in dividends on VREX stock significant new products or discoveries gain or loss of a substantial customer or supplier or significant expansion or curtailment of operations. 
 2. Disclosure of Non-Public Information Is Prohibited 
 Varex personnel are prohibited from disclosing to anyone inside or outside the Company any confidential, non-public information, including technical, proprietary, or business-sensitive information obtained at or through Varex, except on a need-to-know basis and where there is no reason to believe that the information will be misused or improperly disclosed. 
 This prohibition applies to all confidential, non-public technical, proprietary or business-sensitive information, whether or not it is material. 
 3. Rule 10b5-1 Stock Plans 
 Trades in Varex securities under a stock plan that complies with the requirements of SEC Rule 10b5-1 and other applicable rules or sections of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 10b5-1 Plan are exempt from the blackout periods provided for under this Company Policy, or other blackout periods instituted from time to time by Varex, unless the employee with the 10b5-1 Plan is notified otherwise. All 10b5-1 Plans should be submitted to the Legal Department for approval in advance of their intended effective date and any questions about 10b5-1 Plans should be directed to the Legal Department. 
 
 1 For purposes of this policy, officers shall be deemed to be officers of the Company required to comply with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 1 

4. Blackout Periods Regarding Varex Stock 
 All directors, officers, business unit general managers, and other employees who have access to, or assist in compiling, company financial data and other employees identified by the Legal Department, shall refrain from trading in Varex securities for four quarterly periods (the quarterly blackout period each year and such additional periods as announced. Each quarterly blackout period begins two weeks prior to the end of each fiscal quarter i.e. , before the stock markets open on the second Monday prior to the last day of each fiscal quarter) and ends two full business days after Varex publicly releases its quarterly financial and operational results for that quarter. 
 Specific exceptions may be made when the applicant does not possess material, non-public information, personal circumstances warrant the exception, and the exception would not otherwise contravene the law or the purpose of this policy. Any request for an exception must be directed to the Legal Department. 
 5. Trading After Public Announcements 
 Personnel privy to material information concerning Varex which is the subject of a public announcement shall refrain from trading in Varex securities for a period of two business days, or such shorter period of time as is determined by the Legal Department, after the information is publicly announced by Varex so as to allow time for the investing public to receive and absorb the information. 
 6. Special Provisions Applicable to Directors and Officers 
 a. Preclearance and Short Selling . Directors and officers are (1) required to pre-clear any trades in VREX stock prior to trading and (2) prohibited by law from engaging in short selling of Varex securities, including selling against the box. 
 b. Purchases on Margin Use of Varex Securities as Collateral . Directors and officers are prohibited from purchasing Varex securities on margin, holding Varex securities in a margin account, borrowing against any account in which Varex securities are held or otherwise pledging Varex securities as collateral for a loan. For all other employees subject to the quarterly blackout period under this Policy, although purchases on margin and the pledging of or borrowing against Varex securities are not strictly prohibited, such activities are strongly discouraged and advance consultation with the Legal Department is required. 
 c. Publicly Traded Options Hedging Transactions . Given the relatively short term of publicly traded options, transactions in options may create the appearance that a director, officer or employee is trading based on material, non-public information and focus that person s attention on short-term performance at the expense of Varex s long-term objectives. Similarly, certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds, allow a person to lock in much of the value of his or her stockholdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the securities. These transactions would allow the person to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, a director, officer or employee engaged in such transaction may no longer have the same objectives as Varex s other stockholders. For these reasons, directors and officers and any employee subject to the quarterly blackout period under this Policy are prohibited from engaging in transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities on an exchange or in any other organized market and from engaging in any hedging transaction. Other employees are urged to use caution if they do engage in such transactions. 
 7. Provisions Applicable to Stock Awards 
 Any questions about the following provisions should be directed to the Legal Department. 
 2 

a. Stock Option Exercises . This policy does not restrict the cash exercise of a stock option acquired pursuant to Varex s equity plans or the related forfeiture of otherwise issuable shares of stock to satisfy the exercise price and or any tax withholding requirements. It does, however, restrict any market sale of shares acquired upon the exercise of a stock option, including any broker-assisted same day sale to generate the cash needed to satisfy the exercise price and or any tax withholding requirements. 
 b. Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares . This policy does not restrict the vesting and or settlement of restricted stock units RSUs ), performance shares, or other similar equity instruments, or the related forfeiture of otherwise issuable shares of stock to satisfy any tax withholding requirements upon the vesting and or settlement of any such equity awards. This policy does, however, restrict any market sale of shares that are issued upon the settlement of such RSUs, performance shares, or other similar equity instruments, including any a broker-assisted same day sale to generate the cash needed to satisfy any tax withholding requirements. 
 c. Employee Stock Purchase Plan . This policy does not restrict any purchase of shares under Varex s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), resulting from contributions of money to the ESPP pursuant to a participant election made at the time of enrollment in the plan. It does, however apply to the sales of shares purchased pursuant to the ESPP. Additionally, employees should not base their decision to participate in the ESPP or their decision to change their election under the ESPP on material, non-public information. 

3 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 I certify that I have read, understand and agree to comply with the Varex Imaging Corporation Insider Trading Policy. I agree that I will be subject to sanctions imposed by the Company, in its discretion, for violation of the Policy, and that the Company may give stop-transfer and other instructions to the Company s transfer agent against the transfer of Company securities as necessary to ensure compliance with the Policy. I acknowledge that one of the sanctions to which I may be subject as a result of violating the Company s policy is termination of my employment, including termination for cause. 
 Date 
 Signature 
 Printed Name 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211-10xk2024.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Direct Conversion Ltd United Kingdom Irradiation Systems, LLC Nevada, USA MeVis Medical Solutions AG (73.7 Germany MeVis BreastCare GMBH (86.1 Germany MeVis BreastCare GMBH & Co. KG (86.1 Germany Oy Varex Imaging Finland Ltd. Finland Varex Imaging Americas Corporation Illinois, USA Varex Imaging Arabia, LLC (75 Saudi Arabia Varex Imagens Brasil, Ltda. Brazil Varex Imaging Deutschland AG Germany Varex Imaging Deutschland Innovation I GMBH Germany Varex Imaging Deutschland Innovation II GMBH Germany Varex Imaging Equipment (China) Co., Ltd. China Varex Imaging France SARL France Varex Imaging Group Nederland B.V. Netherlands Varex Imaging Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA Varex Imaging India Private Limited India Varex Imaging International AG Switzerland Varex Imaging International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Varex Imaging Investments B.V. Netherlands Varex Imaging Italia Srl Italy Varex Imaging Japan, K.K. Japan Varex Imaging Manufacturing India Private Limited India Varex Imaging Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Varex Imaging Nederland B.V. Netherlands Varex Imaging Philippines, Inc. Philippines Varex Imaging Sweden AB Sweden Varex Imaging Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. China Varex Imaging UK, Limited United Kingdom Varex Imaging West Holdings, Inc. Delaware, USA Varex Imaging West, LLC Delaware, USA Virtual Media Integration, LLC Delaware, USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231-10xk2024.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-277143, 333-215770, 333-236487, and 333-262686 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 19, 2024, relating to the financial statements of Varex Imaging Corporation and the effectiveness of Varex Imaging Corporation s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 November 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311-10xk2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Sunny S. Sanyal, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Varex Imaging Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 19, 2024 By s Sunny S. Sanyal Sunny S. Sanyal President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312-10xk2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Shubham Maheshwari certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Varex Imaging Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 19, 2024 By s Shubham Maheshwari Shubham Maheshwari Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit321-10xk2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Varex Imaging Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2024 (the Report ), I, Sunny S. Sanyal, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated November 19, 2024 By s Sunny S. Sanyal Sunny S. Sanyal President, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit322-10xk2024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Varex Imaging Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2024 (the Report ), I, Shubham Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated November 19, 2024 By s Shubham Maheshwari Shubham Maheshwari Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 11
 exhibit971-10xk2024.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 97.1 
 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 (Adopted and approved on November 17, 2023 and effective as of November 18, 2023) 
 
 1. Purpose 
 
 Varex Imaging Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries, the Company has adopted this Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy ), which is designed to comply and will be interpreted in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and explains when the Company will be required to seek recovery of Incentive Compensation awarded or paid to a Covered Person. Please refer to Exhibit A attached hereto (the Definitions Exhibit for the definitions of capitalized terms used throughout this Policy. 
 
 2. Miscalculation of Financial Performance Measure Results 
 
 In the event of a Restatement, the Company will seek to recover, reasonably promptly, all Recoverable Incentive Compensation from a Covered Person Received during the Applicable Period. Such recovery will be made without regard to any individual knowledge or responsibility related to the Restatement or the Recoverable Incentive Compensation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is required to undertake a Restatement, the Company will not be required to recover the Recoverable Incentive Compensation if the Compensation Committee determines it Impracticable to do so, after exercising a normal due process review of all the relevant facts and circumstances. 
 
 The Company will seek to recover all Recoverable Incentive Compensation that was awarded or paid in accordance with the definition of Recoverable Incentive Compensation set forth on the Definitions Exhibit. If such Recoverable Incentive Compensation was not awarded or paid on a formulaic basis, the Company will seek to recover the amount that the Compensation Committee determines in good faith should be recouped. 
 
 3. Other Actions 
 
 The Compensation Committee may, subject to applicable law, seek recovery in the manner it chooses, including by seeking reimbursement from the Covered Person of all or part of the compensation awarded or paid, by electing to withhold unpaid compensation, by set-off, or by rescinding or canceling unvested stock. 
 
 In the reasonable exercise of its business judgment under this Policy, the Compensation Committee may in its sole discretion determine whether and to what extent additional action is appropriate to address the circumstances surrounding a Restatement to minimize the likelihood of any recurrence and to impose such other discipline as it deems appropriate. 
 
 4. No Indemnification or Reimbursement 
 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any other policy, program, agreement or arrangement, in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates indemnify or reimburse a Covered Person for any loss under this Policy and in no event will the Company or any of its affiliates pay premiums on any insurance policy that would 
 1 

cover a Covered Person s potential obligations with respect to Recoverable Incentive Compensation under this Policy. 

5. Administration of Policy 
 
 The Compensation Committee will have full authority to administer this Policy. Actions of the Compensation Committee pursuant to this Policy will be taken by the vote of a majority of its members. The Compensation Committee will, subject to the provisions of this Policy and Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company s applicable exchange listing standards, make such determinations and interpretations and take such actions in connection with this Policy as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made by the Compensation Committee will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 6. Other Claims and Rights 
 
 The remedies under this Policy are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any legal and equitable claims the Company or any of its affiliates may have or any actions that may be imposed by law enforcement agencies, regulators, administrative bodies, or other authorities. Further, the exercise by the Compensation Committee of any rights pursuant to this Policy will not impact any other rights that the Company or any of its affiliates may have with respect to any Covered Person subject to this Policy. 
 
 7. Acknowledgement by Covered Persons Condition to Eligibility for Incentive Compensation 
 
 The Company will provide notice and seek acknowledgement of this Policy from each Covered Person, provided that the failure to provide such notice or obtain such acknowledgement will have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. Following the effectiveness of this Policy, the Company must be in receipt of a Covered Person's acknowledgement as a condition to such Covered Person s eligibility to receive Incentive Compensation. 
 
 8. Amendment Termination 
 
 The Board or the Compensation Committee may amend or terminate this Policy at any time. 
 
 9. Effectiveness 
 
 Except as otherwise determined in writing by the Compensation Committee, this Policy will apply to any Incentive Compensation that is Received by a Covered Person on or after the initial effective date of the listing standards for recovery of erroneously awarded compensation adopted by the Company s applicable listing exchange. This Policy will survive and continue notwithstanding any termination of a Covered Person s employment with the Company and its affiliates. 
 
 10. Successors 
 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Persons and their successors, beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 
 
 11. Governing Law 
 
 To the extent not preempted by U.S. federal law, this Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 2 

Exhibit A 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 DEFINITIONS EXHIBIT 
 Applicable Period means the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes (or reasonably should have concluded) that a Restatement is required or (ii) the date a regulator, court or other legally authorized entity directs the Company to undertake a Restatement. The Applicable Period also includes any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years identified in the preceding sentence. 
 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Compensation Committee means the Company s committee of independent directors responsible for executive compensation decisions, or in the absence of such a committee, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board. 
 
 Covered Person means any person who is, or was at any time, during the Applicable Period, an Executive Officer of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, a Covered Person may include a former Executive Officer that left the Company, retired, or transitioned to an employee role (including after serving as an Executive Officer in an interim capacity) during the Applicable Period. 
 
 Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person (including an officer of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries) who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. 
 
 Financial Performance Measure means a measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements (including non-GAAP financial measures, such as those appearing in the Company s earnings releases or Management Discussion and Analysis), and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure. Stock price and total shareholder return (and any measures derived wholly or in part therefrom) shall be considered Financial Performance Measures. 
 
 Impracticable. The Compensation Committee may determine in good faith that recovery of Recoverable Incentive Compensation is Impracticable if (i) pursuing such recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 and the Company provides an opinion of counsel to that effect acceptable to the Company s listing exchange (ii) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the Recoverable Incentive Compensation and the Company has (A) made a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts and (B) provided documentation of such attempts to recover to the Company s applicable listing exchange or (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 3 

Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Performance Measure. Incentive Compensation does not include any base salaries (except with respect to any salary increases earned wholly or in part based on the attainment of a Financial Performance Measure performance goal) bonuses paid solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee or Board that are not paid from a bonus pool that is determined by satisfying a Financial Performance Measure performance goal bonuses paid solely upon satisfying one or more subjective standards and or completion of a specified employment period non-equity incentive plan awards earned solely upon satisfying one or more strategic measures or operational measures and equity awards that vest solely based on the passage of time and or attaining one or more non-Financial Performance Measures. 
 
 Received. Incentive Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Performance Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 Recoverable Incentive Compensation means the amount of any Incentive Compensation (calculated on a pre-tax basis) Received by a Covered Person during the Applicable Period that is in excess of the amount that otherwise would have been Received if the calculation were based on the Restatement. For the avoidance of doubt Recoverable Incentive Compensation does not include any Incentive Compensation Received by a person (i) before such person began service in a position or capacity meeting the definition of a Covered Person, (ii) who did not serve as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Compensation, or (iii) during any period the Company did not have a class of its securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. For the avoidance of doubt Recoverable Incentive Compensation may include Incentive Compensation Received by a person while serving as an employee if such person previously served as an Executive Officer and then transitioned to an employee role. For Incentive Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return where the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the applicable Restatement, the amount will be determined by the Compensation Committee based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Compensation was Received (in which case, the Company will maintain documentation of such determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Company s applicable listing exchange). 
 
 Restatement means an accounting restatement of any of the Company s financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. securities laws, regardless of whether the Company or Covered Person misconduct was the cause for such restatement. Restatement includes any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements). 
 4 

Exhibit B 
 VAREX IMAGING CORPORATION 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 
 By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees to be subject to the terms of the Varex Imaging Corporation Compensation Recovery Policy. 
 
 Date 
 Signature 
 
 Printed Name 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 vrex-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 vrex-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 vrex-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 vrex-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 vrex-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

