<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-K_edgar_data_1381871_0001213900-24-086614.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6496470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120927</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1392068</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1359226</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1711283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1800322</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-086614.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009160549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-086614
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			bowmo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001381871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				264144571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54624
		FILM NUMBER:		241362846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		#208
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-893-1112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		#208
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cruzani, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US Highland, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100224

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Harcom Productions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-086614.txt : 20241009

10-K
 1
 ea0214383-10k_bowmo.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , New York, 10005 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act: None. 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-b2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2023, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value
of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on a per share price of 0.0001,
the closing price of the registrant s common stock on that date. 

As of October 9, 2024, the registrant
had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS CYBERSECURITY 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 2 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 3 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 3 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 3 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 7 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 8 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 8 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 9 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 9 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 10 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 12 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 15 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 
 17 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements present our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these
statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
and include statements regarding, among other things, our projected revenue growth and profitability, our growth strategies and opportunity,
anticipated trends in our market and our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, 
 will, should, anticipate, estimate, plans, potential, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we
believe, we intend or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable 

terminology. 

From time to time, forward-looking statements
also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases, in our presentations, on our website and
in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports
or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements
represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed
or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral
forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

In this Annual Report, unless otherwise indicated
or the context otherwise requires, bowmo, the Company , we , us or our refer
to bowmo, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Background 

Cruzani, Inc., a Wyoming corporation that was
incorporated on February 5, 1999 Cruzani ), was previously a franchise development company that built and represented popular
franchise concepts, and other related businesses, throughout the United States as well as in international markets. 

On April 29, 2022, Cruzani entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with bowmo Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Cruzani Merger Sub ), bowmo, Inc., a Delaware corporation that was incorporated on May 22, 2015 Target ),
and Michael E. Lakshin on behalf of Target s stockholders. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on May 4, 2022, Merger Sub was merged
with and into Target with Target surviving the merger as the wholly owned subsidiary of Cruzani (the Merger ). As consideration
for the Merger, Cruzani received all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Target, and the legacy stockholders of Target
received shares of Series G preferred stock of Cruzani having voting rights equivalent to 78 of the total voting rights of all holders
of capital stock of Cruzani. 

On June 16, 2022, Cruzani filed articles of amendment
with the Secretary of State of the State of Wyoming to change its name to bowmo, Inc. 

Recent Event 

On March 22, 2024, we entered into a Plan and
Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement with OWNverse, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company OWNverse ),
pursuant to which OWNverse would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, our company would
deliver an aggregate of 2,000 shares of to-be-designated Series I Preferred Stock of the Company, an aggregate of 2,000,000 in principal
amount promissory notes that are to be due and payable two years from their issuance dates and promissory notes with an aggregate of up
to 270,000 that are to be due and payable six months from their issuance dates. The consummation of the Merger Agreement has not been
completed, due to our company s lack of capital. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital to do so.
However, the owners of OWNverse remain, as of the date of this Annual Report, committed to completing the Merger. 

Overview 

Prior to the Merger, Cruzani was reassessing its
business model and strategic goals. Upon completion of the Merger, however, we have decided to pursue our Vertically Integrated Business
Model VIBM which is capable of providing services and added value to all segments of the human resources technology HR-Tech market globally. Our goal is to constantly improve our HR-Tech platform to address present and future market needs by offering a unique
combination of proprietary artificial intelligence AI based technology with a do-it-yourself sourcing experience able
to match candidates to jobs without having to use keyword searches or Boolean strings. 

Our AI-driven platform will automate the end-to-end
hiring processes with its AI-based matching engine while providing just-in-time content, resources, and tools, such as video interviewing
and cultural and technical assessments so that hiring organizations can vet their candidates. We refer to this as Software as a Service SaaS ). 

We expect to complete our VIBM by our Recruiting
as a Service RaaS which allows clients to outsource the management of the recruiting process RPO ). Our
RaaS offering will complement our improved HR-Tech platform by offering our clients with a choice of high-touch and high-tech services
strategically geared to market needs and objectives. 

In addition, since our acquisition of Interview
Mastery from Michael R. Neece, our current Chief Product Officer, our VIBM offers unique added value via e-learning programs
by Interview Mastery and Selecting Excellence , designed by Michael R. Neece, one of the pioneers in the
human resources e-learning field. Both programs have been continually improving in order to solve the challenges of today s job-market
realities for more than 20 years. 

Our clients receive assistance across all recruiting
functions, such as job-description development, branded career-page management, pre-employment and cultural assessments, and a video interview
platform all managed by a team of experienced recruiters. 

With our HR-Tech platform as a foundation for
our VIBM performing matching and sourcing at the core we are reshaping how businesses find talent and provide a quality on-demand
experience. 

1 

Facilities 

The Company currently has no ownership or leases
of property. The Company s business mailing address is 99 Wall Street, Suite 891, New York, New York 10005. 

Employees 

The Company does not have any employees other
than our executive officers. There are no collective-bargaining agreements with our employees, and we have not experienced work interruptions
or strikes. We believe our relationship with our employees is good. Each of our executive officers has entered into an employment contract
with our company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable to a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 

We use, store and process
data for and about our customers, employees, partners and suppliers. We have not yet implemented a formal cybersecurity risk management
program designed to identify, assess and mitigate risks from cybersecurity threats to this data, our systems and business operations.
We intend to implement a cybersecurity risk management program before the end of 2024. 

Cyber Risk Management
and Strategy 

Under the oversight of
the Board of Directors (since we do not currently have an Audit Committee), we intend to implement and maintain a risk management program
that includes processes for the systematic identification, assessment, management, and treatment of cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity
oversight and operational processes would be integrated into our overall risk management processes. We intend to implement a risk-based
approach to the management of cyber threats, supported by cybersecurity technologies, including automated tools, designed to monitor,
identify and address cybersecurity risks. In support of this approach, it is expected that we would have a third-party security consultant
implement processes to assess, identify and manage security risks to our company, including in the pillar areas of security and compliance,
application security, infrastructure security and data privacy. This process, once implemented, would include regular compliance and critical
system access reviews. In addition, we intend to conduct application security assessments, vulnerability management, penetration testing,
security audits and ongoing risk assessments as part of our risk management process. 

We expect to utilize
third parties and consultants to assist in the identification and assessment of risks, including to support tabletop exercises and to
conduct security testing. We intend to utilize well-known cloud-based technologies and service providers, such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft
Office, and Google enterprise to provide protection against cybersecurity threats. 

Further, we intend to
put processes in place that would evaluate potential risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers
that would have access to our data, including a review process for such providers cybersecurity practices, risk assessments, contractual
requirement and system monitoring. 

Part of our intended
program would be ongoing evaluation and enhancement of our systems, controls and processes where possible, including in response to actual
or perceived threats specific to us or experienced by other companies. 

Risks from cybersecurity
threats have, to date, not materially affected us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. 

2 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company currently has no ownership or leases
of property. The Company s business mailing address is 99 Wall Street, Suite 891, New York City, New York. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

As of the date of this filing, there are no material
pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company or properties to which we are a party, and, to our knowledge, there
are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates are a party adverse to us or which have a
material interest adverse to us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Market for
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The Company s common
stock is not traded on any national securities exchange but is quoted on the alternative trading system operated by OTC Markets Group,
Inc. (the OTC Link ATS) under the BOMO trading symbol at the OTC Pink level. The following table summarizes the high and
low historical trading prices of the Company s common stock for the periods indicated as reported by OTCMarkets.com (as historic
high and low bid prices are not reported by OTCMarkets.com). 

Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2023 

High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.20 
 0.098 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.098 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.15 
 0.001 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.15 
 0.014 

Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.40 
 0.20 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.20 
 0.10 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.05 
 0.45 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.60 
 0.10 

Registered Holders 

As of the date of this Annual Report, there were
approximately 116 record holders of our common stock and 136,458,010 shares are issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

Holders of the Company s common stock are
entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. No dividends on the Company s common stock have
ever been paid, and the Company does not anticipate that dividends will be paid on its common stock in the foreseeable future. 

3 

Securities Authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans. 

No securities are authorized for issuance by the
Company under equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we issued
no securities that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously disclosed. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The statements contained
in the following MD A and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any documents incorporated by reference,
that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed
by or that include the words may, could, would, should, believe, 
 expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, target, project, 
 intend and similar words or expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking
statements, which reflect our management s beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are based on the best judgement
of our management. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global
economic downturns resulting from extraordinary events and other securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit
risk with clients and counterparties; risk of liability for errors in clearing functions; systemic risk; systems failures, delays and
capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting
our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships
with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration
plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent filings
on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. 

We caution that the foregoing
list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. 

Certain information
contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this report may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is subject to the safe harbor created by that act. The safe harbor created by
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act will not apply to certain forward looking statements because we issued penny
stock (as defined in Section 3(a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 3(a)(51-1) under the Exchange Act) during
the three year period preceding the date(s) on which those forward looking statements were first made, except to the extent otherwise
specifically provided by rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers that certain important
factors may affect our actual results and could cause such results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements which may
be deemed to have been made in this Report or which are otherwise made by or on our behalf. For this purpose, any statements contained
in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, believe, explore, 
 consider, anticipate, intend, could, estimate, plan, 
or propose or the negative variations of those words or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Fact ors that may affect our results include, but are not limited
to, the risks and uncertainties associated with: 

Our
 ability to raise capital necessary to sustain our anticipated operations and implement our business plan, 

Our
 ability to implement our business plan, 

Our
 ability to generate sufficient cash to survive, 

The
 degree and nature of our competition, 

The
 lack of diversification of our business plan, 

The
 general volatility of the capital markets and the establishment of a market for our shares, and 

Disruption in the economic and financial conditions primarily from the impact of past terrorist attacks in the United States, threats of future attacks, police and military activities overseas and other disruptive worldwide political and economic events and environmental weather conditions. 

4 

We are also subject to
other risks detailed from time to time in our other filings with SEC and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Any one or more of these uncertainties,
risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us ultimately
prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Recent Event 

On March 22, 2024, we entered into a Plan and
Agreement of Merger (the Merger Agreement with OWNverse, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company OWNverse ),
pursuant to which OWNverse would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, our company would
deliver an aggregate of 2,000 shares of to-be-designated Series I Preferred Stock of the Company, an aggregate of 2,000,000 in principal
amount promissory notes that are to be due and payable two years from their issuance dates and promissory notes with an aggregate of up
to 270,000 that are to be due and payable six months from their issuance dates. The consummation of the Merger Agreement has not been
completed, due to our company s lack of capital. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital to do so.
However, the owners of OWNverse remain, as of the date of this Annual Report, committed to completing the Merger. 

2022 Acquisition Interview Mastery 

Effective December 16, 2022, pursuant to an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the APA with Interview Mastery Interview Mastery ), by and through Michael R. Neece Neece and Caseridus, Inc. Under the terms of the APA, the Company is to pay the purchase price through the issuance of 22,000,000 shares of
the Company s common stock in two tranches: (i) 11,000,000 shares of Company common stock to the stockholders of Interview Mastery
that vest immediately for all of the business assets of Interview Mastery, valued at 200,000 based on the acquisition date
share price; and (ii) 11,000,000 shares of Company common stock issued in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which
shall vest over a four (4) year period during which 25 of the shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s employment,
followed by vesting in increments of 6.25 of the shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount is vested and all
of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. As of the date of this Annual Report, none of the
shares issuable in connection with the APA has been issued, and as such, has been recorded as a liability in accrued expenses on the consolidated
balance sheets. In connection with the APA, the Company is to create a new board seat and offer such seat to Neece who will be formally
invited to join the Company s Board of Directors. As of the date of this Annual Report, none of these actions has been taken by
the Company. 

This acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10 and 805-20. This business combination was accounted
for as a related party acquisition, as Neece is the chief product officer of the Company Accordingly, the total purchase consideration
was allocated to net acquired based on their respective historical costs. The assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any, in a business
purchase combination be recognized at their historical costs as of the acquisition date. 

The final allocation of the purchase price in
connection with the Interview Mastery acquisition was calculated as follows: 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 Weighted 
 Average Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Cash 
 1,633 

Prepaid expenses 
 997 

Loss on acquisition related party 
 197,370 

No acquisition costs were incurred. The approximate
revenue and net loss for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021, was 14,692
and 21,862, respectively, and, from January 1, 2022, to December 16, 2022, 13,059 and 15,279, respectively. 

5 

Results of Operations 

Revenues . Revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2023, were 243,434, compared to revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 185,923, which increase is
due primarily to organic growth from consistent implementation of business strategies. A lack of operating capital restrained potential
growth in revenues. 

Cost of Revenues . Cost of revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2023, was 200,039, compared to cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 75,873. The
increase of costs of revenues as a percentage of revenues is attributable primarily to increased costs associated with direct placement
revenue that did not generate associated revenues. 

Compensation Expense . Compensation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2023, was 517,618, compared to compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, of
 432,452, and consists entirely of compensation paid to officers, which was accrued. 

Consulting Fees . Consulting fees
for the year ended December 31, 2023, were 90,000, compared to consulting fees for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 181,667. This
decrease is attributable to the Company s lack of operating capital. 

General and administrative expenses .
General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, were 131,590, compared to general and administrative expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 363,522, which reduction is primarily attributable to our experiencing a one-time loss of 197,000
as a result of the related-party loss on the acquisition of Interview Mastery. 

Professional fees . Professional
fees for the year ended December 31, 2023, were 250,770, compared to professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 780,251.
The decrease in professional fees is attributable to our reduced activity associated with our lack of operating capital. 

Other Income (Expense) . Total other
expense for the year ended December 31, 2023, was 2,802,369, compared to other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 2,932,596.
In future periods, it is expected that other expense will increase, due to our being in default under substantially all of our outstanding
debt instruments. 

Net Loss . Our net loss for the year
ended December 31, 2023, was 3,748,952, compared to a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 4,580,438. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, we used
 4,530,575 of cash in operating activities, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, when we used 617,532 of cash in operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, investing
activities did not use or provide cash, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, when investing activities provided 2,150 in cash,
which was attributable to the cash acquired in the reverse merger and acquisition. 

For the year ended December 31, 2023, financing
activities did not use or provide cash, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, when financing activities provided 782,100 in cash
derived from third-party debt financing. 

The Company currently owes 477,702 on non-convertible
loans payable, all of which are in default, and 440,109 for outstanding convertible notes, net of discounts, all of which are in default. 

6 

In addition, entities negatively impacted by the
COVID-19 pandemic were eligible to apply for loans sponsored by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA) Economic Injury
Disaster Loan EIDL Loan program. On July 15, 2020, the Company received cash proceeds of 40,400 under this program. In
addition, in July 2020, the Company received 6,000 from the SBA as a COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan Advance (the EIDL
Advance ). The proceeds can be used to fund payroll, healthcare benefits, rent and other qualifying expenses, and the loan is not
subject to a loan forgiveness provision. The standard EIDL Loan repayment terms include interest accruing at 3.75 per annum effective
July 15, 2020; the payment schedule contains a one-year deferral period on initial principal and interest payments; the loan term is thirty
years; and there is no prepayment penalty or fees. The Company pledged all assets of the Company as collateral for the loan. As of December
31, 2021, the amounts outstanding totaled 40,400, and was classified as part of notes payable on the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally,
the Company entered into a security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note is collateralized by all tangible and intangible
assets of the Company. In addition, the Company s CEO, Edward Aizman, provided his personal guaranty of the EIDL Loan and pledged
certain of his personal assets in conjunction with his guaranty. On January 6, 2021, the SBA announced a one-year extension of the deferral
period for loans that commenced in 2020 delaying payments of principal and interest to July 2022. Pursuant to an SBA Procedural Notice
in December 2020, the EIDL Advance was forgiven. The Company has recognized the entire EIDL Advance amount of 6,000 as grant income,
which is included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In February 2022, the Company agreed to the first and second modifications
of the EIDL Loan. The EIDL was modified to include additional borrowings of 269,200, which were received in full in February 2022. Periodic
monthly payments have increased to 1,556 in the first modification and reduced to 1,506 in the second modification. Additionally, the
Company entered into an amended security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note, and the modifications, is collateralized
by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. The balance of the EIDL loan balance at December 31, 2023 is 309,500, respectively.
The Company is in default under the EIDL Loan and the EIDL Loan has been referred by the SBA to the U.S. Treasury Offset Program. The
Company is currently in the process of addressing the charged-off status of the EIDL Loan with the SBA and simultaneously submitting an
application to the SBA s Hardship Accommodation Program (HAP), whereby the Company hopes to receive some relief while arranging
for, and keeping current, reduced payments thereon. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to secure any such relief. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going-concern
basis. The going concern basis assumes that assets are realized, and liabilities are extinguished in the ordinary course of business at
amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. The Company has incurred recurring losses from operations. At December
31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 12,992,877, and a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023, of 3,748,952. Of
the net loss, 946,583 was due to operations and the remainder was due primarily to interest expense and the derivative liabilities. The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to obtain adequate funding to support its operations through
continuing investments of debt and/or equity by qualified investors/creditors, internally generated working capital and monetization of
intellectual property assets. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as
a going concern. Management is currently pursuing a business strategy which includes raising the necessary funds to finance the Company s
development and marketing efforts. 

There can be no assurance that sufficient funds
required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or available from external sources such as debt or equity
financings, or other potential sources. The inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources
will force the Company to substantially curtail and cease operations, therefore, having a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that any funds, if available, will possess attractive terms or not have a significant dilutive effect on the
Company s existing stockholders. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

7 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental
Data 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

bowmo, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Bowmo Inc and Subsidiaries. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Bowmo Inc and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity / (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31,
2023, and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023,
and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2, the Company suffered an accumulated
deficit of (12,992,877), net loss of (3,748,952) and a negative working capital of (4,445,342). These matters raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regards to these matters are also described
in Note 2 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. Communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
taken as a whole and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

/s/ OLAYINKA OYEBOLA CO. (Chartered Accountants) 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2024. 

September 26, 2024 

PCAOB No: 

F- 2 

Bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Audited 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Accrued officer compensation 

Loans payable, current portion 

Loans payable, related party 

Convertible Notes, net of debt discount 

Put premium on stock settled debt 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loans payable, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Series A Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Series B Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Series C Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Series D Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Series E Preferred stock to be issued 

Series F Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 -
 
 -

Series G Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Series AA Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 -

Series Super Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 -
 
 -

Common stock shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Common stock to be issued, and shares as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost shares and shares as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Audited 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Compensation expense 

Consulting fees 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest expense 

Gain on new methodology for accounting for debt conversion features 

Initial recognition of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Total other income (expenses) 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 
 
	 - 

- 

Weighted average common shares basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Audited 

Preferred 
 Stock AA 
 Super 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 Preferred
 
 Stock A 
 Preferred 
 Stock B 
 Preferred 
 Stock C 
 Preferred 
 Stock D 
 Preferred 
 Stock E 
 Preferred
 
 Stock G 
 Preferred 
 Stock H 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 to be issued 

Total
 
 Equity 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Shares 
 Amount
 ) 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 /(Deficit) 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

Recapitalization
 at reverse merger - May 4, 2022 

Stock
 based compensation 

Distribution
 to shareholders 

Relative
 fair value of warrants issued with convertible debt 

Shares
 issued for extinguishment of convertible debt 

-
 Net Loss 2022 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

Effects
 of reverse-split 

Effects
 of forward split 

Stock
 issuance 

-
 Net Loss 2023 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements . 

F- 5 

Bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Audited 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Interest expense incurred on put premium on stock settled debt 
 -

Loss on acquisition related party 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 

Stock-based compensation and shares issued for services 
 -

Gain on new methodology for accounting for debt conversion features 
 -

Forgiveness of note payable - PPP Note 
 -
 
 -

Grant income 
 -
 
 -

Expenses incurred on extinguishment of convertible debt and accrued interest 

Initial derivative expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of amounts acquired): 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 
 -

Accrued Interest 
 -

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 
 -

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash acquired in reverse merger 
 -

Cash acquired in acquisition 
 -

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from loans payable 
 -

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from equity issuances 
 
 -

Repayment of loans 
 
 -

Distributions to shareholders 
 -

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash And Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash And Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash and Non-cash Transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued for extinguishment of debt and accrued interest 

Tangible assets acquired in Merger 
 -

Equity acquired in Merger, net of cancellation of shares 
 -

Debt discount associated with issuance of warrants and derivative liabilities 
 -

Put premium on stock settled debt extinguishment 

Issuance of Series G Preferred Stock 
 -

Accrual for shares to be issued for acquisition of Interview Mastery 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

of the total voting equity securities to Bowmo s stockholders. Upon completion
of the acquisition, Bowmo is treated as the surviving entity and accounting acquirer although Cruzani was the legal acquirer. Accordingly,
the historical financial statements are those of Bowmo. 

Accounting for Reverse Merger 

The fair value of Cruzani assets acquired and
liabilities assumed was based upon management s estimates. 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued officer compensation 

Convertible Notes 

Put premium on stock settled debt 

Loans payable 

Net Tangible Assets Acquired 

Equity Acquired: 

Series A Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding 

Series B Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding 

Series C Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding 

Series D Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding 

Series E Preferred stock to be issued 

Series F Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding 
 -

Common stock shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Treasury stock, at cost shares 

Additional paid in capital 

Consideration: 

Series G Preferred Stock holding the voting rights to of the total voting equity securities to Bowmo s stockholders 

F- 7 

, of which approximately was due to operations and the remainder was due primarily to interest
expense and derivative liabilities. At the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has a working capital deficit of and an
accumulated deficit of . 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern depends upon its ability to obtain adequate funding to support its operations through continuing investments of debt and/or equity
by qualified investors/creditors, internally generated working capital and monetization of intellectual property assets. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management is currently pursuing
a business strategy which includes raising the necessary funds to finance the Company s development and marketing efforts. 

F- 8 

and , respectively.
There are no amounts that are uninsured by the FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation). 

F- 9 

F- 10 

- 
day guarantee that the candidate will not resign or be terminated in that time period. The Company uses historical evidence as well as
additional factors to determine and estimate the amount of consideration received that the Company does not expect to be entitled to.
For any amounts received for which the Company does not expect to be entitled, it would not recognize revenue when the candidate is hired
but would recognize those amounts received as a refund liability. The Company included in the transaction price the estimated amount of
variable consideration per the expected value method. A refund liability would be credited for the difference between cash consideration
received and variable consideration recognized. The refund liability would be updated at the end of each reporting period for any changes
in circumstances. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 there was no refund liability on the consolidated balance sheets
as historically no direct placement revenue has been refunded to the Company. 

Recruiting as a Service 

Total revenues 

is a result the difference between
 and the other unidentified revenue accounts in QB) 

F- 11 

on the consolidated statements of operations. 

(pre-reverse split) shares
of the Company s common stock to the stockholders of Interview Mastery, valued at the stock price of on the acquisition
date, that vest immediately for all of the business assets of Interview Mastery. An additional (pre-reverse split) shares
of Company common stock will be issued as compensation in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which shall vest
over a four ) year period during which (pre-reverse split) shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s
employment, followed by vesting in increments of shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount is vested
and all of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. These shares were valued using the share
price of at the date of acquisition, and they will be expensed as stock-based compensation based on the vesting terms contingent
upon continual employment of Neece. In connection with the APA, the Company created a new board seat and offered this seat to Neece who
was formally invited to join the Company s Board of Directors. 

The acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10 and 805-20. This business combination was accounted
for as a related party acquisition, as Neece is the chief product officer of the Company. 

F- 12 

Prepaid expenses 

Loss on acquisition related party 

Total acquisition costs incurred were 
recorded as a component of General and administrative expenses. As a result of the business combination, the Company recognized a related
party loss of which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pro Forma Information 

The results of operations of Interview Mastery
will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of acquisition through the current period end.

Net Loss 

Earnings (Loss) per common share, basic and diluted 
 - 

Loan 2 

Loan 3 

Loan 4 

Loan 5 
 
 -

Total 

December 31, 2025 

December 31, 2026 

December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

F- 13 

and , respectively. On August 12, 2013, the Company entered into an unsecured,
non-guaranteed, demand loan agreement with the director for . The loan bears interest at per annum compounded monthly. 

Loan 2) On February 27, 2014, and March 19, 2015,
Cruzani received advances from a director of , and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company repaid
 . The advances are unsecured, due on demand and bears interest at per annum compounded and calculated monthly. 

Loan 3) On September 18, 2014, May 29, 2015, July
3, 2015, December 2, 2015, and January 4, 2016, Cruzani entered into unsecured, non-guaranteed, loan agreements pursuant to which the
Company received proceeds of , , , , and , respectively. The loans bear interest at per annum
compounded annually and are due 1 year after the date of issuance. 

Loan 4) On December 4, 2014, January 29, 2015,
August 12, 2015, August 21, 2015, September 1, 2015, September 15, 2015, November 13, 2015, and December 23, 2015, Cruzani issued unsecured
notes payable of , , , , , , and , respectively, to a significant shareholder.
The notes bear interest at an annual rate of per annum, are uncollateralized, and due 1 year after the date of issuance. 

Loan 5) Entities negatively impacted by the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic were eligible to apply for loans sponsored by the United States Small Business Administration SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL Loan program. On July 15, 2020, the Company received cash proceeds of 40,400 under
this program. In addition, in July 2020, the Company received from the SBA as a COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan Advance
(the EIDL Advance ). The proceeds can be used to fund payroll, healthcare benefits, rent and other qualifying expenses, and
the loan is not subject to a loan forgiveness provision. The standard EIDL Loan repayment terms include interest accruing at per
annum effective July 15, 2020; the payment schedule contains a one-year deferral period on initial principal and interest payments; the
loan term is ; and there is no prepayment penalty or fees. The Company pledged all assets of the Company as collateral for
the loan. As of December 31, 2021, the amounts outstanding totaled , and was classified as part of notes payable on the consolidated
balance sheet. Additionally, the Company entered into a security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note is collateralized
by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. In addition, the Company s CEO, Edward Aizman, provided his personal guaranty
of the EIDL Loan and pledged certain of his personal assets in conjunction with his guaranty. On January 6, 2021, the SBA announced a
one-year extension of the deferral period for loans that commenced in 2020 delaying payments of principal and interest to July 2022. Pursuant
to an SBA Procedural Notice in December 2020, the EIDL Advance was forgiven. The Company has recognized the entire EIDL Advance amount
of as grant income, which is included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

In February 2022, the Company agreed to the first
and second modifications of the EIDL Loan. The EIDL was modified to include additional borrowings of , which were received in
full in February 2022. Periodic monthly payments have increased to in the first modification, and reduced to in the second
modification. Additionally, the Company entered into an amended security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note, and the
modifications, is collateralized by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. The balance of the EIDL loan balance at December
31, 2023 and 2022 is and , respectively. The Company is in default under the EIDL Loan and the EIDL Loan has been referred
by the SBA to the U.S. Treasury Offset Program. The Company is currently in the process of addressing the charged-off status of the EIDL Loan with the SBA and
simultaneously submitting an application to the SBA s Hardship Accommodation Program HAP ), whereby the Company hopes
to receive some relief while arranging for, and keeping current, reduced payments thereon. 

Kings Wharf 

-

Diagonal Lending 
 
 -
 
 -

Trillium 
 -

Matterhorn 
 
 -

Travel Data Solutions 

-

Third Party 

Total 

Less: Debt discount 

Total Convertible notes payable 

F- 14 

per annum and totaling . These
convertible notes are convertible between and of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty-day
period. These convertible notes were accounted for as stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain portions of the note into shares of the Company s common stock. Due to these
conversions, the remaining principal balances at December 31, 31, 2023 and 2022, was and . 

Between November 1, 2021 and May 1, 2022, Cruzani
entered into several convertible notes with Frondeur Partners, LLC bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes
were convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty-day period. These convertible
notes were accounted for as stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting
in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. As of December 31, 2022, these convertible notes were converted into
shares of the Company s common stock. 

Kings Wharf 

On October 19, 2022, the Company entered into
a convertible note with King Wharf Opportunities Fund bearing interest at totaling . The note included an original issue discount
of . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price
for a thirty day period. The embedded conversion option of the convertible note contains conversion features that qualify for embedded
derivative classification as a result of variable conversion price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. See Note 8. This convertible
note is fully guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Aizman, and President, Michael Lakshin. Additionally, on
October 19, 2022, both Mr. Aizman and Mr. Lakshin entered into pledge agreements in which they each have agreed to secure the Company s
payment obligations to the lender with a guaranty and a pledge of shares of Series G preferred stock of the Company, for a total
of shares of Series G Preferred Stock. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain
portions of the note into shares of the Company s common stock. Due to these conversions, the remaining principal balances at December
31, 2023 and 2022, was and . 

Diagonal Lending 

November 10, 2023, the Company entered into a
convertible note with Diagonal Lending bearing interest at totaling . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of
 or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price for a thirty-day period. The embedded conversion option
of the convertible note contains conversion features that quality for embedded derivative classification as a result of variable conversion
price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. The outstanding remaining principal balances at December 31, 2023, was . 

December 12, 2023, the Company entered into a
convertible note with Diagonal Lending bearing interest at totaling . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of
 or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price for a thirty-day period. The embedded conversion option
of the convertible note contains conversion features that quality for embedded derivative classification as a result of variable conversion
price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. The outstanding remaining principal balances at December 31, 2023, was . 

Trillium 

Between May 25, 2021 and July 6, 2021, Cruzani
entered into two convertible notes with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes
were convertible at a fixed price of . During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain portions
of the note into shares of the Company s common stock. Due to these conversions, the remaining principal balances at December 31,
2023 and 2022, was and . 

Between June 1, 2022 and December 6, 2022, the
Company entered into several convertible notes with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest between and per annum and totaling
 . These convertible notes are convertible at a fixed price between and . During the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain portions of the note into shares of the Company s common stock. Due to these
conversions, the remaining principal balances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, was and . 

On October 19, 2022, the Company entered into
a convertible note with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest at totaling . The note included an original issue discount of
 . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price
for a thirty-day period. The embedded conversion option of the convertible note contains conversion features that qualify for embedded
derivative classification as a result of variable conversion price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. See Note 8. This convertible
note is fully guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Aizman, and President, Michael Lakshin. Additionally, on
October 19, 2022, both Mr., Aizman and Mr. Lakshin, entered into pledge agreements in which they each have agreed to secure the Company s
payment obligations to the lender with a guaranty and a pledge of shares of Series G preferred stock of the Company, for a total
of shares of Series G Preferred Stock. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain
portions of the note into shares of the Company s common stock. Due to these conversions, the remaining principal balances at December
31, 2023 and 2022, was and . 

F- 15 

totaling . The note included an original issue discount of
 . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock
price for a thirty-day period. The embedded conversion option of the convertible note contains conversion features that quality for embedded
derivative classification as a result of variable conversion price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. This convertible note
is fully guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Aizman and President, Michael Lakshin. During the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the lender opted to convert certain portions of the note into shares of the Company s common stock.
Due to these conversions, the remaining principal balances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, was and . 

Travel Data Solutions 

On November 18, 2017, Cruzani entered into a convertible
promissory note for with Travel Data Solutions, Inc., pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of . The notes are
convertible at any time after September 13, 2018 at a mutually agree upon conversion price, bearing interest rate at per annum and
due on November 30, 2019. During January and February 2018, the Company received an additional under the same terms as the previously
issued convertible promissory note. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the balance of the note was converted into shares of the
Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance was and , respectively. 

Third Party 

As a result of the reverse merger that occurred
on May 4, 2022, as discussed in Note 1, the Company assumed convertible notes from Cruzani (1-3 below). Convertible debt outstanding during
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, consist of the following: 

1) Between May 20, 2020 and October 1, 2021, Cruzani entered into several convertible notes with Livingston Asset Management bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes were convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty-day period. These convertible notes were accounted for as stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. As of December 31, 2022, these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 

2) On November 17, 2021, Cruzani entered into a convertible note with Oscaleta Partners, LLC bearing interest at per annum and totaling . This convertible note was convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty-day period. This convertible note was accounted for as stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in a put premium on stock settled debt being recognized. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible note was converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 

3) On July 7, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to a third party in exchange
for . The Convertible Note bears interest at , per annum. All unpaid principal and accrued interest under the Convertible Note
will be due and payable in full one year from issuance. After six months from the issuance date, the Holder may elect to convert into
that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the outstanding principal balance and unpaid accrued
interest under this Note by the amount equal to the anticipate public market price of the Company s common stock multiplied by fifty
percent ). This convertible note was accounted for as stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. As of December 31, 2022,
this convertible note is in default and the principal and accrued interest balance remain outstanding. During the year ended December
31, 2023, the Company had additional borrowings of . As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding balance was and
 , respectively 

F- 16 

on the statement
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Change Due to Issuances 

Transfer to put premium 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Change Due to Issuances 

Transfer to put premium 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

The Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation
methodology for its conversion option liabilities as their fair values were determined by using Black-Scholes options pricing model. The
option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of which the most significant are share price, expected volatility and the expected
option term (the time from the issuance date until the maturity date). The Company has historically not paid dividends and has no foreseeable
plans to issue dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield from governmental zero-coupon bonds with an equivalent term.
As, required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Contractual term (in years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Volatility (annual) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 - 
 - 

and were incurred for recruitment services by an entity owned by Michael Neece, Chief Product Officer. 

Per the agreement with Michael Neece, a salary
of and a bonus of was accrued for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2023 and additional
 in salary and a bonus of was accrued. 

F- 17 

which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Through December 31, 2023, the Company owed Eddie
Aizman and Michael Lakshin compensation based on their employment agreements; the agreements provide for annual salaries of and
 , respectively commencing on September 6, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, salaries of and , were
accrued for Eddie Aizman and Michael Lakshin, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2023, salaries of and ,
were accrued for Eddie Aizman and Michael Lakshin, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the total due to Eddie Aizman and Michael Lakshin
is and , respectively. 

The employment agreement of Conrad Huss, a director
of the Company, provides for a salary of per month. For the year ended December 31, 2023, has been credited to accrued
compensation. As of December 31, 2023, the total due to Conrad Huss is . 

In connection with the EIDL Loan, the Company s CEO, Edward Aizman,
provided his personal guaranty of the EIDL Loan and pledged his personal residence in conjunction with his guaranty (the Collateral ).
The Company is in default under the EIDL Loan and the EIDL Loan has been referred by the SBA to the U.S. Treasury Offset Program. The
Company is currently in the process of addressing the charged-off status of the EIDL Loan with the SBA and simultaneously submitting an
application to the SBA s Hardship Accommodation Program HAP ), whereby the Company hopes to receive some relief while
arranging for, and keeping current, reduced payments thereon. In connection therewith, the Company also intends to replace the Collateral
with other property not owned by Mr. Aizman. 

shares
of common stock, par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully
participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast one vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to
vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the
net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued (pre-reverse split) shares of common stock for the extinguishment of convertible debt. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
issued (post-reverse split) shares of common stock for the extinguishment of convertible debt. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively after a reverse split. 

Acquisition of Interview Mastery 

As discussed in Note 4, on December 16, 2022,
the Company acquired Interview Mastery at a purchase price of (pre-reverse split) shares of the Company s common stock,
valued at using the stock price on the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, these shares have not been issued
and are recorded as a liability within accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Michael Neece employment agreement 

On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Michael Neece, Chief Product Officer. Under the agreement, (pre-reverse split) shares of Company
common stock will be issued as compensation in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which shall vest over a four ) year period during which (pre-reverse split) shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s employment,
followed by vesting in increments of (pre-reverse split) shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount
is vested and all of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. These shares were valued using
the share price of at the date of acquisition, and they will be expensed as stock-based compensation based on the vesting terms
contingent upon continual employment of Neece. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, (post-reverse split) shares and shares have
vested, respectively. 

F- 18 

(pre-reverse split) common stock purchase warrants to purchase (pre-reverse split) shares
of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms therein as a commitment fee. In 2023, in connection with further issuance to
the same lenders, additional warrants to purchase (post-reverse split) shares of the Company s common stock were issued
under the same terms as prior agreements. 

These warrants
have an exercise price per share between - the above and expire between and . The aggregate fair value
of the warrants, which was allocated against the debt proceeds totaled based on the Black Scholes Merton pricing model using
the following estimates: exercise price ranging from and , to risk free rate, to 
volatility and expected life of the warrants of to years. The fair value was credited to additional paid in capital
and debited to debt discount to be amortized over the term of the loan. 

Issued -
 Exercised -
 -
 -
 Forfeited -
 -
 -
 Expired -
 -
 -
 Outstanding, December 31, 2023 Exercisable, December 31, 2023 

The Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation
methodology for its conversion option liabilities as their fair values were determined by using the Binomial option pricing model based
on various assumptions. The model incorporates the price of a share of the Company s common stock (as quoted on the Over the Counter
Bulletin Board), volatility, risk free rate, dividend rate and estimated life. Significant changes in any of these inputs in isolation
would result in a significant change in the fair value measurement. As, required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

- years 

, may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock at the conversion
rate of share of common stock for share of Preferred Stock. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are 
and shares of Series AA and Super preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ,
has a par value of , may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock at the conversion rate of shares
of common stock for share of Series A Preferred Stock. Each share is entitled to votes, voting with the common stock as a single
class, has liquidation rights of per share and is not entitled to receive dividends. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are 
and shares of Series A preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

F- 19 

, may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock at the conversion rate of 
shares of common stock for share of Series B Preferred Stock. Each share is entitled to votes, voting with the common stock
as a single class, has liquidation rights of per share and is not entitled to receive dividends. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are 
and shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock ,
has a par value of , may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock at the conversion rate of shares
of common stock for share of Series C Preferred Stock. Each share is entitled to votes, voting with the common stock as a single
class, has liquidation rights of per share and is entitled to receive four hundred times the dividends declared and paid with respect
to each share of Common Stock. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are 
and shares of Series C preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ,
has a par value of , may be converted at a ratio of the Stated Value plus dividends accrued but unpaid divided by the fixed conversion
price of , which conversion price is subject to adjustment. Series D is non-voting, has liquidation rights to be paid in cash,
before any payment to common or junior stock, of the Stated Value per share plus any dividends accrued but unpaid thereon
and is entitled to cumulative dividends. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are 
and shares of Series D preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, has
a par value of , and a stated value of per share, subject to adjustment. The shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock
can convert at a conversion price that is equal to the amount that is of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock
during the 20 trading days immediately preceding such conversion. The shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock are subject to redemption
by the Company at its option from the date of issuance until the date that is 180 days therefrom, subject to premium that ranges from
 to , increasing by during each 30-day period following issuance. Series E carries a cumulative dividend, which will increase
to upon an event of default, is non-voting, and has liquidation rights to be paid in cash, before any payment to common or junior
stock. 

Series F Convertible Preferred Stock ,
has a par value of , may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock at the current conversion rate
of shares of common stock for share of Series F Preferred Stock. Each share is entitled to votes, voting with
the common stock as a single class, has no liquidation rights and is not entitled to receive dividends. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are and shares
of Series F preferred stock issued. 

Series G Convertible Preferred Stock ,
has a par value of , may be converted at the holder s election into shares of common stock for a period ending 18 months following
issuance at the conversion rate that will result, in the aggregate, in the holders of Series G Preferred Stock receiving that number of
shares of Common Stock which equals Seventy Eight Percent of the total issued and outstanding shares of commons stock of the company
on a fully diluted basis. The Series G Preferred Stock shall vote with the common stock as a single class, has liquidation rights of 
per share and is entitled to receive an annal dividend of of the Stated Value (the Divided Rate ), which shall be cumulative,
payable solely upon redemption, liquidation, or conversion. 

There are and shares of Series
G preferred stock issued as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, as consideration
for the reverse merger, the Company issued shares of Series G Convertible Preferred stock. 

On November 18, 2021, pursuant to the Founders
Agreement, Michael Lakshin, President, and Edward Aizman, CEO, were issued shares of Super Preferred Stock at a fair value of .
These preferred shares, along with the Series AA preferred stock, were cancelled on May 4, 2022, upon completion of the Reverse
Merger. See Note 1. 

F- 20 

million. After investigation, the Company determined that the difference related to liquidated damages
that the Company does not believe that it owes. 

Since the Company believes that the loss is not
probable and no litigation has been pursued at this time, there has been no recognition of this liability on the books and records of
the Company. 

Legal 

During the normal course of business, the Company
may be exposed to litigation. When the Company becomes aware of potential litigation, it evaluates the merits of the case in accordance
with FASB ASC 450-20-50, Contingencies. The Company evaluates its exposure to the matter, possible legal or settlement strategies and
the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. If the Company determines that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated,
it establishes the necessary accruals. A contingency arises when there is a situation for which the outcome is uncertain, and which should
be resolved in the future, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles require recognition of only those losses that are probable and
for which a loss amount can be reasonably estimated. 

On February 13, 2017, Baum Glass Jayne PLLC Plaintiff obtained a default judgment against the Company in the amount of . Plaintiff has not attempted enforced
collection. The amount was included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2023. 

and , respectively which may be used to offset future
taxable income. Approximately will begin to expire in 2036 while will not expire but will be limited in annual utilization
of of current year income. 

Stock-based compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

F- 21 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Effective rate 
 -
 
 -

Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limits the ability
to utilize net operating losses if a change in ownership occurs over a three-year period. Such limitation of the net operating losses
may have occurred, but we have not analyzed it at this time as the deferred tax asset is fully reserved. 

On March 27, 2020, the US government signed the
CARES Act into law, a trillion relief package to provide support to individuals, businesses, and government organizations during the
COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, in PPP relief was received under the CARES Act and was forgiven free of taxation in 2021. 

The Company s policy is to record interest
and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the statement of operations. As of December
31, 2023 and 2022 the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. There were no changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits
during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties during fiscal 2023 or 2022
related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the net increase in valuation allowance was approximately and , respectively. 

Tax years 2018-2022 remain open to examination
for federal income tax purposes and by other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

The Company has not filed its federal tax return for the year ended
December 31, 2023. Accordingly, it expects to be liable for late filing penalties in its taxable jurisdictions. 

each, for a total amount of . They bear interest at and are due in full at
October 31, 2024, November 30, 2024, and December 31, 2024, respectively. The Company granted warrants to purchase shares
of the Company s common stock with these convertible notes. These warrants have an exercise price of and a term of five
years. 

From January 1, 2023 through the time of this
report, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock upon
conversion of notes payable. 

F- 22 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

On May 6, 2024, the Board of Directors of bowmo,
Inc., a Wyoming corporation (the Company ), voted unanimously in favor of the immediate dismissal of the
Company s current independent registered public accounting firm, BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers ), and
delivered written notice of such dismissal to BF Borgers on such date. The Board of Directors action was taken in response to the
entry of a final order by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on May 3, 2024, denying
BF Borgers the privilege of appearing or practicing before the Commission as an accountant. The Company notified BF Borgers of the dismissal
action on May 6, 2024. 

Further, during the Company s three most
recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the subsequent interim period through May 6, 2024: there were no disagreements
between the Company and BF Borgers on any matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope
or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF Borgers, would have caused it to make reference to the subject
matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s financial statements. 

On September 8, 2024 (the Engagement Date ), the Company s
Board of Directors approved the selection and engagement of Olayinka Oyebola Co. (Chartered Accountants) Olayinka as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the subsequent
interim periods through the Engagement Date, neither the Company, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted Olayinka regarding any of the matters
or events set forth in Items 304(a)(2)(i) or (ii) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of
controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

As required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b),
we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described
below. 

To address these material weaknesses, management
engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein
fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. 

The management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR for the Company. Our internal control
system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. The framework used by management in making that assessment
was the criteria set forth in the document entitled 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, during the period covered
by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2023, and that material weaknesses in ICFR
existed as more fully described below. 

8 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material
weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2023, our internal controls over financial reporting were
not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1. 
 We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended December 31, 2023. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. 
 We do not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricts the Company s ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

3. 
 We have inadequate controls to ensure that information necessary to properly record transactions is adequately communicated on a timely basis from non-financial personnel to those responsible for financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact of the lack of timely communication between non financial personnel and financial personnel on our assessment of our reporting controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represented a material weakness. 

4. 
 Certain control procedures were unable to be verified due to performance not being sufficiently documented. As an example, some procedures requiring review of certain reports could not be verified due to there being no written documentation of such review. Management evaluated the impact of its failure to maintain proper documentation of the review process on its assessment of its reporting controls and procedures and has concluded deficiencies represented a material weakness. 

We intend to continue to address these weaknesses
as resources permit. 

Notwithstanding the assessment that our ICFR was
not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained
in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered thereby in all
material respects. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company and
are not required to provide the report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during
the quarter ended December 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
That Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

9 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The following table provides certain information
regarding our directors and executive officers. We do not have any significant employees other than our current directors and executive
officers named in the table below. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 

Term of Office 

Full Time/Part 
 Time 
 
 Edward Aizman 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

48 

April 2020 Present 

Full Time 
 
 Michael E. Lakshin 
 
 President and Chairman of the Board 

60 

April 2020 Present 

Full Time 

Conrad R. Huss 

Co-Chairman of the Board 

73 

May 2022 Present 

Full Time 

Other than the employment agreements described
in this report, there are no arrangements or understandings between the directors and executive officers listed in the table above and
any other person(s) pursuant to which he was elected as a director or appointed as an executive officer. 

Edward Aizman, Director, Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Aizman serves as a Funder and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Aizman is an accomplished staffing
and recruiting professional with over 20 years of extensive experience in recruiting, sales, management, business development, and marketing.
From Mar 1997 to August 2016, Mr. Aizman served as the Account Manager with SANS Consulting Services, Inc. located in Greater New York
City Area, Mr. Aizman s Clients included: JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, and others. In September 2016, Mr. Aizman
joined the Company as Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer. On May 27, 2022, Mr. Aizman was appointed as a Director, Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. We believe Mr. Aizman is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his extensive experience
in the technology and recruiting industry. 

Michael E. Lakshin, MBA, President and Chairman
of the Board. Mr. Lakshin is a seasoned business executive and serial entrepreneur with more than 28 years of start-up and senior
business management experience. Participated in launching and developing various business ventures and overseeing multiple IPOs in the
U.S. and internationally. Designed and managed more than 50 marketing/advertising and IR campaigns for various companies across multiple
industries worldwide. Holds Executive MBA from Rutgers Business School. Prior to joining bowmo, Mr. Lakshin served as the CEO of 8K Miles
Media Group, the South-Asian Indian Media Company and the COO and Managing Director of Crescendo Communications, LLC., New York-based
Investor Relations Company. Mr. Lakshin joined bowmo in April 2020 as the Chief Revenue Officer to spearhead its new investment strategies
and on May 27, 2020 Mr. Lakshin has been appointed BOWMO s Chairman of the Board and President. We believe Mr. Lakshin is
qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his vast financial, marketing and operational experience. 

Conrad R. Huss, Co-Chairman of the Board. 
Prior to joining us upon completion of the Merger, Mr. Huss served as the sole officer and director of Cruzani. Mr. Huss is a financial
professional with over 25 years of investment banking and operating experience. Most recently, he was with Ocean Cross Capital Markets,
as Senior Managing Director from 2011 to 2013. Previously, Mr. Huss served as the Senior Managing Director at Southridge Investment Group
from 2006 to 2011. We believe Mr. Huss is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his financial and operational experience. 

Director Independence 

We are not currently subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the Board of Directors
be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority
of independent directors. 

10 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors or executive officers has
been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Audit Committee 

We currently do not have a separately standing
Audit Committee due to our limited size. Our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by an Audit Committee. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company does not have a Compensation Committee
due to our limited size and our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by a Compensation Committee. Our Board
intends to form a Compensation Committee when needed. 

Other Committees 

We do not currently have a separately-designated
standing nominating committee. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended
by security holders. To date, no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions
that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our Board, it is not practical for us to have committees other
than those described above, or to have more than two directors on such committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our
operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and our committees and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

Because we do not have an audit or compensation
committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors.
The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have a financial expert, nor has the Board established a nominating
committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company has only five directors, and to date,
such directors have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors
and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect
management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. 

Significant Employees 

We do not have any significant employees other
than our current executive officers and directors named in this Annual Report. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to all of our employees, including our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. Although not required,
the Code of Ethics also applies to our directors. The Code of Ethics provides written standards that we believe are reasonably designed
to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest
between personal and professional relationships, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and compliance with laws,
rules and regulations, including insider trading, corporate opportunities and whistleblowing or the prompt reporting of illegal or unethical
behavior. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics, without charge, upon request in writing us. 

11 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of a registered class of the
Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on our review of certain reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports
required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, were not timely. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table presents summary information
regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to our executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Name 

Capacities in which 
 compensation was received 
 
 Year 

Cash 
Compensation ) 

Other 
Compensation ) 

Total 
Compensation ) 

Edward Aizman 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 2023 

0 

180,000 
 (1) 

180,000 

2022 

60,000 

120,000 
 (1) 

180,000 

Michael E. Lakshin 
 
 President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2023 

0 

200,000 
 (2) 

200,000 

2022 

66,667 

133,333 
 (2) 

200,000 

Conrad R Huss 
 
 Co-Chairman of the Board 
 
 2023 

0 

120,000 
 (3) 

120,000 

2022 

0 

120,000 
 (3) 

120,000 

(1) 
 This amount was accrued. Mr.
 Aizman is owed an aggregate amount of 237,205 as of December 31, 2023. Mr. Aizman will begin receiving his accrued compensation in
 equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows, or as otherwise agreed between Mr. Aizman and the Company. 
 
 (2) 
 This amount was accrued. Mr.
 Lakshin is owed an aggregate amount of 263,563 as of December 31, 2023. Mr. Lakshin will begin receiving his accrued compensation
 in equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows. 
 
 (3) 
 This amount was accrued. Mr.
 Huss is owed an aggregate amount of 652,000 in accrued but unpaid base salary as of December 31, 2023. Mr. Huss will begin
 receiving his accrued compensation in equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows. 

General 

We currently compensate our executive officers
through base salary. Each of our executive officers has substantial responsibilities in connection with our day-to-day operations. 

Base Salary 

We have entered into an employment agreement with
Mr. Aizman. The agreement provides for a salary of 180,000 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 284,514 and 260,430 in accrued
but unpaid base salary, respectively. 

We have entered into an employment agreement with
Mr. Lakshin. The agreement provides for a salary of 200,000 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 152,871 and 249,648 has been
credited to accrued compensation, respectively. 

We have entered into an employment agreement with
Mr. Huss. The agreement provides for a salary of 10,000 per month. As of December 31, 2022, 532,000 has been credited to accrued compensation. 

We have entered into an employment agreement with
Mr. Neece. The agreement provides for a salary of 150,000 per annum. As of December 31, 2023, in accrued but unpaid base salary, respectively. 

12 

Equity Awards 

We have adopted an equity incentive plan though,
as of the date of this Annual Report we have issued no awards under the plan. 

Health and Welfare Benefits and Pension and
Retirement Plans 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we offer
no group life, health, hospitalization, or medical reimbursement or relocation benefits. We have, however, adopted a 401(k) retirement
plan. 

Termination and Change of Control Payments 

As of the date of this 10-K, we do not have any
plans or agreements which provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a corporate change in control. 

Director Compensation 

We do not compensate our directors for their services
as directors. We do, however, reimburse our directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in fulfilling their duties as directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following tables set forth certain information regarding our shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned as of the date of October 4, 2024, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 
or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and
directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises
sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within
60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares
shown in the tables for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the
owner s spouse or children. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each
beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o bowmo, Inc., 99 Wall Street, Suite 891, New York, New York 10005. 

13 

COMMON STOCK 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent of 
 Class (2) 
 
 Edward Aizman(3) 
 Common Stock 
 4,832,752,455 (4) 
 43.52 
 
 Michael E. Lakshin(3) 
 Common Stock 
 3,828,094,239 (4) 
 34.48 
 
 Conrad Huss(5) 
 Common Stock 
 2,252,529,694 (6) 
 20.29 
 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 Common Stock 
 10,913,376,388 
 98.29 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power to the shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on 11,103,649,609 shares outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report, (A) including 136,458,010 shares of the Company's common stock that are issued and outstanding and (B) an additional 10,967,191,599 shares of common stock that are not issued, but are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1). For each Beneficial Owner listed, any instruments convertible within 60 days have been also included for purposes of calculating their percent of class. 
 
 (3) 
 Officer and director. 
 
 (4) 
 None of these shares has been issued, but underlie the currently convertible shares of Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Director. 
 
 (6) 
 None of these shares is issued, but underlie the currently convertible shares of Series C Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock. 

PREFERRED STOCK 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent of 
 Class (2) 
 
 Edward Aizman 
 Series G Preferred
 Stock(3) 
 558,000 
 55.80 
 
 Michael E. Lakshin 
 Series G Preferred Stock(3) 
 442,000 
 44.20 
 
 Conrad Huss 
 Series C Preferred Stock(4) 
 1,000,000 
 100 

Series F Preferred Stock(5) 
 101 
 100 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The beneficial owner listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power to the shares of the indicated shares. 
 
 (2) 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, a total of 1,000,000 shares of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 (3) 
 With the voting rights of the Series G Preferred Stock, Messrs. Aizman and Lakshin control the Company through their collective ownership of the Company s Series G Preferred Stock. 
 
 (4) 
 The holders of the Series G Preferred Stock, as a class, have that number of votes which equals 78 of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a fully-diluted basis. 

14 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, we are required
to describe any transaction, since the beginning of December 31, 2015, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company was
or is to be a participant and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving the lesser
of 120,000 or one percent (1 of the average of the Company s total assets as of the end of last two completed fiscal years. A
related person is any executive officer, director, nominee for director, or holder of 5 or more of the Company s Common Stock,
or an immediate family member of any of those persons. 

See the section captioned Executive Compensation 
of this Annual Report for a discussion of the compensation arrangements of our directors and executive officers. 

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table sets forth fees billed to
us by our independent auditors during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, for: (a) services rendered for the audit of our
annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (b) services by our auditors that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as Audit Fees, (c) services rendered in
connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning and (d) all other fees for services rendered. 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 (1) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 (2) 

Audit Fees 

18,000 

25,000 

Audit Related Fees 

0 

0 

Tax 

0 

0 

All Other Fees 

0 

0 

(1) 
 These fees were paid to our current auditor, Olayinka Oyebola Co.. 

(2) These fees were paid to our prior auditor, BF Borgers. 

15 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following exhibits
are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is
furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is
not subject to liability under these sections. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BOWMO, INC. 

Dated: October 9, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael E. Lakshin 

Michael E. Lakshin 

President and Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of l934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael E. Lakshin 

Michael E. Lakshin 
 
 President, Chairman of the Board (Director) 
 
 October 9, 2024 

(Principal Executive, Financial and 

Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Edward Aizman 

Edward Aizman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 October 9, 2024 

/s/ Conrad Huss 

Conrad Huss 
 
 Director 
 
 October 9, 2024 

17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021438301ex31-1_bowmo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Lakshin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of bowmo, Inc.
(the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 9, 2024 

/s/ Michael Lakshin 

Michael Lakshin 

President and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea021438301ex32-1_bowmo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Michael Lakshin, Acting President,
and Chairman of the Board, of bowmo, Inc. (the Company certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes
of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge, the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 9, 2024 

/s/ Michael Lakshin 

Michael Lakshin 

President and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bomo-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bomo-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bomo-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bomo-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bomo-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

