<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-K_edgar_data_1231339_0001477932-24-008111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4360895</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102201</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>878299</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1019955</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1035152</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1238653</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008111.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216155822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Astra Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001231339
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				203113571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52205
		FILM NUMBER:		241551721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 BENJAMIN FRANKLIN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 802
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34236
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-705-2919

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1100 BENJAMIN FRANKLIN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 802
		CITY:			SARASOTA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34236

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCEAN SMART, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090413

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EDGEWATER FOODS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERITAGE MANAGEMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008111.txt : 20241216

10-K
 1
 asre_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

asre_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to _________________ Commission file number ______________ (Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered OTCQB Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Common Shares Par Value 0.001 (Title of class) Preferred Shares Par Value 0.001 (Title of class) _________________________ (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such fi ling requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: issued and outstanding at December 11, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 4 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 4 Item 2. Properties. 4 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 4 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 4 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 5 Item 6. [Reserved] 5 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 5 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. 7 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 8 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 8 Item 9B. Other Information. 9 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 9 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 10 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 13 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters. 15 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 16 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 18 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits 19 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 19 SIGNATURES. 20 2 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Astra Energy Inc.is an emerging company in the clean and renewable electricity and power generation sectors, with a focus on energy production from solar, waste-to-energy conversion and clean burning fuels. The Company strives to advance clean energy initiatives globally, while delivering measurable benefits to communities and value to our investors by investing in new technology and developing renewable and clean energy projects in markets where demand is high and supply is limited. CLEAN ENERGY PROJECTS Astra Energy in concert with the government of Tanzania is advancing a 350MW (Megawatt) Combined Cycle Gas Power Plant project. The government of Tanzania provided a positive response to the expression of interest, and they have requested a technical proposal or Project Feasibility Report. Astra is applying for Advocacy support for this project from the US Mission in Tanzania. The Company is currently in discussions to acquire land and is looking at an existing 350MW Combined Cycle Gas Power Plant (the Plant ). Astra is in continuing discussions to secure both a Power Purchase Agreement and a gas supply agreement with the Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation for the natural gas required to fuel the Plant. Once these agreements are executed, the Company will seek an equity partner for the project and debt financing to build out the project. Astra Energy is advancing a "Clean Energy Park" on the island of Zanzibar which includes a 42.5MW solar farm combined with a waste to energy system to convert 15 tons of municipal solid waste per hour into 7.5MW/hour of electric power and battery storage. The project will enable the island to dispose of all its garbage, thereby avoiding the need for a garbage landfill. Landfills are major generators of methane, a major greenhouse gas that is responsible for global warming. The Prefeasibility Report has been completed and there are continuing discussions with the island government regarding the Power Purchase Agreement to feed the power into the grid network. Over 200 acres of land has been secured by Astra on a long-term lease basis. The island of Zanzibar is a semi-autonomous territory of Tanzania in the Indian ocean. Electric power to the island is currently provided using two 100MW submarine cables from mainland Tanzania. These cables are now at capacity. The island wishes to have an independent power supply. Therefore, the immediate need for an additional 50MW of power in less than two years. POWER GENERATION TECHNOLOGY In October 2022, the Company entered into a Joint Venture with Holcomb Scientific Research Ltd. HSR to manufacture and distribute the innovative and patent protected Holcomb Inline Power Generator (ILPG) for homes, commercial applications, solar projects, electric vehicles, large power scale power plants, and many more applications. On September 22, 2023, Astra entered into an Exclusive Worldwide Manufacturing License Agreement with Holcomb Energy Systems. Holcomb owns a license for certain intellectual property rights licensed to it by Holcomb Scientific Research Ltd., relating to power generation, including the Holcomb Energy System In-Line Power Generator and Self-Sustaining Power Plant worldwide. Pursuant to the Agreement, Holcomb has agreed to sublicense the intellectual property to the Company. HSR is a Research and Development company that has created the patent-protected Holcomb Energy System, a scientific breakthrough in clean energy generation. The HES utilizes the natural energy produced by the electron spin in the iron atom, converting it into usable electricity while requiring no fuel, releasing zero carbon emissions, and having no moving parts - therefore running completely silent. 3 Table of Contents WASTE TO ENERGY TECHNOLOGY Regreen Technologies Inc. Regreen ), is a related, California-based zero emissions clean energy company. Regreen is involved in research and development of the science of converting municipal solid waste (MSW) and organic waste into zero emission marketable commodities, such as clean electricity, biofuels, animal feeds, fertilizers, organic pesticides, and reclaimed water purification. The Company partners with Regreen and has access to its technology for use in developing clean and renewable energy solutions. Item 1A. Risk Factors We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We have developed and maintain a cybersecurity risk management methodology intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. Our cybersecurity risk management is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the Company to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. As part of our overall risk management processes and procedures, we have instituted a cybersecurity awareness designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. This involves ongoing monitoring of systems and networks, including networks on which we rely. Through our cybersecurity awareness, the current threat landscape is actively monitored in an effort to identify material risks arising from new and evolving cybersecurity threats. We may engage external experts, including cybersecurity assessors, consultants and auditors to evaluate cybersecurity measures and risk management processes as needed. We also depend on and engage various third parties, including suppliers, vendors and service providers in connection with our operations. Our management team oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of such entities. As of the date of this Report, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition and that are required to be reported in this Report. Item 2. Properties Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Benjamin Franklin Drive, Unit 802, Sarasota, Florida 34236. We believe our present facilities are adequate for our current needs as it is in close proximity to the Holcomb Energy System R D Facility. We do not own any real property. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 4 Table of Contents Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market for Common Stock Our common stock was listed for trading on the OTCQB on September 30, 2022, under the symbol "ASRE". Holders of Record of Common Stock As of December 11, 2024, we had approximately 181 stockholders of record for our common stock. The foregoing number of stockholders of record does not include an unknown number of stockholders who hold their stock in "street name". Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We presently do not expect to declare or pay such dividends in the foreseeable future and expect to reinvest all undistributed earnings to expand our operations, which the management believes would be of the most benefit to our stockholders. The declaration of dividends, if any, will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, which may consider such factors as our results of operations, financial condition, capital needs and acquisition strategy, among others. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Unregistered securities sold by the Company during the period covered by this report have been previously reported in our Registration Statement on Form S-1, on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases of Equity Securities On October 27, 2022, the Company acquired 50 of the outstanding shares of Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC., a Delaware entity, in exchange for 5 million shares of the Company s common stock. Equity Compensation Plan Information As of August 31, 2024, we do not have any equity compensation plans. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following information contains certain forward-looking statements of our management. Forward-looking statements are statements that estimate the happening of future events and are not based on historical fact. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as may, could, expect, estimate, anticipate, plan, predict, probable, possible, should, continue, or similar terms, variations of those terms or the negative of those terms. The forward-looking statements specified in the following information have been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be reasonable. Our future operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is to be inferred from those forward-looking statements. Critical Accounting Policies Refer to Note 2 of our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently adopting and issued accounting standards. 5 Table of Contents Results of Operations Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024, Compared to Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2023 We did not recognize any revenue for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses were 333,008 and 127,037 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 205,971 or 162.1 . In the current fiscal year, we had an increase of audit fees of approximately 33,820, legal fees of 144,590 and recruiting fees of 72,000. Business Development Business development expenses were 874,245 and 819,715 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of 54,530 or 6.7 . Business development expenses are primarily for travel and consulting fees. Land Lease and penalties Land lease and penalties increased to 318,467 from 0 for the year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As per the terms of the lease agreement with the Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar (Note 7), the Company is delinquent in its first payment and has incurred a penalty. Consulting Related Party Consulting related party expense for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, was 0 and 3,460, respectively, a decrease of 3,460. Amortization and Depreciation Expense In the current year we incurred amortization expense of 88,310 for our license to manufacture the Holcomb In-Line Power Generator and Self-Sustaining Power Plant and 1,159 of depreciation expense on an automobile. Executive Compensation Executive compensation expenses were 345,000 and 1,693,250 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,348,250 or 79.6 . The decrease is primarily due to a reduction in stock compensation for executives for services rendered. Stock Compensation-Consulting Stock compensation-consulting expenses for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, were 389,840 and 701,612, respectively, a decrease of 311,772 or 44.4 . The decrease is due to a reduction in stock compensation for services rendered by advisors, consultants and other non-related parties. Other Income/Expense For the year ended August 31, 2024, we had total other expense of 1,138,597, compared to total other expense of 7,085,471 in the prior year. In the current year we had interest expense of 1,880,602, 537,500 of which was recorded to accrue for a portion of the transaction fee related to the loan from a Director for the Financial Guarantee Insurance. We also had foreign exchange expense of 8,095 and we recognized 750,100 of other revenue from our joint venture with Powertron. In the prior period we had interest expense of 13,510, a loss on the issuance of convertible debt of 36,242, a loss for the change in fair value of derivative of 50,570, debt discount expense of 69,250, and early payment penalty of 20,706 and a loss on impairment of 7,049,213. These expense were offset with a 2,208 gain for foreign exchange and a gain on extinguishment of debt of 151,812. Net Loss We had a net loss of 3,487,467 for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to 10,430,545 for the year ended August 31, 2023. Our net loss has decreased for the reasons discussed above. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have an accumulated deficit at August 31, 2024 of 56,142,747. We expect to incur substantial expenses and generate continued operating losses until we generate revenues sufficient to meet our obligations. At August 31, 2024, the Company had cash of 23,012. We will need to rely on private capital investment or loans to fund future operations for the next 12 months. 6 Table of Contents Cash Flows The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in our Statements of Cash Flows: Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (124,815 (593,160 Investing activities (20,723 Financing activities 145,300 417,511 Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities was 124,815 and 593,160 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities was 20,723 and 0 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In the current fiscal year we purchased an automobile for 20,723. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities was 145,300 and 417,511 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to a decrease in the issuances of common stock for cash. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect the liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 7 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ASTRA ENERGY INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB #05525) F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Astra Energy, Inc and Subsidiaries Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Astra Energy, Inc and Subsidiaries the Company as of August 31, 2024, and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has a significant accumulated deficit and no ongoing revenue sources. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Accounting Treatment related to Joint Ventures and Investment Impairment Refer to Note 6 to the Financial Statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company acquired a 50 ownership interest in Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems, LLC during the year ended August 31, 2023. Additionally, the Company executed several joint venture agreements that were in effect during the year ended August 31, 2024. As assessing for potential impairment related to the Astra-Holcomb investment and assessing the proper accounting treatment related to the joint ventures requires significant auditor judgement, we deemed investment impairment and joint venture accounting treatment to be critical audit matters. How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed on the Audit Our principal audit procedures consisted of the following, among others: Identifying all joint venture agreements and inquiring of management regarding the status of and activity under these agreements. Reviewing source documents and agreements with partners and other entities. Evaluating the relevance and reliability of management s analysis to ensure the value of the investments are properly recorded under generally accepted accounting principles. PCAOB ID #0 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. December 16, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents ASTRA ENERGY INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable Accounts receivable related party Other current assets Prepaid loan fee Total current assets License, net of amortization (Note 5) Investment (Note 6) Automobile, net of depreciation Operating leases, right of use assets (Note 7) Total Assets LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable - related parties (Note 8) Refundable deposits Accrued interest payable Loan payable-related party (Note 9) Notes payable - (Note 10) Note payable - related party (Note 10) Debenture payable (Note 11) Operating lease liability current portion Total current liabilities Operating lease liability net of current portion (Note 7) Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders' Equity: Series A Preferred stock, par , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Series B Preferred stock, par , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Series C Preferred stock, par , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Series D Preferred stock, par , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Series A1 Preferred stock, par , share authorized; no shares issued and outstanding, respectively Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. Stock subscriptions receivable Common stock to be issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents ASTRA ENERGY INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Revenue Operating Expenses: General and administrative Business development Land lease and penalties Consulting - related party Amortization and depreciation expense Executive compensation Stock compensation-consulting Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Foreign exchange Interest expense Interest expense debt discount Early payment penalty Impairment loss Loss on issuance of convertible debt Change in fair value of derivative Gain on extinguishment of debt Other income Total other expense Loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net Loss Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ASTRA ENERGY INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 Series A Preferred Series A1 Preferred Series B Preferred Series C Preferred Series D Preferred Common Stock Common Stock to Be Stock Subscription Additional Paid-In Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Issued Receivable Capital Deficit Total Balance, August 31, 2022 Common stock issued for services - related party Common stock issued for services Prepaid common stock issued for acquisition Common stock issued for cash Net loss Balance, August 31, 2023 Common stock issued for services Common stock issued for acquisitions Common stock issued for conversion for debt Net loss Balance, August 31, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ASTRA ENERGY INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended August 31, 2024 2023 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation-related party Stock based compensation Impairment expense Amortization and depreciation Debt discount amortization Early payment penalty Loss on issuance of convertible debt Change in fair value of derivative Gain on extinguishment of debt Financing costs Changes in assets and liabilities: Other current assets Accounts receivable Receivable related party Accounts payable Lease penalties Accounts payable-related parties Due to related party Customer deposits Accrued interest Net Cash Used in Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of automobile Net Cash Used by Investing Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from note payable Proceeds from note payable related party Repayment of note payable related party Financial guarantee insurance Common stock issued for cash Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash at Beginning of Year Cash at End of Year Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activity: Common stock issued for investment Common stock issued for license asset Common stock issued for prepayment of acquisition Establish right of use asset Common stock issued for conversion of debt The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents ASTRA ENERGY INC. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements August 31, 2024 by Astra Energy Inc. and by Ssingo Oils and Gas - SMC Limited of Mityana, Uganda. On November 15, 2021, the Company incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in the State of California called Astra Energy California, Inc. On August 13, 2024, the name of the subsidiary was changed to Regen Waste Management Inc. On December 22, 2021, the Company incorporated a subsidiary in Tanzania called Astra Energy Tanzania Limited. The Company is owned by Astra Energy Inc. and by Kiluwa Group of Companies Limited of Kinondoni, Tanzania. On August 17, 2022, the Company incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in the State of Florida called Astra Holcomb Energy Systems Inc. On October 27, 2022, the Company acquired of the outstanding shares of Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC., a Delaware entity, in exchange for million shares of the Company s common stock. Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC holds the exclusive rights to manufacture and distribute the patented Holcomb Energy System In-Line Power Generator. There are no other assets and no liabilities in Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC. As of August 31, 2023, the Company had acquired a interest in Regreen Technologies, Inc. in exchange for common shares of the Company. In September 2023, the Company acquired exclusive global manufacturing and distribution rights to the Holcomb In-Line Power Generator in exchange for million common shares of the Company. On March 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the "Agreement") with Powertron Global LLC ("Powertron"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company and Powertron will create a new entity Newco ), to hold the Patents related to the processing of waste to energy, which will be assigned from Regreen Technologies, Inc. to Newco. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company has received in cash with remaining consideration of million in cash and million shares of common stock of Newco. As of August 31, 2024, there were no JV operations in place. F-7 Table of Contents deposit towards the manufacture and installation of a one-megawatt Holcomb Energy Systems Inline Power Generator as a pilot unit for a date center with the intention that it will lead to further business. The Parties have agreed to a confidential split of the gross revenue derived from the power savings and/or power magnification. As of August 31, 2024, there were no JV operations in place. On July 30, 2024, the Company incorporated a subsidiary in Kenya called Astra Clean and Renewable Projects Limited. The Company is owned by Astra Energy Inc. and by Robert Kennedy Okongo, of Nairobi, Kenya. Use of Estimates Principles of Consolidation Cash and Cash Equivalents Inventory Intangible Assets and , respectively. Investments Leases per annum which is the same rate of interest being paid on a current outstanding loan. F-8 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Net income (loss) per common share potentially dilutive shares from Series A preferred stock and potentially dilutive shares from the Series D preferred stock and warrants which are convertible at per share into common shares. As of August 31, 2023, the Company has potentially dilutive shares from Series A preferred stock, potentially dilutive shares from the Series D preferred stock and approximately potentially dilutive shares from a convertible note payable. When the Company as a net loss any potentially dilutive shares have not been included due to their anti-dilutive effect. Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic F-9 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements as of August 31, 2024, and no revenue. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company is planning to secure its financial capital in various ways. It will finance its operations initially through shareholder loans from the principals and through private placement investment offerings. The Company may decide to finance its project development stage by way of an equity offering by issuing shares or by engaging venture capital firms that invest in early-stage companies. Venture capital firms do more than just supply money to small new opportunities. They can also provide advice on potential products, customers, and key employees. The company will also look to develop a relationship with a bank or banks with the intention of demonstrating a track record of progress and building value and securing some form of financing in the future. Once Astra Energy Inc. has a record of at least earning significant revenues, and better still of earning profits, the firm can make a credible promise to pay interest, and so it becomes possible for the firm to borrow money. Firms have two main methods of borrowing: banks and bonds. F-10 Table of Contents . The automobile is being depreciated over five years. Depreciation expense for the year ended August 31, 2024, was . Accumulated depreciation Automobile, net million common shares of the Company for a deemed value of , based on the closing stock price on the date of issuance. The valuation of the license is based on the deemed value of patents, the size of the potential market for the technology and numerous expressions of interest to purchase product. The license is being amortized over 18 years. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company incurred amortization expense of . If the Company fails to raise the necessary capital to set up manufacturing and distribution, this license would be at risk and would become subject to impairment in full. relates to the acquisition of of the outstanding shares of Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC., a Delaware entity, in exchange for million shares of the Company s common stock and the acquisition of the global manufacturing and distribution rights for the Holcomb In-Line Power Generator in exchange for million shares of the Company s common stock (refer Note 5). The value of the acquisition was based on the closing stock price of the Company s shares on the effective date of the agreement. As of August 31, 2024, there was no operating activities in Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems LLC. 7 Hectares (approximately acres) of land at Kibele South Region of Unguja. The term of the lease is years with yearly lease payments of payable on or before December 1 st of each year. On May 10, 2023, Astra Energy Zanzibar Limited entered into a Lease Agreement with Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar, for Hectares (approximately acres) of land at Kibele South Region of Unguja. The term of the lease is years with yearly lease payments of payable on or before December 1 st of each year. F-11 Table of Contents in penalties in the current year. However, it was agreed to by both Astra Energy Inc. and The Revolutionary Government of Zanzibar that the Zanzibar land leases were not going to be paid until a Power Purchase Agreement was in place as this is a critical condition for funding the project. The company plans to fund the project for 195M and make the lease payments accordingly. Total lease asset Liability Operating lease liability current portion Current operating lease liability Operating lease liability noncurrent portion Long-term operating lease liability Total lease liability Lease obligations at August 31, 2024 consisted of the following: 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total payments Amount representing interest Lease obligation, net Less current portion Lease obligation long term common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company entered into a services agreement with the Vice President of a wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby the Company agreed to issue common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Vice President received cash for services rendered. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company entered into a services agreement with the Chief Operating Officer of a wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby the Company agreed to issue common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . The COO was entitled to invoice the Company for for services for the month of January, 2023. The services agreement was terminated effective February 1, 2023 and the COO has not invoiced the subsidiary for any services. F-12 Table of Contents common shares to the Corporate Communications Officer pursuant to an agreement dated January 1, 2021. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . This agreement was terminated effective August 31, 2022. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares to the President in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares to the former CEO of a wholly owned subsidiary in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of . During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued 75,000 common shares to a director of the Company in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.17 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 12,750. As of August 31, 2024, the Company owes (August 31, 2023 - to the CEO for cash advanced to the Company for working capital. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no terms of repayment. As of August 31, 2024, the Company owes (August 31, 2023 - to the CEO of a wholly-owned subsidiary for cash advanced to the Company for working capital. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no terms of repayment. As of August 31, 2024, the company owes (August 31, 2023 - to a Director for cash advanced to the Company to pay for the Financial Guarantee Insurance on the 195M Zanzibar Clean Energy Park Loan Facility. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is to be repaid within 30 days or when the loan closes plus a transaction fee of . The full amount of the transaction fee was expensed in the current year given the amount will be fully paid once the funding closes. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in fees to the CEO of the Company and repaid . The Company owes to the CEO at August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in fees to the President and repaid . The Company owes to the President at August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in fees to the CEO of a wholly owned subsidiary. The Company owes to the CEO at August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in fees to the former Chief Financial Officer and repaid . The Company owes to the Chief Financial Officer at August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in fees to the Corporate Secretary and repaid . The Company owes to the Corporate Secretary at August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued in compensation to the new CFO. The Company owes to the CFO at August 31, 2024. (August 31, 2023 - to the CEO for cash advanced to the Company for repayment of debt. The loan was unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no terms of repayment. The loan was repaid on March 12, 2024. F-13 Table of Contents with interest of per annum on or before February 16, 2024. The loan is secured by a patent held by Regreen Technologies, Inc. As of August 31, 2024, the Company owed the lender (August 31, 2023 - plus accrued interest of (August 31, 2023 - ). The loan is in default and the Company is negotiating extended terms. As of August 31, 2024, the Company has accrued in late fees. This loan is personally guaranteed by the CEO of the Company. As of August 31, 2024, the company owes to a Director for cash advanced to the Company to pay for the Financial Guarantee Insurance on the 195M Zanzibar Clean Energy Park Loan Facility. This Financial Guarantee Insurance has been accounted for as a prepayment given the funding has not yet closed but will be considered loan costs amortized over the life of the loan once funding is secured. The amount will be refunded if the loan is not secured. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is to be repaid within days or when the loan closes plus a transaction fee of . As of August 31, 2024, the company owes to Edwin Stoughton for cash advanced to the Company to pay for costs incurred on the 195M Zanzibar Clean Energy Park Loan Facility. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is to be repaid within 30 days or when the loan closes plus a transaction fee of . with interest of per annum on or before January 11, 2024. The Holders have the right to convert any time within 2 years with a conversion price of per share subject to adjustments as set out in the Debenture. On March 14, 2024, the note holder converted all principal and interest into shares of common stock. with interest of per annum on or before . On December 14, 2022 Regreen Technologies Inc entered into a loan agreement and promised to pay NAPS Construction Investment Fund, LLC with interest of per annum on or before . These loans are in default. Astra Energy Inc. has an interest in resolving this matter with the debtor as it is currently negotiating a transaction with Powertron Global LLC involving Regreen Technologies Inc patents. per share and voting rights on an as converted basis. The holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor and when and as declared by the Board of Directors, dividends at the rate of per annum in shares of our common stock. On January 19, 2022, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were cancelled. The shares were cancelled at the direction of the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock. Subsequent to the cancellation, shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding. Series A1 Preferred On April 24, 2020, the Company created and filed a Certificate of Designation for one share of Series A1 Preferred Stock, par value . On January 21, 2022, the board of directors of the Company changed the designation of Series A1 by eliminating its conversion and voting rights. On January 13, 2022, the Company and the sole shareholder of the Series A1 Preferred share entered into a share cancellation agreement, whereby, the sole shareholder of the Series A1 Preferred Shares agreed to the cancellation of the one share of Series A1 Preferred Shares issued and outstanding. Series B Preferred The Company has authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The conversion rights of Series Preferred B were required to be exercised within years. The conversion rights have expired without any of the shares being converted. Series B shares are not entitled to dividends or liquidation preferences and have no voting rights. Series C Preferred The Company has authorized shares of Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C is convertible into one fully paid and nonassessable share of our common stock at an initial conversion price of , subject to adjustment. The conversion rights of Series Preferred C were required to be exercised within years. The conversion rights have expired without any of the shares being converted. F-14 Table of Contents shares of Series D Preferred Stock, which ranks junior to our Series A, Series B and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, but senior to our common stock. Except with respect to specified transactions that affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of the Series D Preferred Shares and except as otherwise required by Nevada law, the Series D Preferred Shares have no voting rights. At any time on or after the issuance date, the holder of any Series D Preferred Shares August, at the holder s option, elect to convert all or any portion of the Series D Preferred Shares held by such person into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock equal to the quotient of (i) the stated value per share) of the Series D Preferred Shares being converted divided by (ii) the conversion price, which initially is per share, subject to certain adjustments. As of August 31, 2024, there are Series D Preferred shares issued and outstanding. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders shall be entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Company available for distribution, an amount equal to . Units of its common stock at per unit for total cash proceeds of . During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. F-15 Table of Contents common shares in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares at a price of per share in exchange for a 50 interest in Astra-Holcomb Energy Systems Inc. The shares were valued based on the closing price at the date of agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common shares at an average price of per share in exchange for a interest in Regreen Technologies Inc. The shares were valued based on the closing price at the date of agreement. There is uncertainty as to future value of Regreen Technologies shares and the Company has written down the value of the shares issued to zero as an impairment loss of . During the year ended August 31, 2024 the Company issued common shares at a price of per share in exchange for services for total non-cash compensation of . The shares were valued based on the closing stock price on the effective date of the agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company issued common shares at a price of per share in exchange for exclusive global manufacturing and distribution rights to the Holcomb In-Line Power Generator. The shares were valued based on the closing price at the effective date of agreement. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company issued common shares in conversion of principal and interest of and , respectively (Note 11). On September 3, 2024, the Company issued common shares to executives pursuant to their agreements in exchange for services for a total non-cash compensation of . common shares pursuant to a Share Subscription Agreement in exchange for . The shares are included in the total number of shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2024. outstanding warrants. One warrant can be exercised to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at per share. Issued Cancelled or expired Exercised Outstanding, August 31, 2023 Issued Cancelled or expired Exercised Outstanding, August 31, 2024 1.00 F-16 Table of Contents that can be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported in the August 31, 2024 or 2023 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cut and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). The Tax Act establishes new tax laws that affects 2018 and future years, including a reduction in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to effective January 1, 2018. The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following for the years ended August 31, 2024 or 2023: Less: valuation allowance Net provision for Federal income taxes The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of (the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 is being used due to the new tax law recently enacted) of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of August 31, 2024 or 2023: Less valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards August be limited as to use in future years. The Company is evaluating the effects of its recent change in ownership on its NOL. ASC Topic 740 provides guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. Topic 740 requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements. The Company includes interest and penalties arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. common shares to executives pursuant to their agreements in exchange for services for a total non-cash compensation of . On October 21, 2024, the Company, through its subsidiary A-HES Power Co. have entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the "Agreement") with a large multinational oil and gas corporation based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (the "Client"), collectively (the "Parties"). The Company entered into an Agreement to engage in project development within the sectors of petroleum refineries and pipelines on a non-exclusive basis. The products to which this Agreement is applicable are the Holcomb Energy Systems LLC In-Line Power Generator (ILPG) and the Self-Sustaining Power Plant (SSPP) for commercial use but not residential use, and the power enhancement and/or savings provided by the Equipment. The Products will be manufactured, installed, operated, and maintained by A-HES Power Co. As of December 2, 2024, the board of directors of Astra Energy Inc., accepted the resignation of Benjamin Grier from all positions at Astra. Mr. Grier felt there was a lack of board oversight of management and there was a lack of appropriate protocols. On December 5, 2024, GTII Strategic Acquisitions Equity Inc sent a settlement proposal to the Company with regards to the outstanding loan agreement between the parties. This will be taken before the board of directors of Astra Energy Inc, for review. As of December 5, 2024, with regards to the Joint Venture Agreement entered into between the Company and Powertron Global LLC on March 8, 2024, the Company has not agreed to a further extension after granting two successive 45-day extensions beyond the initial closing date at Powertron s request. Both parties still have interest in working together and are in discussions on how best to proceed with a new transaction F-17 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Act of 1934. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be included in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, relating to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, and was made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of August 31, 2024 because of the material weaknesses identified in our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As of August 31, 2024, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). A Material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) Auditing Standard No. 2) or a combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Based on such assessment, management concluded that as of August 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Management has identified the following material weakness: inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements Planned Remediation With the oversight of senior management and our audit committee, we are taking the steps below and plan to take additional measures to remediate the underlying causes of the material weaknesses: The Company will take steps to remediate the control activities material weakness through the documentation of processes and controls for transactions that occur in the course of business, and in the financial statement close, reporting and disclosure processes. The Company will formalize our process and documentation for monitoring internal control over financial reporting. The documentation will serve as the evidence to ascertain whether the control activities are present and functioning and provide a foundation for the Company to communicate internal control deficiencies in a timely manner to those parties responsible for taking corrective action. 8 Table of Contents In addition, under the direction of the audit committee of the Board of Directors, management will continue to review and make necessary changes to the overall design of the Company s internal control environment, as well as to refine policies and procedures to improve the overall effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company. We cannot be assured that the measures we have taken to date, or plan to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to the Company s status as a smaller reporting company. Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as discussed above, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended August 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable 9 Table of Contents Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors, Executive Officers and Significant Employees The following table and text set forth the names and ages of our current directors, executive officers and significant employees as of December 11, 2024. All of the directors will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of the directors and executive officers. From time to time, our directors have received compensation in the form of cash and equity grants for their services on the Board. Name Age Title Ronald Loudoun 61 Chief Executive Officer and Director Kermit Harris 50 President and Director. Jayanti Govindji 81 Director Robert Holcomb 83 Director The background and principal occupations of the directors and officers of the Company are as follows: Ronald W. Loudoun (Age 61) - Director, CEO and Chairman of Astra Energy Inc. - Director of Regreen Technologies Inc. Ronald W. Loudoun , age 61, is the CEO and Chairman of the Board of our Company. He has extensive business development experience in the renewable energy market, and has maintained a longstanding interest in both communicating the need for, and sourcing new methods for conscious minded development and growth. He is a successful business strategist with more than 30 years experience as an entrepreneur and real estate developer. He possesses an excellent background in new business development, multi-site operations, performance quality and improvement, and product branding and creation. Distinguished as a meticulous, methodical, hands-on-leader, Mr. Loudoun has been the catalyst for advancement in many business ventures. Kermit A. Harris, age 50, is a founder, President and Director of our Company. Mr. Harris has proven and unique transformational leadership skills with over twenty years of experience in real estate acquisition/land development, commercial financing, business development, and restaurant industries. He has demonstrated high quality cross-functional management qualifications, business strategy, international/governmental engagement, and dynamic leadership. Mr. Harris developed the Company s renewable division as well as the global bio-fuel supply chain using Regreen Technology. He has full oversight of the entire organization domestically and abroad, working closely with COO Dan Claycamp. Kermit has been with the Company since 2019. From January 2017 to January 2019, he was the Business Development/Acquisition Manager for the Donato Group, Inc. where his responsibilities included identifying opportunities to enhance and streamline operations within any construction/development project to increase the satisfaction levels of municipalities, development entity, and investors when working with their staff/sub-contractors and partners. None of the companies where Mr. Harris was employed prior to being employed by the registrant was a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the registrant. These skills working with private and public companies are used to carry out the strategic initiatives of our Company. He is a graduate of Eastern Michigan University s Gary Owen College of Business, with a Finance Major. Jayanti Govindji M.D ., 81 years of age, Director, brings a wealth of business acumen with extensive experience in negotiation and constructing, developing and managing multiple successful business ventures in the hospitality and pharmaceutical industries, in addition to growing his family-owned hotel hospitality empire that boasts some of the top brands in the hotel industry including Marriott, Hilton and IHG brands. This follows his 35 years of medical practice in Utah where he successfully established an obstetrical department at Utah Valley Regional Medical Center. Dr. Govindji obtained his medical degree from the prestigious M.S. University of Baroda, India. He completed his medical residency in anesthesia at the renowned Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, UK and also completed his USA medical practice requirements at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York. Robert Holcomb MD, Ph.D ., 83 years of age, Director is Co-Owner, Co-Founder, and Co-Manager of Holcomb Scientific Research, an Irish-based research and development company setting a new industry standard in electric power generation. With decades of experience across the medical, scientific, and energy industries, Dr. Holcomb is a pioneer in modern invention with hundreds of patents across a range of industries from breakthrough clean energy solutions to medical devices such as MagnaBloc, which achieved approximately 1 billion in worldwide sales. He has also patented numerous environmentally friendly products, processes, and devices, including a CO2 converter that captures CO2 in power plant emissions and in the atmosphere and converts it back to its base elements, as well as a unique water purification system. 10 Table of Contents He spent almost 20 years as a child and adult neurologist on the faculty of the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, one of the nation s longest serving and most prestigious academic medical centers. During this time, he regularly published articles in a series of medical and scientific journals and traveled around the world delivering lectures. The Board and Committees Our Board has one committee, the Audit Committee. Audit Committee Benjamin N. Grier and Jayanti Govindji are the members of our Audit Committee and Benjamin N. Grier served as the chairperson through to his resignation on December 2, 2024. Benjamin N. Grier and Jayanti Govindji meet the independence standards promulgated by the SEC and by NASDAQ as such standards apply specifically to members of audit committees. Benjamin N. Grier, a member of the audit committee is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and Benjamin N. Grier and Jayanti Govindji are both independent as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. We adopted and approved a charter for the Audit Committee. In accordance with our Audit Committee Charter, our Audit Committee shall perform several functions, including: evaluate the independence and performance of, and assesses the qualifications of, our independent auditor, and engages such independent auditor; approve the plan and fees for the annual audit, quarterly reviews, tax and other audit-related services, and approves in advance any non-audit service to be provided by the independent auditor; monitor the independence of the independent auditor and the rotation of partners of the independent auditor on our engagement team as required by law; review the financial statements to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and reviews with management and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and reviews of our quarterly financial statements; 11 Table of Contents oversee all aspects our systems of internal accounting control and corporate governance functions on behalf of the board; review and approves in advance any proposed related-party transactions and report to the full Board of Directors on any approved transactions; and provide oversight assistance in connection with legal, ethical and risk management compliance programs established by management and the Board of Directors, including Sarbanes-Oxley Act implementation, and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding corporate governance issues and policy decisions. It is determined that Benjamin N. Grier possesses accounting or related financial management experience that qualifies him as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. Independence of the Board As required under the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, a majority of the members of a listed company s Board of Directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the Board of Directors. Our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning her or his background, employment, and affiliations, our board has determined that Benjamin N. Grier and Jayanti Govindji do not have relationships that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. In making this determination, the Board found that none of these directors had a material or other disqualifying relationship with the Company. Conflicts of Interest Members of our management are associated with other firms involved in a range of business activities. Consequently, there are potential inherent conflicts of interest in their acting as officers and directors of our company. Although the directors are engaged in other business activities, we anticipate they will devote an important amount of time to our affairs. Our officers and directors are now and may in the future become shareholders, officers or directors of other companies, which may be formed for the purpose of engaging in business activities similar to ours. Accordingly, additional direct conflicts of interest may arise in the future with respect to such individuals acting on behalf of us or other entities. Moreover, additional conflicts of interest may arise with respect to opportunities which come to the attention of such individuals in the performance of their duties or otherwise. Currently, we do not have a right of first refusal pertaining to opportunities that come to their attention and may relate to our business operations. Our officers and directors are, so long as they are our officers or directors, subject to the restriction that all opportunities contemplated by our plan of operation which come to their attention, either in the performance of their duties or in any other manner, will be considered opportunities of, and be made available to us and the companies that they are affiliated with on an equal basis. A breach of this requirement will be a breach of the fiduciary duties of the officer or director. If we or the companies with which the officers and directors are affiliated both desires to take advantage of an opportunity, then said officers and directors would abstain from negotiating and voting upon the opportunity. However, all directors may still individually take advantage of opportunities if we should decline to do so. Except as set forth above, we have not adopted any other conflict of interest policy with respect to such transactions. 12 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No director, person nominated to become a director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted in or is currently subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any Federal or state securities or banking or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business activity, or finding any violation with respect to such law; (iii) has any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against the business of which such person was an executive officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two years prior thereto; (iv) been the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (a) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; nor (v) been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member (covering stock, commodities or derivatives exchanges, or other SROs). Code of Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees in accordance with the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and the SEC. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics as an exhibit to our Registration Statement filed on Form S-1. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at sec.report . In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation The following tables set forth certain information concerning all compensation paid, earned or accrued for service by our President, Chief Operating Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary in the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. This table consists of all the executive officers of the Company who served in such capacity at the end of the fiscal year. 13 Table of Contents 2024 AND 2023 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) Ronald Loudoun 2024 120,000 - - - - - - 120,000 CEO (1) 2023 90,000 - - - - - - 90,000 Kermit Harris 2024 30,000 - - - - - - 30,000 President 2023 60,000 - 420,000 - - - - 480,000 Claudio Flamini (2) 2024 126,000 - - - - - - 126,000 CFO 2023 - - - - - - - - Rachel Boulds (4) 2024 15,000 - - - - - - 15,000 CFO 2023 24,000 - - - - - - 24,000 Lisa Thompson (3) 2024 12,000 - - - - - - 12,000 Corporate Secretary 2023 24,000 - - - - - - 24,000 (1) Mr. Loudoun was appointed CEO and director of the Company on July 3, 2023. (2) Mr. Flamini was appointed CFO of the Company on March 18, 2024. (3) Mrs. Thompson resigned as Corporate Secretary on February 9, 2024. (4) Ms. Boulds resigned as CFO on March 18, 2024. C ompensation of Executive Officers Each of the executive officers has a services or consulting agreement with our company. On October 1, 2020, we entered into a services agreement with Kermit Harris, wherein, Mr. Harris will receive a monthly fee of 5,000. In addition, Mr. Harris received 500,000 pre-split shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to his agreement. On January 16, 2023, Mr. Harris received 2,000,000 common shares in exchange for services rendered. On October 3, 2020, we entered into a services agreement with Lisa Thompson, wherein, Ms. Thompson will receive a monthly fee of 2,000. In addition, Ms. Thompson received 100,000 pre-split shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to her agreement. On January 16, 2021, we entered into a contract services agreement with Rachel Boulds, wherein, Ms. Boulds will receive a monthly fee of 2,000. In addition, Ms. Boulds received 50,000 pre-split shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to her agreement. On February 1, 2021, we entered into a consulting agreement with Daniel Claycamp, wherein Mr. Claycamp will receive an hourly fee for services. In addition, Mr. Claycamp received 250,000 pre-split shares of common stock pursuant to his agreement. On February 11, 2022, Mr. Claycamp received an additional 250,000 shares of common stock. On December 1, 2022, we entered into a services agreement with Ronald Loudoun, wherein, Mr. Loudoun will receive a monthly fee of 10,000. 14 Table of Contents On March 18, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Claudio Flamini, wherein, Mr. Flamini will receive a monthly salary of 20,000. In addition, Mr. Flamini will receive 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to his agreement. The Company does not have a compensation committee. Given the nature of the Company s business and the current composition of management, the board of directors does not believe that the Company requires a compensation committee at this time. Compensation of Directors We have no arrangements for the remuneration of our directors, except that they will be entitled to receive reimbursement for actual, demonstrable out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses, if any, made on our behalf in the investigation of business opportunities. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of August 31, 2024, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by: (i) each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our outstanding Common Stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive officer; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and their percentage ownership: Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage Common Ronald Loudoun (1) Vancouver, BC - - Common Kermit A Harris (2) Southfield, Michigan 3,500,000 4.81 Common Claudio Flamini (3) Lakewood Ranch, FL 125,000 0.17 Common Jayanti Govindji (4) Sarasota, FL 100,000 .14 Common Benjamin N. Grier (5) Southfield, MI 210,000 .29 Common Albert Mardikian (6) Huntington Beach, CA 10,000,000 13.73 Directors and Officers as a Group (6 persons) 13,935,000 19.14 Common Alita Capital Inc. (Ron Loudoun) Poway, CA 3,989,714 5.48 Common Trimark Capital Partners Inc. (Ron Loudoun) Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 6,000,000 8.24 Common HRE Scientific Holdings Ltd. (Robert Holcomb) Sarasota, CA 10,000,000 13.73 15 Table of Contents __________ (1) (2) Mr. Loudoun was appointed CEO and director of the Company on July 3, 2023. Mr. Harris was appointed President and Director on October 1, 2020. (3) Mr. Flamini was appointed CFO of the Company on March 18, 2024. (4) Mr. Govindji was appointed a director on October 25, 2023. (5) Mr. Grier was appointed a director on July 28, 2022. Mr. Grier resigned on December 2, 2024. (6) Mr. Mardikian is a Director of Regreen Technologies Inc. The number of shares beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or dispositive power as well as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date through the exercise of any stock option, warrants or other rights. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares of common stock held by that person. The percentage of shares beneficially owned is computed on the basis of 72,810,382 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of this annual report. The following table sets forth, as of October 22, 2024, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our Preferred Stock: Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Preferred A Vision Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. 317 Madison Avenue, Suite 1220, New York, NY 7,774 100 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company entered into a services agreement with the CEO and director of a wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby the Company agreed to issue 200,000 common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 2.10 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 420,000. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company entered into a services agreement with the Vice President of a wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby the Company agreed to issue 200,000 common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 2.33 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 466,000. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Vice President received 12,000 cash for services rendered. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company entered into a services agreement with the Chief Operating Officer of a wholly-owned subsidiary, whereby the Company agreed to issue 90,000 common shares. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.25 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 22,500. The COO was entitled to invoice the Company for 12,500 for services for the month of January, 2023. The services agreement was terminated effective February 1, 2023 and the COO has not invoiced the subsidiary for any services. 16 Table of Contents During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued 100,000 common shares to the Corporate Communications Officer pursuant to an agreement dated January 1, 2021. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.05 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 5,000. This agreement was terminated effective August 31, 2022. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued 2,000,000 common shares to the President in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.21 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 420,000. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued 1,000,000 common shares to the former CEO of a wholly owned subsidiary in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.21 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 210,000. During the year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued 75,000 common shares to a director of the Company in exchange for services. The shares were valued based on the closing stock price of 0.17 on the date of the agreement, for total non-cash compensation of 12,750. As of August 31, 2024, the Company owes 41,674 (August 31, 2023 - 127,011) to the CEO for cash advanced to the Company for working capital. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no terms of repayment. As of August 31, 2024, the Company owes 1,441 (August 31, 2023 - 9,750) to the CEO of a wholly-owned subsidiary for cash advanced to the Company for working capital. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no terms of repayment. As of August 31, 2024, the company owes 2,510,500 (August 31, 2023 - 0) to a Director for cash advanced to the Company to pay for the Financial Guarantee Insurance on the 195M Zanzibar Clean Energy Park Loan Facility. The debt is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is to be repaid within 30 days or when the loan closes plus a transaction fee of 1,500,000. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 120,000 in fees to the CEO of the Company and repaid 120,000. The Company owes 90,000 to the CEO at August 31, 2024 90,000 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 30,00 in fees to the President and repaid 30,500. The Company owes 84,500 to the President at August 31, 2024 86,500 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 45,000 in fees to the CEO of a wholly owned subsidiary. The Company owes 125,000 to the CEO at August 31, 2024 90,000 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 15,000 in fees to the former Chief Financial Officer and repaid 5,000. The Company owes 18,750 to the Chief Financial Officer at August 31, 2024 10,750 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 12,000 in fees to the Corporate Secretary and repaid 4,000. The Company owes 18,700 to the Corporate Secretary at August 31, 2024 11,500 August 31, 2023). During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company accrued 126,000 in compensation to the new CFO. The Company owes 126,000 to the CFO at August 31, 2024. 17 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 2024 2023 Audit Fees 53,875 25,000 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Audit fees represent fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under audit fees. Tax fees represent professional services rendered by the accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All other fees represent fees billed for products and services provided by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other three categories. 18 Table of Contents Part IV Item 15. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Incorporated by Reference Filed Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 10-KSB 3.1 12/14/2005 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 3.1 08/16/2005 3.3 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 10-KSB 3.1 11/28/2006 3.4 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation indicating name change and forward stock split 8-K 3.1 09/15/2021 4.1 Form of Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 8-K 10.3 04/14/2006 4.2 Form of Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 8-K 10.3 01/18/2007 4.3 Form of Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 8-K 10.3 11/07/2007 4.4 Form of Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 8-K 10.3 05/30/2008 4.5 Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 21, 2022. 8-K 4.16 02/03/2022 10.1 Exclusive Technology Licensing and Distribution Agreement for the Island of Jamaica dated February 24, 2021. 8-K 10.1 03/17/2021 10.2 Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Country of Jamaica dated March 5, 2021 8-K 10.2 03/17/2021 10.3 Exclusive Technology Licensing and Distribution Agreement for the Province of Alberta dated March 1, 2021 8-K 10.3 03/17/2021 10.4 Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Province of Alberta dated March 5, 2021 8-K 10.4 03/17/2021 10.5 Effective November 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive Licensing Agreement and Promissory Note with Corporate Guarantee with Albert Mardikian, Regreen Technologies Inc. and Global Sustainable Technologies Inc. 8-K 10.1 11/15/2021 10.6 Employment Agreement with Kermit Harris naming him President of the Registrant dated October 1, 2020, S-1 10.6 03/03/2022 10.7 Service Agreement with Lisa Thompson as corporate Secretary dated October 3, 2020 S-1 10.7 03/03/2022 10.8 Consulting Agreement with Heidi Thomasen dated January 1, 2021 S-1 10.8 03/03/2022 10.9 Agreement with Rachel Boulds, CPA as contracted Chief Financial Officer dated January 16, 2021 S-1 10.9 03/03/2022 10.10 Agreement with Dan Claycamp appointing him as Chief Operating Officer dated February 1, 2021 S-1 10.10 03/03/2022 10.11 Stock Cancellation Agreement dated January 13, 2022 8-K 10.12 02/03/2022 10.12 Loan/Convertible Debenture dated January 11, 2022 S-1 10.12 06/02/2022 10.13 Uganda Investment Authority Investment License dated November 5, 2021 S-1 10.13 06/02/2022 10.14 Supply and Installation Contract for Green Hygienics Holdings Inc. dated January 12, 2022 S-1 10.14 06/02/2022 10.15 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Albert Mardikian 8-K 10.1 08/10/2022 10.16 Addendum to Common Stock Purchase Agreement 8-K 10.2 08/10/2022 10.17 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Alpha Ventures LLC 8-K 10.1 08/24/2022 10.18 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Garan SAS Di Serapian Aradavast Carlo Co. 8-K 10.1 09/22/2022 10.19 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Hagop Istanboulli 8-K 10.2 09/22/2022 10.20 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Rafi Istanboulli 8-K 10.3 09/22/2022 10.21 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Chant Istanboulli 8-K 10.4 09/22/2022 10.22 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and Jack Koumjian 8-K 10.5 09/22/2022 14.1 Code of Ethics 10-K 14.1 12/14/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 10-K 21.1 12/14/2022 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 10-K 31.1 12/14/2022 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 10-K 31.2 12/14/2022 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 10-K 32.1 12/14/2022 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 10-K 32.2 12/14/2022 99.5 Audit Committee Charter 10-K 99.5 12/14/2022 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. x 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. x 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. x 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. x 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. x 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. x 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) x Item 16. Form 10-K Summary We have elected to not provide information under this Item. 19 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ASTRA ENERGY INC. /s/ Ronald Loudoun December 16, 2024 Ronald Loudoun Date CEO /s/ Claudio Flamini December 16, 2024 Claudio Flamini Date CFO Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Kermit Harris December 16, 2024 Kermit Harris Date President and Director /s/ Robert Holcomb December 16, 2024 Robert Holcomb Date Director /s/ Jayanti Govindji December 16, 2024 Jayanti Govindji Date Director 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 asre_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asre_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Ronald Loudoun, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Astra Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 16, 2024 /s/ Ronald Loudoun Ronald Loudoun CEO and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 asre_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asre_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Claudio Flamini, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Astra Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 16, 2024 /s/ Claudio Flamini Claudio Flamini Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 asre_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asre_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Ronald Loudoun, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Astra Energy, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Astra Energy, Inc. Date: December 16, 2024 /s/ Ronald Loudoun Ronald Loudoun CEO and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 asre_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 asre_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Claudio Flamini, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Astra Energy, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Astra Energy, Inc. Date: December 16, 2024 /s/ Claudio Flamini Claudio Flamini Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 asre-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 asre-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 asre-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 asre-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

