<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241121_10-K_edgar_data_807882_0000807882-24-000052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17168583</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>312798</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3056957</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6804208</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3604182</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3011414</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000807882-24-000052.hdr.sgml : 20241121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120191845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000807882-24-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JACK IN THE BOX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000807882
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				952698708
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0929

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09390
		FILM NUMBER:		241481747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9357 SPECTRUM CENTER BLVD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123-1516
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8585712121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9357 SPECTRUM CENTER BLVD
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123-1516

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JACK IN THE BOX INC /NEW/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991013

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FOODMAKER INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000807882-24-000052.txt : 20241121

10-K
 1
 jack-20240929.htm
 10-K

jack-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2024 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ________ TO ________. 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by reference to the closing price reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market Composite Transactions as of April 14, 2024, was approximately billion. 
 Number of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of the close of business on November 14, 2024 . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 23 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 42 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 45 
 Signatures 
 46 
 
 1 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 From time to time, we make oral and written forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations regarding future results of operations, economic performance, financial condition, and achievements of Jack in the Box Inc. (the Company ). A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or results. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as anticipate, assume, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, goals, guidance, intend, plan, project, may, should, will, would, and similar expressions. Certain forward-looking statements are included in this Form 10-K, principally in the sections captioned Business, Legal Proceedings, Consolidated Financial Statements, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including statements regarding our strategic plans and operating strategies. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such expectations and forward-looking statements may prove to be materially incorrect due to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. 
 In some cases, information regarding certain important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement appears together with such statement. In addition, the factors described under Risk Factors and Discussion of Critical Accounting Estimates in this Form 10-K, as well as other possible factors not listed, could cause our actual results, economic performance, financial condition or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. As a result, investors should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. The Company is under no obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or otherwise. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 The Company 
 Overview. Jack in the Box Inc. (NASDAQ: JACK), a Delaware corporation (the Company or Jack in the Box ), founded and headquartered in San Diego, California, is a restaurant company that operates and franchises Jack in the Box , one of the nation's largest hamburger chains with approximately 2,200 restaurants across 22 states, and Del Taco , one of the nation s largest Mexican-American quick service restaurants QSR chains with approximately 600 restaurants across 17 states. 
 References to the Company throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made using the first person notations of we , us and our. 
 Restaurant Brands 
 Jack in the Box. Jack in the Box restaurants offer a broad selection of distinctive products including classic burgers like its Jumbo Jack and innovative product lines such as the Buttery Jack and Smash Jack burgers. Jack in the Box also offers quality products such as breakfast sandwiches with freshly cracked eggs, as well as craveable favorites such as tacos, curly fries, egg rolls, specialty sandwiches and real ice cream shakes, among many other items. Jack in the Box allows its guests to customize meals to their tastes and order any product on the menu when they want it, including breakfast at night, or burgers and chicken in the morning. The Jack in the Box trademark of variety and innovation has led to the development of five true day parts: breakfast, lunch, snack, dinner, and late night. 
 Jack in the Box opened its first restaurant in 1951 and has since become one of the nation s largest hamburger chains. Based on number of restaurants, the top 10 major markets of Jack in the Box comprise approximately 70 of the total system, and Jack in the Box is at least the third largest QSR hamburger chain in each of those major markets. As of September 29, 2024, Jack in the Box operated and franchised 2,191 quick-service restaurants, primarily in the western and southern United States, including two in Guam and two in Mexico. Of those total Jack in the Box restaurants at fiscal year-end, 2,041, or 93 , were franchised. 
 Del Taco. Del Taco offers a unique variety of both Mexican and American favorites such as burritos and fries, prepared fresh in every restaurant's kitchen with the value and convenience of a drive-thru. Del Taco's menu items taste better because they are made with quality ingredients like freshly grilled chicken and carne asada steak, fresh house-made guacamole, freshly grated cheddar cheese, slow-cooked beans made from scratch, and creamy Queso Blanco. 
 Founded in 1964, today Del Taco serves more than three million guests each week at its restaurants. Del Taco s commitment to providing guests with the best quality and value for their money originates from cooking, chopping, shredding, and grilling menu items from scratch. As of September 29, 2024, Del Taco operated and franchised 594 restaurants. Of those total Del Taco restaurants at fiscal year-end, 461, or 78 , were franchised. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our strategies are rooted in two foundational principles: 
 Shape a High-Performance Culture - When we serve our people and our franchisees well, we will maximize the guest experience for all who interact with the brand. 
 Leverage Innovation and Technology Platforms - Taking our history of strong innovation on menu and operations and placing that same forward thinking on digital and technology development. 
 We use these principles as a guide while executing on our four strategic pillars: 
 Build Brand Loyalty by transforming our restaurant design, improving the image of existing restaurants, and enhancing the digital experience for our guests. 
 Drive Operations Excellence by evolving training efforts in our restaurants, execution of our brand standard systems, and improving speed and consistency. 
 Grow Restaurant Profits by developing and implementing financial fundamentals, influencing pricing with a dynamic model, and building our data advantage. 
 Expand Our Brands Reach by creating modular and flexible restaurant designs, building company-operated stores to help seed growth, and increasing franchise candidate and restaurant site lead generations. 
 3 

This strategy builds on our historical strengths with our Jack in the Box and Del Taco differentiated, challenger brands. Those strengths include our uniquely broad menus, operational capabilities, passionate and loyal guests, committed team members and franchisees, and ability to invest in development and innovation that will deliver long term growth. 
 Del Taco Refranchising Strategy 
 In fiscal year 2024, we continued our refranchising strategy with three main intentions. First, to create a company-wide asset-light model that will benefit from mitigating exposure to macroeconomic pressures; second, to generate incremental development agreements throughout the refranchising process that provide a more robust unit growth pipeline than otherwise achievable; and third, to provide a more efficient capital structure. 
 Our objective is to be asset-light as we navigate market forces. We refranchised 47 Del Taco restaurants in fiscal year 2024, and 111 Del Taco restaurants in 2023. In connection with the 2024 refranchising, we added 42 new development commitments. Throughout 2025, we will continue refranchising and adjust the rate, pace and sequence of those efforts to balance the impact to earnings. 
 Franchising Program 
 Jack in the Box. The franchise agreement generally provides for an initial franchise fee of 50,000 per restaurant for a 20-year term, and royalty and marketing payments generally set at 5.0 of gross sales. Royalty rates are typically 5.0 of gross sales with some legacy agreements at higher rates. Some existing agreements provide for lower royalties for a limited time and may have variable rates. We may offer development agreements to franchisees (referred to in this context as Developers for construction of one or more new restaurants over a defined period of time and in a defined geographic area. Developers may be required to pay fees for certain company-sourced new sites. Developers may lose their rights to future development if they do not maintain the required opening schedule. To stimulate growth, we have offered an incentive program that provides discounted royalty fees for franchisees who maintain development compliance and sign a Development Agreement for a minimum of three restaurants to be developed and opened under the development schedule during the timeframe specified under the Development Agreement. 
 Del Taco. The franchise agreement provides for an initial franchise fee of 35,000 per restaurant for a 20-year term, and royalty and marketing payments generally set at 5.0 and 4.0 , respectively, of gross sales. Some existing agreements provide for lower royalties for a limited time and may have variable rates. We may offer development agreements to franchisees for construction of one or more new restaurants over a defined period of time and in a defined geographic area. Developers may be required to pay fees for certain company-sourced new sites. Developers may lose their rights to future development if they do not maintain the required opening schedule. To stimulate growth, we have offered an incentive program that provides discounted royalty fees for multi-unit franchisees who agree to develop multiple restaurants pursuant to a Development Agreement in certain markets we have identified for further development and that we deem, in our sole determination, to be undeveloped, underdeveloped, or emerging in terms of the Del Taco brand s market penetration; it is not available in markets we deem to be mature in terms of the Del Taco brand s market penetration. 
 
 Site Selection and Design 
 Site selection for all new Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurants is made after an economic analysis and a review of demographic data and other information relating to population density, traffic, competition, restaurant visibility and access, available parking, surrounding businesses, and opportunities for market penetration. New restaurants developed by franchisees are built to brand standards that we have approved. 
 Jack in the Box offers three prototypical CRAVED image restaurant designs, and Del Taco offers three prototypical Fresh Flex image restaurant designs, each that feature the same kitchen engine but different dining room configurations to provide maximum flexibility when considering properties for development. This flexibility enables the Company and franchisees to optimize the layout and configuration of a new restaurant with the property s specific economic, demographic, geographic, or physical characteristics. Included in the prototype offering is an off-premise-only restaurant, which is designed to meet the continued increasing demand for drive-thru service and digital ordering. The prototype portfolios are designed for free-standing locations but can be adapted to fit in a variety of spaces such as conversions, c-stores, travel plazas, and end-cap locations. 
 The Jack in the Box restaurants are approximately 1,372 square feet, the restaurant can support a Y-Lane drive-thru configuration, provides a walk-up window for ordering, dual assembly kitchens, and a dedicated pick-up window for mobile and third-party delivery orders. The goal of this design is to reduce build out costs, while also increasing real estate flexibility. In addition, an approximate 2,003 square foot, 22-seat dining room building, and an approximate 2,450 square foot 50-seat dining room building designs are available. 
 4 

The Del Taco restaurants are approximately 1,152 square feet, the restaurant can support a Y-Lane drive-thru configuration, provides a walk-up window for ordering and a dedicated pick-up window or lockers for mobile and third-party delivery orders. The goal of this design is to reduce build out costs, while also increasing real estate flexibility. In addition, an approximate 2,021 square-foot, 34-seat dining room building, and an approximate 2,304 square-foot 48-seat dining room building designs are available. 
 
 Restaurant Management and Operations 
 Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurants are operated by a company manager or franchise operator who is directly responsible for the operations of the restaurant, including product quality, service, food safety, cleanliness, inventory, cash control, and the conduct and appearance of employees. We focus on attracting, selecting, engaging, and retaining employees and franchisees who share our passion for creating long-lasting, successful restaurants. 
 At both brands, company-operated restaurant managers are supervised by district managers, who are overseen by director of operations, who report to vice president of operations. 
 Jack in the Box. Restaurant managers are required to complete an extensive management training program involving a combination of in-restaurant instruction and on-the-job training in specially designated training restaurants. Restaurant managers and supervisory personnel train other restaurant employees in accordance with detailed procedures and guidelines using training aids available at each location. 
 Del Taco. Restaurant managers, assistant managers, shift managers and team leaders are certified through a series of online and on the job training modules. Every team member receives training modules focused on helping the team member clearly understand the brand and their role as well as modules focusing on the specifics of how to provide a consistent customer experience, how to complete specific tasks for their assigned position and ensure food safety. The training program is a blended learning approach including e-learning courses, hands-on exercises, and online knowledge validation tests. Before certification, shift managers attend a 2-hour virtual training, assistant managers attend a 1-day in person class and general managers attend a 2 day in-person class, all led by the training department or certified trainer. 
 Food Safety 
 Our farm-to-fork food safety program is designed to maintain high standards for the food products and food preparation procedures used by our vendors and in our restaurants. We maintain product specifications for our ingredients and our Food Safety and Technical Services Department must approve all suppliers of food products to our restaurants. We use third-party and internal audits to review the food safety management programs of our vendors. We manage food safety in our restaurants through a comprehensive food safety management program that is based on the Food and Drug Administration FDA Food Code requirements. The food safety management program includes employee training, ingredient testing, documented restaurant practices, and attention to product safety at each stage of the food preparation cycle. In addition, our food safety management program uses American National Standards Institute certified food safety training programs to train our company and franchise restaurant management employees on food safety practices for our restaurants. 
 Supply Chain 
 At both brands, we contract with a single primary food service distributor for substantially all of our food and supplies. Under the current contracts, this distributor will provide distribution services to both our Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurants through August 2027. 
 The primary commodities purchased by Jack in the Box restaurants are beef, poultry, pork, cheese, and produce. Taco meat is the largest commodity purchased by Del Taco. We monitor and purchase commodities in order to minimize the impact of fluctuations in price and supply. Contracts are entered into and commodity market positions may be secured when we consider them to be advantageous. However, certain commodities remain subject to price fluctuations. Most, if not all, essential food and beverage products are available or can be made available upon short notice from alternative qualified suppliers. 
 Information Systems 
 Our Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurant software allows for daily polling of sales, inventory, and other data from the restaurants directly. Our company restaurants and traditional-site franchise restaurants use standardized Android and Windows-based touch screen point-of-sale POS platforms. These platforms allow the restaurants to accept cash, credit cards, and our re-loadable gift cards. The single POS system for all restaurants helps franchisees and brand managers adapt more quickly to meet consumer demands and introduce new products, pricing, promotions, and technologies such as the Jack in the Box and Del Taco mobile apps, third party delivery, or any other business-driving initiative while maintaining a secure, PCI-compliant payment system. We also provide an ordering website and integrated mobile app featuring a full array of capabilities including full menu ordering, customization options, location finder, product and restaurant information, flexible delivery or pickup options and an integrated loyalty program. 
 5 

We have business intelligence systems that provide us with visibility to the key metrics in the operation of Jack in the Box and Del Taco company and franchise restaurants. These systems play an integral role in enabling us to accumulate and analyze market information. Our restaurants use labor scheduling systems to assist managers in managing labor hours based on forecasted sales volumes. We also have inventory management systems that enable timely and accurate deliveries of food and packaging to our restaurants. To support order accuracy and speed of service, our Jack in the Box drive-thru restaurants use order confirmation screens. 
 Advertising and Promotion 
 Our brands run highly coordinated marketing and advertising campaigns to create customer awareness, engage fans, and maximize positive brand associations. We build brand awareness and drive sales through our marketing and advertising programs. These activities are supported primarily by financial contributions to a marketing fund from all company and franchise restaurants based on a percentage of gross sales. We use multiple marketing channels to broadly drive brand awareness, which include, but are not limited to, television, connected TV, radio, digital and social media, outdoor and direct mail. We may utilize local radio, print, internet advertising, and billboards for some of the less developed markets, reaching consumers through our branded mobile app and delivery partnerships. 
 Competition and Markets 
 The restaurant business is highly competitive and is affected by local and national economic conditions, including unemployment levels, population and socioeconomic trends, traffic patterns, local and national competitive changes, changes in consumer dining habits and preferences, and new information regarding diet, nutrition, and health, all of which may affect consumer spending habits. Key elements of competition in the industry are the quality and innovation in the food products offered, price and perceived value, quality of service experience (including technological and other innovations), speed of service, personnel, advertising and other marketing efforts, name identification, restaurant location, and image and attractiveness of the facilities. 
 Each Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurant competes directly and indirectly with a large number of national and regional restaurant chains, some of which have significantly greater financial resources, as well as with locally-owned or independent restaurants in the quick-service and the fast-casual segments, and with other consumer options including grocery and specialty or convenience stores, catering, and delivery services. In selling franchises, we compete with many other restaurant franchisors, some of whom have substantially greater financial resources than we do. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Jack in the Box and Del Taco recognizes and takes care of its employees by paying competitive wages and offering a wide range of benefits and recognition programs. We are proud of our employees, many who began their career in our restaurants as their first entry-level job, are given the opportunity to grow and advance their careers as we invest in their education and career development. 
 As of September 29, 2024, for our combined brands, we had 8,168 employees, of whom 7,542 were restaurant employees, 571 were corporate management and staff, and 55 were field operations management. Most of our employees are paid on an hourly basis, except for district and restaurant managers, and certain restaurant support center management and staff positions. We employ both full-time and part-time restaurant employees in order to provide the flexibility necessary during peak periods of restaurant operations and meet the individual needs of our employees. As of the end of fiscal 2024, approximately 87 of our restaurant employees were part-time. We have not experienced any significant work stoppages. 
 Our Total Rewards framework includes pay and recognition, health and wellness, financial well-being, work/life happiness, culture and community, and learning and development. We take care in providing employees with market-competitive pay and benefits and flexibility with respect to benefit choices. For our company-operated restaurant positions nationwide, positions are assigned to a pay range that best reflects geographic market pricing of similar jobs in the restaurant industry, and additionally for restaurants in CA, pay requirements under AB 1228 regulation. Employees pay is reviewed annually. All restaurant support center positions, and restaurant management positions, including hourly assistant managers and team leaders, are eligible for performance-based cash incentives. Each incentive plan reinforces and rewards individuals for achievement of specific company and/or restaurant business goals. 
 We regularly review the pay of our female and male employees to ensure pay equity for performing equal or substantially similar work. We share the median pay of our male and female employees in various position classifications with the Board of Directors, and we take remedial action as appropriate to ensure pay equity is maintained. 
 6 

We offer a robust benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision insurance and an HMO plan; company-paid basic term life insurance; wellness programs; an employee assistance program EAP life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts FSA and health savings accounts HSA with employer contributions; legal services; pet insurance; and a 401(k) with company matching contributions. In addition, we recognize and support the growth and development of our employees and offer opportunities to participate in internal and external learning programs. We also hold regular restaurant level talent and development planning reviews to assist us with growing our internal restaurant teams. 
 We recognize our responsibility to take the steps necessary to create and maintain a safe and healthy work environment. All of our corporate and restaurant employees may report safety and security issues either through our risk management department or anonymously through our asset protection helpline. Reports are reviewed by our asset protection manager and are addressed appropriately by corporate partners and OSHA, if necessary. All of our corporate and restaurant employees may also report any ethics issues to our ethics hotline. We take every incident and report seriously and have detailed protocols regarding investigation, assessment and correction, safety communications, employee training, and record keeping. 
 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 The JACK IN THE BOX and DEL TACO names and logos are of material importance to us and are registered trademarks and service marks in the United States and elsewhere. In addition, we have registered or applied to register numerous service marks and trade names for use in our businesses, including the Jack in the Box and Del Taco design marks and various product names and designs. Our policy is to pursue registration of our important service marks and trademarks and to vigorously oppose any infringement of them. Generally, with the appropriate renewal and use, the registration of our service marks and trademarks will continue indefinitely. 
 Seasonality 
 Restaurant sales and profitability are subject to seasonal fluctuations because of factors such as vacation and holiday travel, seasonal weather conditions, and weather crises, all of which affect the public s dining habits. 
 Government Regulation 
 Each restaurant is subject to regulation by federal agencies, as well as licensing and regulation by state and local health, sanitation, safety, fire, zoning, building, consumer protection, taxing, and other agencies and departments. Restaurants are also subject to rules and regulations imposed by owners and operators of shopping centers, airports, or other locations where a restaurant is located. Difficulties or failures in obtaining and maintaining any required permits, licenses or approvals, or difficulties in complying with applicable rules and regulations, could result in restricted operations, closures of existing restaurants, delays or cancellations in the opening of new restaurants, increased cost of operations, or the imposition of fines and other penalties. 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing restaurant menu labeling, as well as laws restricting the use of, or requiring disclosures about, certain ingredients used in food sold at our restaurants. We are also subject to federal, state, and local laws governing packaging and service ware. 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises, as well as judicial and administrative interpretations of such laws. Such laws impose registration and disclosure requirements on franchisors in the offer and sale of franchises and may also apply substantive standards to the relationship between franchisor and franchisee, including limitations on the ability of franchisors to terminate franchises and alter franchise arrangements. 
 We are subject to the federal Fair Labor Standards Act and various state laws governing such matters as minimum wages, exempt status classification, overtime, breaks and other working conditions for Company employees. Our franchisees are subject to these same laws. Many of our food service personnel are paid at rates set in relation to the federal and state minimum wage laws and, accordingly, changes in the minimum wage requirements may increase labor costs for us and our franchisees. Federal and state laws may also require us to provide paid and unpaid leave, or healthcare or other employee benefits to our employees, which could result in significant additional expense to us and our franchisees. We are also subject to federal immigration laws requiring compliance with work authorization documentation and verification procedures. 
 We are subject to certain guidelines under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and various state codes and regulations, which require restaurants and our brands to provide full and equal access to persons with certain mental or physical impairments. 
 Our collection or use of personal information about our employees or our guests is regulated at the federal and state levels, including the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA and other similar state and federal laws. 
 7 

Our marketing, advertising, and promotional programs are governed by various federal, state, and local laws and regulations concerning consumer protection, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and other similar state and federal laws. 
 We are also subject to various federal, state, and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. The cost of complying with these laws increases the cost of operating existing restaurants and developing new restaurants. Additional costs relate primarily to the necessity of obtaining more land, landscaping, storm drainage control, and the cost of more expensive equipment necessary to decrease the amount of effluent emitted into the air, ground, and surface waters. 
 In addition to laws and regulations governing restaurant businesses directly, there are also regulations, such as the Food Safety Modernization Act, that govern the practices of food manufacturers and distributors, including our suppliers. 
 We have processes in place to monitor compliance with all applicable laws and regulations governing our Company operations. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s corporate website can be found at www.jackinthebox.com. We make available free of charge at this website (under the caption Investors Financials SEC Filings all of our reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports. These reports are made available on the website as soon as reasonably practicable after their filing with, or furnishing to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC also maintains a website with the address of www.sec.gov that contains our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 We caution you that our business and operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors listed below are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results and from projections in the forward-looking statements contained in this report, in our other filings with the SEC, in our news releases, and in oral statements by our representatives. However, other factors that we do not anticipate or that we do not consider material based on currently available information may also have an adverse effect on our results. 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Industry Conditions 
 Changes in the availability of and the cost of labor could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including those increases triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling and benefits; increased health care and workers compensation insurance costs; increased wages and costs of other benefits necessary to attract and retain high quality employees with the right skill sets and increased wages, benefits and costs and inflationary and other pressure on wages now being experienced. The growth of our business can make it increasingly difficult to locate and hire sufficient numbers of employees, to maintain an effective system of internal controls, and to train employees to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, a shortage of labor for restaurant positions, including due to concerns around and illnesses arising from COVID-19 and its various novel variants and other factors, which could decrease the pool of available qualified talent for key functions and require restaurants to operate on reduced hours. In addition, our wages and benefits programs may be insufficient to attract and retain the top performing employees especially in a rising wage market. 
 Changes in consumer confidence and declines in general economic conditions could negatively impact our financial results. 
 The restaurant industry depends on consumer discretionary spending. We are impacted by consumer confidence, which is, in turn, influenced by general economic conditions and discretionary income levels. A material decline in consumer confidence or a decline in family food away from home spending could cause our financial results to decline. If economic conditions worsen, customer traffic could be adversely impacted if our customers choose to dine out less frequently or reduce the amount they spend on meals while dining out, which could cause our company and our franchised average restaurant sales to decline. An economic downturn may be caused by a variety of factors, such as macro-economic changes, increased unemployment rates, increased taxes, interest rates, or other changes in government fiscal policy. High gasoline prices, increased healthcare costs, declining home prices, and political unrest, foreign or domestic, may potentially contribute to an economic downturn, as may regional or local events, including natural disasters or local regulation. The impact of these factors may be exacerbated by the geographic profile of our brands. Specifically, approximately 70 of our systemwide restaurants are located in the states of California and Texas. Economic conditions, state and local laws, or government regulations affecting those states may therefore more greatly impact our results than would similar occurrences in other locations. 
 8 

Increases in food and commodity costs could decrease our profit margins or result in a modified menu, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We and our franchisees are subject to volatility in food and commodity costs and availability. Accordingly, our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food costs and availability. As is true of all companies in the restaurant industry, we are susceptible to increases in food costs that are outside of our control. Factors that can impact food and commodity costs include general economic conditions, inflation, labor shortages, seasonal fluctuations, weather and climate conditions, energy costs, global demand, trade protections and subsidies, food safety issues, infectious diseases, possible terrorist activity, cyberattacks, transportation issues, currency fluctuations, product recalls, and government regulatory schemes. Additionally, some of our produce, meats, and restaurant supplies are sourced from outside the United States. Any new or increased import duties, tariffs, or taxes, or other changes in U.S. trade or tax policy, could result in higher food and commodity costs that would adversely impact our financial results. 
 Weather and climate related issues, such as freezes or drought, may lead to temporary or even longer-term spikes in the prices of some ingredients such as produce and meats, or of livestock feed. Increasing weather volatility or other long-term changes in global weather patterns, including any changes associated with global climate change, could have a significant impact on the price or availability of some of our ingredients. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as beef, chicken, pork, tomatoes, lettuce, dairy products, and potatoes could adversely affect our financial results. In the event of cost increases with respect to one or more of our raw ingredients, we may choose to change our pricing or suspend serving a menu item rather than paying the increased cost for the particular ingredient. 
 We seek to manage food and commodity costs, including through extended fixed price contracts, strong category and commodity management, and purchasing fundamentals. However, certain commodities such as beef and pork do not lend themselves to fixed price contracts. We cannot assure you that we will successfully enter into fixed price contracts on a timely basis or on commercially favorable pricing terms. In addition, although our produce contracts contain predetermined price limits, we are subject to force majeure clauses resulting from weather or acts of God that may result in temporary spikes in costs. 
 Further, we cannot assure you that we or our franchisees will be able to successfully anticipate and react effectively to changing food and commodity costs by adjusting purchasing practices or menu offerings. We and our franchisees also may not be able to pass along price increases to our customers as a result of adverse economic conditions, competitive pricing, or other factors. Therefore, variability of food and other commodity costs could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 
 Failure to receive scheduled deliveries of high-quality food ingredients and other supplies could harm our operations and reputation. 
 Dependence on frequent deliveries of fresh produce and other food products subjects food service businesses such as ours to the risk that shortages or interruptions in supply could adversely affect the availability, quality or cost of ingredients or require us to incur additional costs to obtain adequate supplies. Deliveries of supplies may be affected by adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, labor shortages, or financial or solvency issues of our distributors or suppliers, product recalls, production disruptions such as mechanical failures, or other issues. Further, increases in fuel prices could result in increased distribution costs. In addition, if any of our distributors, suppliers, vendors, or other contractors fail to meet our quality or safety standards or otherwise do not perform adequately, or if any one or more of them seeks to terminate its agreement or fails to perform as anticipated, or if there is any disruption in any of our distribution or supply relationships or operations for any reason, our business reputation, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially affected. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business, which has affected and could continue to materially affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations for an extended period of time. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, federal, state and local government responses to COVID-19 and our responses to the outbreak have all disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business. Our operating results substantially depend upon our sales volumes, restaurant profitability, and financial stability, and to the extent we and/or our franchisees experience financial distress due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our operating results may be adversely impacted, potentially materially affecting our liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our business has been disrupted and could be further disrupted to the extent our suppliers, distributors, and/or third-party delivery partners are adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. If our suppliers, distributors, and/or third-party delivery partners experience labor shortages or their employees are unable to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, we could face cost increases, shortages of food items, shortages of delivery services, and/or shortages of other supplies across our restaurants, and our results could be adversely impacted by such interruptions. 
 9 

The COVID-19 outbreak also may have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed herein, including, but not limited to, those related to consumer confidence, increase in food and commodity costs, supply chain interruptions, labor availability and cost, cybersecurity incidents, increased indebtedness, regulatory and legal complexity, governmental regulations, and our stock price. 
 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 Inability to attract, train and retain top-performing personnel could adversely impact our financial results or business. 
 We believe that our continued success will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain the services of skilled personnel. The loss of the services of, or our inability to attract and retain, such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, including reduced restaurant operating hours. We believe good managers and crew are a key part of our success, and we devote significant resources to recruiting and training our restaurant managers and crew. We aim to reduce turnover among our restaurant crews and managers in an effort to retain top performing employees and better realize our investment in training new employees. Any failure to do so may adversely impact our operating results by increasing training costs and making it more difficult to deliver outstanding customer service, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs. 
 Labor is a primary component of our operating costs. Increased labor costs due to factors such as competition for workers, labor shortages, labor market pressures, increased minimum wage requirements, paid sick leave or vacation accrual mandates, or other legal or regulatory changes, such as predictive scheduling, may adversely impact operating costs for us and our franchisees. Additional taxes or requirements to incur additional employee benefit costs, including the requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act or any new or replacement healthcare requirements, could also adversely impact our operating costs. 
 The enactment of additional state or local minimum wage increases above federal wage rates or regulations related to non-exempt employees has increased and could continue to increase labor costs for employees across our system-wide operations. Labor related laws enacted at the federal, state, provincial or local level could increase our and our franchisees labor costs and decrease profitability. 
 Unionization activities or labor disputes may disrupt our operations and affect our profitability. 
 Some or all of our employees or our franchisees employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant number of these employees were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different from current compensation arrangements, this could adversely affect our business and financial results or the business and financial results of our franchisees. In addition, a labor dispute or organizing effort involving some or all of our employees or our franchisees employees may harm our brand and reputation. Resolution of such disputes may be costly and time-consuming, and thus increase our costs and distract management resources. 
 Our insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims. 
 We believe that we maintain insurance policies customary for businesses of our size, type, and experience. Historically, through the use of deductibles or self-insurance retentions, we retained a portion of expected losses for our workers compensation, general liability, certain employee medical and dental, employment, property, and other claims. However, there are types of losses that we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure. Such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Restaurant Industry 
 We face significant competition in the food service industry and our inability to compete may adversely affect our business. 
 The food service industry is highly competitive with respect to price, service, location, product offering, image and attractiveness of the facilities, personnel, advertising, brand identification, and food quality. Our competition includes a large number of national and regional restaurant chains, as well as locally owned and independent businesses. In particular, we operate in the quick service restaurant chain segment, in which we face a number of established competitors, as well as frequent new entrants to the segment nationally and in regional markets. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing, technological, personnel, and other resources than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have greater name recognition nationally or in some of the local or regional markets in which we have restaurants. 
 10 

Additionally, the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli, delivery, and restaurant services is increasing the number of our competitors. For example, competitive pressures can come from deli sections and in-store cafes of major grocery store chains, including those targeted at customers who desire high-quality food and convenience, as well as from convenience stores and other dining outlets. These competitors may have, among other things, a more diverse menu, lower operating costs and prices, better locations, better facilities, more effective marketing, and more efficient operations than we do. Such increased competition could decrease the demand for our products and negatively affect our sales, operating results, profits, business and financial position, and prospects (collectively, our financial results ). 
 While we continue to make improvements to our facilities, to implement new service, technology, and training initiatives, and to introduce new products, there can be no assurance that such efforts will generate increased sales or sufficient customer interest. Many of our competitors are remodeling their facilities, implementing service improvements, introducing a variety of new products and service offerings, and advertising that their ingredients are healthier or locally sourced. Such competing products and health- or environmental-focused claims may hurt our competitive positioning as existing or potential customers could seek out other dining options. 
 Changes in demographic trends and in customer tastes and preferences could cause sales and the royalties that we receive from franchisees to decline. 
 Changes in customer preferences, demographic trends, and the number, type, and location of competing restaurants have great impact in the restaurant industry. Our sales and the revenue that we receive from franchisees could be impacted by changes in customer preferences related to dietary concerns, such as preferences regarding calories, sodium content, carbohydrates, fat, additives, and sourcing, or in response to environmental and animal welfare concerns. Such preference changes could result in customers favoring other foods to the exclusion of our menu items. If we fail to adapt to changes in customer preferences and trends, we may lose customers and our sales and the rents, royalties, and marketing fees we receive from franchisees may deteriorate. 
 Negative publicity relating to our business or industry could adversely impact our reputation. 
 Our business can be materially and adversely affected by widespread negative publicity of any type, particularly regarding food quality, food safety, nutritional content, safety or public health issues (such as outbreaks, pandemics, epidemics, or the prospect of any of these), obesity or other health concerns, animal welfare issues, and employee relations issues, among other things. Adverse publicity in these areas could damage the trust customers place in our brands. The increasingly widespread use of mobile devices and social media platforms has amplified the speed and scope of adverse publicity and could hamper our ability to promptly correct misrepresentations or otherwise respond effectively to negative publicity, whether or not accurate. Any widespread negative publicity regarding the Company, our brands, our vendors and suppliers, and our franchisees, or negative publicity about the restaurant industry in general, whether or not accurate, could cause a decline in restaurant sales, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Additionally, employee or customer claims against us or our franchisees based on, among other things, wage and hour violations, discrimination, harassment, or wrongful termination may also create negative publicity that could adversely affect us and divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be focused on the future performance of our operations. Consumer demand for our products could decrease significantly if any such incidents or other matters create negative publicity or otherwise erode consumer confidence in us, our brands or our products, or in the restaurant industry in general. 
 We are also subject to the risk of negative publicity associated with animal welfare regulations and campaigns. Our restaurants utilize ingredients manufactured from beef, poultry, and pork. Our policies require that our approved food suppliers and their raw material providers engage in proper animal welfare practices. Despite our policies and efforts, media reports and portrayals of inhumane acts toward animals by participants in the food supply chain, whether by our suppliers or not, can create a negative opinion or perception of the food industry s animal welfare efforts. Such media reports and negative publicity could impact guest perception of our brands or industry and can have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We may not have the same resources as our competitors for marketing, advertising, and promotion. 
 Some of our competitors have greater financial resources, which enable them to: invest significantly more than us in advertising, particularly television and radio ads, as well as endorsements and sponsorships; have a presence across more media channels; and support multiple system and regional product launches at one time. Should our competitors increase spending on marketing, advertising, and promotion, or should the cost of advertising increase or our advertising funds decrease for any reason (including reduced sales, implementation of reduced spending strategies, or a decrease in the percentage contribution to our marketing funds for any reason), our results of operations and financial condition may be materially impacted. 
 11 

In addition, our financial results may be harmed if our marketing, advertising, and promotional programs are less effective than those of our competitors. The growing prevalence and importance of social media platforms, behavioral advertising, and mobile technology also pose challenges and risks for our marketing, advertising, and promotional strategies; and failure to effectively use and gain traction on these platforms or technologies could cause our advertising to be less effective than our competitors. Moreover, improper or damaging use of social media or mobile technology, including by our employees, franchisees, or guests could increase our costs, lead to litigation, or result in negative publicity, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We may be adversely impacted by severe weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist acts, or civil unrest that could result in property damage, injury to employees and staff, and lost restaurant sales. 
 Food service businesses such as ours can be materially and adversely affected by severe weather conditions, such as severe storms, hurricanes, flooding, prolonged drought, or protracted heat or cold waves, and by natural disasters, such as earthquakes and wildfires, or man-made calamities such as terrorist incidents or civil unrest, and their aftermath. Such occurrences could result in lost restaurant sales, property damage, lost products, interruptions in supply, and increased costs. 
 If systemic or widespread adverse changes in climate or weather patterns occur, we could experience more severe impact, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. The impact of these factors may be exacerbated by our geographic profile, as approximately 70 of our restaurants are located in the states of California and Texas. 
 Risks Relating to Health and Safety 
 Food safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business by reducing demand and increasing costs. 
 Food safety is a top priority for our company, and we expend significant resources on food safety programs to ensure that our customers are able to enjoy safe and high-quality food products. These include a daily, structured food safety assessment and documentation process at our restaurants, and periodic third-party and internal audits to review the food safety performance of our vendors, distributors, and restaurants. Nonetheless, food safety risks cannot be completely eliminated, and food safety and food-borne illness issues do occur in the food service industry. Any report or publicity linking us to instances of food-borne illness or other food safety issues, including issues involving food tampering, natural or foreign objects, or other contaminants or adulterants in our food, could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our financial results. Furthermore, our reliance on food suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne illness incidents could be introduced by third-party vendors outside our direct control. Although we test and audit these activities, we cannot guarantee that all food items are safely and properly maintained during transport or distribution throughout the supply chain. 
 Additionally, past reports linking nationwide or regional incidents of food-borne illnesses such as salmonella, E. coli, and listeria to certain products such as produce and proteins, or human-influenced illness such as hepatitis A or norovirus, have resulted in consumers avoiding certain products and restaurant concepts for a period of time. Similarly, reaction to media-influenced reports of avian flu, incidents of mad cow disease, or similar concerns have also caused some consumers to avoid products that are, or are suspected of being, affected and could have an adverse effect on the price and availability of affected ingredients. Further, if we react to these problems by changing our menu or other key aspects of the brand experience, we may lose customers who do not accept those changes, and we may not be able to attract enough new customers to generate sufficient revenue to make our restaurants profitable. 
 Our restaurants currently have an ingredient mix that can be exposed to one or more food allergens, such as eggs, wheat, milk, fish, shellfish, tree nuts, peanuts, sesame, and soy. We employ precautionary allergen training steps for food handlers in order to minimize risk of allergen cross contamination, and we post allergen information on nutritional posters in our restaurants or otherwise make such information available to guests upon request. Even with such precautionary measures, the potential risk of allergen cross contamination exists in a restaurant environment. A potentially serious allergic reaction by a guest may result in adverse public communication, media coverage, a decline in restaurant sales, and a material decline in our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Our Business Model and Strategy 
 We may not achieve our development goals. 
 We intend to grow Jack in the Box and Del Taco primarily through new restaurant development by franchisees, both in existing markets and in new markets. Development involves substantial risks, including the risk of: 
 the inability to identify suitable franchisees; 
 limited availability of financing for the Company and for franchisees at acceptable rates and terms; 
 development costs exceeding budgeted or contracted amounts; 
 the negative impact of any re-imaging strategy if not adopted by franchisees or embraced by guests; 
 12 

delays in completion of construction or shortages of any equipment or construction materials; 
 competition for quality cost-efficient property that has a favorable zoning classification allowing drive-thru sales; 
 negative impact of delays due to lengthy supply chain lead times for building components and systems; 
 negative impact of delays due to longer timelines for permit review and field inspections with the municipal agencies; 
 negative impact of delays due to longer than usual design, permitting, approval, procurement, and field installation timelines for utility service providers to supply primary services on new restaurant development projects (i.e., electrical, gas, sewer, water, etc.) 
 the inability to identify, or the unavailability of suitable sites at acceptable cost and other leasing or purchase terms; 
 developed properties not achieving desired revenue or cash flow levels once opened; 
 the negative impact of a new restaurant upon sales at nearby existing restaurants; 
 the challenge of developing in areas where competitors are more established or have greater penetration or access to suitable development sites; 
 incurring substantial unrecoverable costs in the event a development project is abandoned prior to completion; 
 impairment charges resulting from underperforming restaurants or decisions to curtail or cease investment in certain locations or markets; 
 in new geographic markets where we have limited or no existing locations, the inability to successfully expand or acquire critical market presence for our brands, acquire name recognition, successfully market our products, or attract new customers; 
 operating cost levels that reduce the demand for, or raise the cost of, developing new restaurants; 
 the challenge of identifying, recruiting, and training qualified franchisees or company restaurant management; 
 Although we manage our growth and development activities to help reduce such risks, we cannot assure that our present or future growth and development activities will perform in accordance with our expectations. Our inability to expand in accordance with our plans or to manage the risks associated with our growth could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The continued integration of the Jack in the Box and Del Taco businesses may be more difficult, time consuming, or costly than expected. 
 The combination of two independent businesses can be complex, costly, and time-consuming, and it may divert significant management attention and resources. This process may disrupt our business or otherwise impact our ability to compete. The failure to realize the anticipated benefits of integrating the two businesses could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The overall combination of the Jack in the Box and Del Taco businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and impacts, and loss of customer and other business relationships. The difficulties of combining the operations include, among others: 
 difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including intellectual property and communications systems, administrative and information technology infrastructure, supplier and vendor arrangements and financial reporting and internal control systems; 
 challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting policies and business cultures; 
 differences in control environments and cultures; 
 difficulties in integrating and aligning policies, principles and practices; 
 alignment of key performance measurements may result in a greater need to communicate and manage clear expectations while we work to integrate and align policies and practices; 
 difficulties in integrating employees and attracting and retaining key personnel; 
 challenges in retaining existing customers and obtaining new customers; 
 difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, accretion targets, business opportunities, financing plans and growth prospects from the combination; and 
 difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company. 
 Additionally, uncertainties over the integration process could cause customers, suppliers, distributors, and others to seek to change or cancel our existing business relationships or to refuse to renew existing relationships. Competitors may also target our existing customers by highlighting potential uncertainties and integration difficulties. 
 Some of these factors are outside our control, and any one of them could result in lower revenues, higher costs, and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Our highly-franchised business model presents a number of risks, and the failure of our franchisees to operate successful and profitable restaurants could negatively impact our business. 
 As of September 29, 2024, approximately 93 of our Jack in the Box restaurants and 78 of Del Taco restaurants were franchised; therefore, our success increasingly relies on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees, yet we have limited influence over their operations. Our income arises from two sources: fees from franchised restaurants (e.g., royalties and rent based on a percentage of sales) and, to a lesser degree, profit from our remaining Company-operated restaurants. Our franchisees manage their businesses independently, and therefore are responsible for the day-to-day operation of their restaurants. The revenues we realize from franchised restaurants are largely dependent on the ability of our franchisees to grow their sales. If our franchisees do not experience sales growth, our revenues and margins could be negatively affected as a result. Also, if sales trends worsen for franchisees, their financial results may deteriorate, which could result in, among other things, franchisee bankruptcies, restaurant closures, or delayed or reduced payments to us. Our success also increasingly depends on the willingness and ability of our independent franchisees to implement shared strategies and major initiatives, which may include financial investment, and to remain aligned with us on operating and promotional plans. Franchisees ability to contribute to the achievement of our plans is dependent in large part on the availability to them of funding at reasonable interest rates and may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in general or by the credit worthiness of our franchisees or the Company. As small businesses, some of our franchise operators may be negatively and disproportionately impacted by strategic initiatives, capital requirements, inflation, labor costs, employee relations issues, or other causes. In addition, franchisees business obligations may not be limited to the operation of restaurants, making them subject to business and financial risks unrelated to the operation of our restaurants. These unrelated risks could adversely affect a franchisee s ability to make payments to us or to make payments on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that our franchisees will successfully participate in our strategic or marketing initiatives or operate their restaurants in a manner consistent with our requirements, standards, and expectations. As compared to some of our competitors, our brands have relatively fewer franchisees who, on average, operate more restaurants per franchisee. There are significant risks to our business if a franchisee, particularly one who operates a large number of restaurants, encounters financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, or fails to adhere to our standards, projecting an image inconsistent with our brands or negatively impacting our financial results. 
 We are subject to financial and regulatory risks associated with our owned and leased properties and real estate development projects. 
 We own or lease the real properties on which most of our restaurants are located and lease or sublease to the franchisee a majority of our franchised restaurant sites. If we close a restaurant in a leased location, we may remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Additionally, the potential losses associated with our inability to cancel leases may result in our keeping open restaurant locations that are performing significantly below targeted levels. As a result, ongoing lease obligations at closed or underperforming restaurant locations could unfavorably impact our results of operations. In addition, at the end of the lease term and expiration of all renewal periods, we may be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. As a result, we may be required to close or relocate a restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks and may have an adverse effect on our operating performance. 
 We have a limited number of suppliers for our major products and rely on a distribution network with a limited number of distribution partners for the majority of our national distribution program. If our suppliers or distributors are unable to fulfill their obligations under their contracts, it could harm our operations. 
 We contract with a distribution network with a limited number of distribution partners located throughout the nation to provide the majority of our food distribution services. Through these arrangements, our food supplies are largely distributed through several primary distributors. If any of these relationships are interrupted or terminated, or if one or more supply or distribution partners are unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations for whatever reasons, product availability to our restaurants may be interrupted, and business and financial results may be negatively impacted. Although we believe that alternative supply and distribution sources are available, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify or negotiate with such sources on terms that are commercially reasonable to us. 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Increasing regulatory and legal complexity may adversely affect restaurant operations and our financial results. 
 Our regulatory environment exposes us to complex compliance and similar risks that could affect our operations and results in material ways. In many of our markets, we are subject to increasing regulation, which has increased our cost of doing business. We are affected by the cost, compliance and other risks associated with the often conflicting and highly prescriptive regulations, including where inconsistent standards imposed by multiple governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. 
 14 

Our success depends in part on our ability to manage the impact of new, potential or changing regulations that can affect our business plans and operations. These include regulations affecting product packaging, marketing, the nutritional content and safety of our food and other products, labeling and other disclosure practices. Compliance efforts with those regulations may be affected by the need to comply with different, potentially conflicting laws in different jurisdictions, and the need to rely on the accuracy and completeness of information from third-party suppliers (particularly given varying requirements and practices for testing and disclosure). 
 Regulatory bodies may enact new laws or promulgate new regulations that are adverse to our business, or they may view matters or interpret laws and regulations differently than they have in the past or in a manner adverse to our business. These new laws or regulations could negatively impact our financial results or affect restaurant operations. 
 Governmental regulation, including in one or more of the following areas, may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to profitably operate our restaurants. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act and Similar State Laws 
 We are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations, and other areas. The expenses associated with any modifications we may be required to undertake with respect to our restaurants or services, or any damages, legal fees, and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the Americans with Disabilities Act or similar state laws, could be material. 
 Consumer Protection and Privacy Laws 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations concerning consumer protection and privacy as it relates to our marketing, advertising, and promotional programs, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. Any damages, legal fees, or costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under any such law could be material. 
 Food Regulation 
 The Food Safety Modernization Act granted the U.S. Food and Drug Administration new authority regarding the safety of the entire food system, including through increased inspections and mandatory food recalls. Although restaurants are not directly implicated by these requirements, our suppliers may initiate or otherwise be subject to food recalls or other consequences impacting the availability of certain products, which could result in adverse publicity, or require us to take actions that could be costly for us or otherwise impact our business and financial results. 
 Local Licensure, Zoning, and Other Regulation 
 Each of our restaurants is subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, food, and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties, delays, or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied requirements of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use, and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. 
 Environmental Laws 
 We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants. If and to the extent any hazardous or toxic substances are present on or adjacent to any of our restaurant locations, we believe any such contamination would be the responsibility of one or more third parties and would have been or should be addressed by the responsible party. If the relevant third parties have not or do not address the identified contamination properly or completely, then under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable as an owner or operator to address any remaining contamination, sometimes without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances. Any such liability could be material. Further, we may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at our properties, and any such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We also cannot predict what environmental laws or laws regarding packaging will be enacted in the future, how existing or future environmental or packaging laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need to make to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, such laws. 
 15 

Employment and Immigration Laws 
 We and our franchisees are subject to the federal labor laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, as well as various state and local laws governing such matters as minimum wages, exempt status classification, overtime, breaks, schedules, and other working conditions for employees. Federal, state, and local laws may also require us to provide paid and unpaid leave, healthcare, or other benefits to our employees. Changes in the law, or penalties associated with any failure on our part to comply with legal requirements, could increase our labor costs or result in significant additional expense to us and our franchisees. 
 States in which we operate may adopt new immigration laws or enforcement programs, and the U.S. Congress and the Department of Homeland Security from time to time consider and may implement changes to federal immigration laws, regulations, or enforcement programs. Such changes and enforcement programs may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to additional costs and make our hiring process more cumbersome. Although we require all workers to provide us with government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. All of our Company employees currently participate in the E-Verify program, an Internet-based, free program run by the United States government to verify employment eligibility. However, use of the E-Verify program does not guarantee that we will successfully identify all applicants who are ineligible for employment. Unauthorized workers are subject to deportation and may subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of our employees or our franchisees employees are found to be unauthorized, we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brands and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. Termination of a significant number of employees who are found to be unauthorized workers may disrupt operations, cause temporary increases in labor costs to train new employees, and result in additional adverse publicity. We could also become subject to fines, penalties, and other costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all record keeping obligations of federal and state immigration compliance laws. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results. 
 Franchising Activities 
 Our franchising activities in the United States are subject to federal regulations administered by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, laws enacted by a number of states, and rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In particular, we are subject to federal and state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises, as well as judicial and administrative interpretations of such laws. Such laws impose registration and disclosure requirements on franchisors in the offer and sale of franchises and may also apply substantive standards to the relationship between franchisor and franchisee, including limitations on the ability of franchisors to terminate franchises and alter franchise arrangements. We also have franchising activities in Mexico, which are subject to regulations in that jurisdiction. Failure to comply with new or existing franchise laws, rules, and regulations in any jurisdiction or to obtain required government approvals could negatively affect our ability to grow or expand our franchise business and sell franchises. 
 The proliferation of federal, state, and local regulations increases our compliance risks, which in turn could adversely affect our business. 
 The restaurant and retail industries are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including regulations relating to: 
 the preparation, ingredients, labeling, packaging, advertising, and sale of food and beverages; 
 building and zoning requirements; 
 sanitation and safety standards; 
 employee healthcare, including the implementation and legal, regulatory, and cost implications of the Affordable Care Act; 
 labor and employment, including minimum wage adjustments, overtime, working conditions, employment eligibility and documentation, sick leave, and other employee benefit and fringe benefit requirements, and changing judicial, administrative, or regulatory interpretations of federal or state labor laws; 
 the registration, offer, sale, termination, and renewal of franchises; 
 Americans with Disabilities Act; 
 payment cards; 
 climate change, including regulations related to the potential impact of greenhouse gases, water consumption, or taxes on carbon emissions; and 
 consumer protection and privacy obligations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, and other new or proposed federal and state regulations. 
 16 

The increasing amount and complexity of regulations and their interpretation may increase the costs to us and our franchisees of labor and compliance and increase our exposure to legal and regulatory claims which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business. While we strive to comply with all applicable existing rules and regulations, we cannot predict the effect on our operations from modifications to the language or interpretations of existing requirements, or to the issuance of new or additional requirements in the future. 
 Legislation and regulations regarding our products and ingredients, including the nutritional content of our products, could impact customer preferences and negatively impact our financial results. 
 Changes in government regulation and consumer eating habits may impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu offerings or require us to disclose the nutritional content of our menu offerings. For example, a number of states, counties, and cities have enacted menu labeling laws requiring multi-unit restaurant operators to disclose certain nutritional information to customers or have enacted legislation restricting the use of certain types of ingredients in restaurants. Furthermore, the Affordable Care Act requires chain restaurants to publish calorie information on their menus and menu boards. These and other requirements may increase our expenses, slow customers ordering process, or negatively influence the demand for our offerings; all of which can impact sales and profitability. 
 Compliance with current and future laws and regulations in a number of areas, including with respect to ingredients, nutritional content of our products, and packaging and service ware may be costly and time-consuming. Additionally, if consumer health regulations change significantly, we may be required to modify our menu offerings or packaging, and as a result, may experience higher costs or reduced demand associated with such changes. Some government authorities are increasing regulations regarding trans-fats and sodium. While we have removed all artificial or added during manufacturing trans fats from our ingredients, some ingredients have naturally occurring trans-fats. Future requirements limiting trans-fats or sodium content may require us to change our menu offerings or switch to higher cost ingredients. These actions may hinder our ability to operate in some markets or to offer our full menu in these markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we fail to comply with such laws and regulations, our business could also experience a material adverse effect. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to successfully implement our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos, our strategy, and the ambiance of our restaurants. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes our intellectual property, either in print or on the Internet or a social media platform, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. 
 We franchise our brands to various franchisees. While we try to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by all franchisees, we cannot assure that all franchisees will uphold brand standards so as not to harm the value of our intellectual property or our reputation. 
 We are subject to increasing legal complexity and may be subject to claims or lawsuits that are costly to defend and could result in our payment of substantial damages or settlement costs. 
 We are subject to complaints or litigation brought by current or former employees, customers, current or former franchisees, vendors, landlords, shareholders, competitors (e.g., intellectual property related claims), government agencies, or others. A judgment that is not covered by insurance or that is significantly in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could materially adversely affect our financial results. In addition, regardless of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend, and may divert management s attention away from our operations and hurt our performance. Further, adverse publicity resulting from claims against us or our franchisees may harm our business or that of our franchisees. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately determine our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, the Company s stockholders could lose confidence in our financial results, which could harm our business and the value of the Company s common shares. 
 17 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in maintaining adequate internal controls over our financial reporting and financial processes in the future. We may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. Furthermore, to the extent our business grows or significantly changes, our internal controls may become more complex, and we would require significantly more resources to ensure our internal controls remain effective. If we or our independent auditors discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market value of the Company s common stock. Additionally, the existence of any material weakness may require management to devote significant time and incur significant expense to remediate any such material weaknesses and management may not be able to remediate any such material weaknesses in a timely manner. 
 Changes in tax laws, interpretations of existing tax law, or adverse determinations by tax authorities could adversely affect our income tax expense and income tax payments. 
 We are subject to income taxation at the federal, state, and local levels in the U.S. Any significant changes in income tax laws, including, but not limited to, income tax rate increases, authoritative interpretations of the tax laws, and/or comprehensive tax reform measures could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may be subject to risk associated with disagreements with key stakeholders, such as franchisees. 
 In addition to shareholders, we have several key stakeholders, including our independent franchise operators. Third parties such as franchisees are not subject to the control of the Company and may take actions or behave in ways that are adverse to the Company. Because the ultimate interests of franchisees and the Company are largely aligned around maximizing restaurant profits, the Company does not believe that any areas of disagreement between the Company and its franchisees are likely to create material risk to the Company or its shareholders. Nevertheless, it is possible that conflict and disagreements with these or other critical stakeholders could distract management or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 Actions of activist stockholders could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 From time to time, we may be subject to proposals by stockholders urging us to take certain corporate actions. If activist stockholder activities ensue, our business could be adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and reacting to other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of management and our employees. For example, we may be required to retain the services of various professionals to advise us on activist stockholder matters, including legal, financial, and communications advisers, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy or leadership created as a consequence of activist stockholder initiatives may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, customers, employees, and joint venture partners, and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation. 
 Risks Related to Information and Technology 
 We are subject to the risk of cybersecurity breaches, intrusions, data loss, or other data security incidents. 
 We and our franchisees rely on computer systems and information technology to conduct our business. We have instituted controls, including information security governance controls that are intended to protect our computer systems, our point of sale POS systems, and our information technology systems and networks; and adhere to payment card industry data security standards and limit third party access for vendors that require access to our restaurant networks. We also have business continuity plans that attempt to anticipate and mitigate failures. However, we cannot control or prevent every cybersecurity risk. 
 A material failure or interruption of service, or a breach in the security of our computer systems caused by malware, ransomware or other attack, could cause reduced efficiency in operations, or other business interruptions; could negatively impact delivery of food to restaurants, or financial functions such as vendor payment, employee payroll and scheduling, franchise operations reporting, or our ability to receive customer payments through our POS or other systems, or could result in the loss or misappropriation of customer or employee data. Such events could negatively impact cash flows or require significant capital investment to rectify; result in damage to our business or reputation or loss of consumer or employee confidence; and lead to potential costs, fines, and litigation. Damage to our business or reputation or loss of consumer confidence may also result from any failure by our franchisees to implement standard computer systems and information technology, as we are dependent on our franchisees to adopt appropriate safeguards. These risks may be magnified by increased and changing regulations. The costs of compliance and risk mitigation planning, including increased investment in technology or personnel in order to protect valuable business or consumer information, have increased significantly in recent years, and may also negatively impact our financial results. 
 18 

Restaurants and other retailers have faced, and we could in the future become subject to, claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information or the loss of personally identifiable information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Any such proceedings could distract our management from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenses. Consumer perception of our brands could also be negatively affected by these events, which could further adversely affect our financial results. 
 We collect and maintain personal information about our employees and our guests and are seeking to provide our guests with new digital experiences. These digital experiences will require us to open up access into our POS systems to allow for capabilities like mobile order and pay, third party delivery, and digital menu boards. The collection and use of personal information are regulated at the federal and state levels; such regulations include the California Consumer Privacy Act. We increasingly rely on cloud computing and other technologies that result in third parties holding significant amounts of customer, employee, and franchisee information on our behalf. There has been an increase over the past several years in the frequency and sophistication of attempts to compromise the security of these types of systems. If the security and information systems that we or our outsourced third-party providers use to store or process such information are compromised or if we, or such third parties, otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could face litigation and the imposition of penalties that could adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation as a brand or as an employer could also be adversely affected by these types of security breaches or regulatory violations, which could impair our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms and technologies to maintain and grow sales, and we cannot predict the impact that these digital commerce platforms and technologies, other new or improved technologies or alternative methods of delivery may have on consumer behavior and our financial results. 
 Advances in technologies, including advances in digital food order and delivery technologies, and changes in consumer behavior driven by such advances could have a negative effect on our business. Technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and we expect that new and enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available in the future, including those with a focus on restaurant modernization, restaurant technology and digital engagement and ordering. We may pursue certain of those technologies and consumer offerings if we believe they offer a sustainable guest proposition and can be successfully integrated into our business model. However, we cannot predict consumer acceptance or our success in implementing these digital platforms, delivery channels or systems or other technologies or their impact on our business. 
 We are dependent on information technology and digital service providers and any material failure, misuse or interruption of our computer systems, supporting infrastructure, consumer-facing digital capabilities or social media platforms could adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent upon information technology and digital service providers to properly conduct our business, including point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, order processing through digital channels, management of our supply chain, collection of cash, payment of obligations and various other processes and procedures. Our ability to efficiently manage our business, service our customers and process digital orders through our mobile application and third-party delivery partnerships depends significantly on the reliability and performance of our systems and those managed by our service providers. The failure of these systems and processes to operate effectively, including an interruption or degradation in such systems or services, or if such systems or services become outdated, could be harmful and cause delays in customer service, loss of digital sales, reduce efficiency or cause delays in operations. Significant capital investments may be required to remediate any such problems. Additionally, the success of certain of our strategic initiatives, including to expand our consumer-facing digital capabilities to connect with customers and drive growth, is highly dependent on our technology systems and digital service providers. 
 19 

Risks Related to Our Capital Structure 
 The securitized debt instruments issued by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have restrictive terms, and any failure to comply with such terms could result in default, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 
 The Series 2019-1 and Series 2022-1 Senior Notes Senior Notes are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of this type, including (i) that the Master Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be used to make required payments in respect of the Senior Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified make-whole payments in the case of the Class A-2 Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments in the event, among other things, the assets pledged as collateral for the Senior Notes are in stated ways defective or ineffective and (iv) covenants relating to record keeping, access to information and similar matters. The Senior Notes are also subject to customary rapid amortization events provided for in the Indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain stated debt service coverage ratios, the sum of gross sales for specified restaurants being below certain levels on certain measurement dates, certain manager termination events, an event of default, and the failure to repay or refinance the Class A-2 Notes on the applicable scheduled maturity date. The Senior Notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-payment of required interest, principal, or other amounts due on or with respect to the Senior Notes, failure to comply with covenants within certain time frames, certain bankruptcy events, breaches of specified representations and warranties, failure of security interests to be effective, and certain judgments. 
 In the event that a rapid amortization event occurs under the Indenture (including, without limitation, upon an event of default under the Indenture or the failure to repay the securitized debt at the end of the applicable term) which would require repayment of the Senior Notes, the funds available to us would be reduced or eliminated, which would in turn reduce our ability to operate and/or grow our business. If our subsidiaries are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations, they may need to refinance or restructure debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If our subsidiaries are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, they may not be able to meet debt payment and other obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We have a significant amount of debt outstanding. Such indebtedness, along with the other contractual commitments of our Company or its subsidiaries, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to meet debt payment obligations. 
 Under the Indenture, the Master Issuer has approximately 1.7 billion of outstanding debt as of September 29, 2024. 
 This level of debt could have certain material adverse effects on the Company, including but not limited to: 
 our available cash flow in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes could be impaired, and our ability to obtain additional financing for such purposes is limited; 
 a substantial portion of our cash flows could be required for debt service and, as a result, might not be available for our operations or other purposes; 
 any substantial decrease in net operating cash flows or any substantial increase in expenses could make it difficult for us to meet our debt service requirements or could force us to modify our operations or sell assets; 
 our ability to operate our business and our ability to repurchase stock or pay cash dividends to our stockholders may be restricted by the financial and other covenants set forth in the Indenture. 
 our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be decreased; and 
 our level of indebtedness may make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and reduce our flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory, and economic conditions. 
 In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. If new debt or other liabilities are added to our current consolidated debt levels, the related risks that it now faces could intensify. 
 The securitization transaction documents impose certain restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, and the failure to comply with such restrictions could adversely affect our business. 
 The Indenture and the management agreement entered into between certain of our subsidiaries and the Indenture trustee (the Management Agreement contain various covenants that limit our and our subsidiaries ability to engage in specified types of transactions. For example, the Indenture and the Management Agreement contain covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of certain subsidiaries to: 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
 sell certain assets; 
 alter the business conducted by our subsidiaries; 
 create or incur liens on certain assets; or 
 20 

consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets held within the securitization entities. 
 As a result of these restrictions, we may not have adequate resources or the flexibility to continue to manage the business and provide for growth of the Jack in the Box system, including product development and marketing for the Jack in the Box brand, which could adversely affect our future growth prospects, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 The Company maintains a comprehensive information security program that is designed to identify, protect against, detect, and respond to, and manage cybersecurity threats. The program contains security measures that include, but are not limited to, the following: security policies and procedures; physical and environmental protections; monitoring processes and systems; asset management; risk assessments; a vulnerability management and remediation program; and maintenance of a third-party risk management program. 
 Our Information Security Policy provides guidance on the requirements necessary to ensure the security of the Company s data, systems, and networks. It applies to all individuals who access IT resources or data processed by the Company. We use commercially reasonable efforts to follow industry standards and best practices, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST Cybersecurity Framework, for our IT Security Incident Response Plan. 
 Our technology structures undergo an annual internal assessment to evaluate risk using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework; our assessment methodology and a thorough sampling of our results are validated annually by a third party. Our IT Security Incident Response Plan defines a cybersecurity incident and outlines the roles, responsibilities, and procedures for us to respond effectively. Having a structured plan enables a rapid response, effective recovery, clear communication and coordinated action to major security incidents. Our plan allows us to reduce recovery time and cost and to also maintain business continuity. 
 Our IT Application Security Program includes reviews and assessments of security vulnerabilities and remediation. We use commercially reasonable efforts to update security systems regularly to protect against known vulnerabilities. We plan to perform vulnerability scans at least quarterly and penetration testing annually as well as after any significant infrastructure or application modification. Whitebox and blackbox security testing and manual penetration testing is performed to monitor security controls and defenses. 
 All employees and third-party contractors with access to the Company s IT infrastructure must annually acknowledge that they have read and understand the IT User Acceptance Policy. Employees and contractors must also complete information security awareness training upon initial hire and annually thereafter. 
 We have measures in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of franchise and customer information. Most personally identifiable information PII handled by our restaurants is associated with payment cards, which are protected by an EMV chip reader that encrypts and tokenizes customer data, so it passes through our networks without retaining any personal information. We do not store any credit or debit card information from customers. All information is processed through a third-party firm. To maintain the safety and security of our customers private payment information, we follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI DSS to ensure our processes and systems are well equipped for proper data protection. Employees and third-party contractors with access to the Company s cardholder data environment CDE or systems used to support the CDE, complete annual PCI awareness training. The Company s corporate restaurant employees also receive periodic security training on devices that capture payment card data. 
 In addition, the Company engages third parties to assist in assessing, identifying, and remediating material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our key cybersecurity controls applied to financial business processes and supporting information systems are regularly tested and audited by third-party service providers, which we retain to help identify vulnerabilities in our systems and to help maintain compliance to standards and regulatory requirements. 
 21 

Cybersecurity Governance 
 Our Board of Directors has charged the Audit Committee with oversight of the Company's identification, assessment, and management of cybersecurity and data privacy risks. As part of its oversight of our enterprise risk management program, the Audit Committee periodically reviews and prioritizes key risks facing our Company, including cybersecurity risk. Our Chief Information Security Officer CISO and Chief Technology Officer CTO manage our network operations and software development across corporate and franchise locations. The Board of Directors receives regular updates from the CISO and CTO regarding our cybersecurity program and actions taken to manage cybersecurity risk, which include risk identification and management strategies, consumer data protection, security programs, ongoing risk mitigation activities and results of third-party assessments and testing. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following table sets forth information about our restaurant locations (by segment, by state) for all restaurants in operation as of September 29, 2024: 
 Del Taco Jack in the Box Company- Operated Franchise Total Company- Operated Franchise Total Alabama 2 2 Arizona 39 39 5 173 178 California 111 244 355 98 848 946 Colorado 19 19 18 18 Florida 3 10 13 Georgia 23 23 Hawaii 29 29 Idaho 12 12 33 33 Illinois 2 11 13 Indiana 3 3 Kansas 5 5 Kentucky 2 2 Louisiana 16 16 Michigan 9 1 10 Mississippi 1 1 Missouri 3 34 37 Nevada 44 44 79 79 New Mexico 13 13 8 8 North Carolina 18 18 Ohio 2 2 2 2 Oklahoma 10 10 8 7 15 Oregon 8 8 41 41 South Carolina 8 8 Tennessee 4 4 Texas 23 559 582 Utah 36 36 4 8 12 Virginia 1 1 Washington 6 6 138 138 Guam 2 2 Mexico 2 2 133 461 594 150 2,041 2,191 
 22 

Of the total 594 Del Taco and 2,191 Jack in the Box restaurants, our interest in restaurant properties consists of the following: 
 Del Taco Jack in the Box Company- Operated Franchise Total Company- Operated Franchise Total Company-owned restaurant buildings: On company-owned land 1 1 11 172 183 On leased land 31 40 71 54 532 586 Subtotal 32 40 72 65 704 769 Company-leased restaurant buildings on leased land 101 156 257 85 971 1,056 Franchise directly-owned or directly-leased restaurant buildings 265 265 366 366 Total restaurant buildings 133 461 594 150 2,041 2,191 
 Our restaurant leases generally provide for fixed rental payments (with cost-of-living index adjustments) plus real estate taxes, insurance, and other expenses. For Jack in the Box, approximately 13 of the leases provide for contingent rental payments between 1 and 10 of the restaurant s gross sales once certain thresholds are met. For Del Taco, approximately 37 of the leases provide for contingent rental payments between 2 and 12 of the restaurant s gross sales once certain thresholds are met. We have generally been able to renew our restaurant leases as they expire at then-current market rates. 
 In addition to the restaurant locations, we own our corporate headquarters located in San Diego, California, which consists of approximately 70,000 square feet and approximately four acres of undeveloped land directly adjacent to it. We also lease an office, consisting of approximately 40,000 square feet in Lake Forest, California. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the name, age, position, and years with the Company of each person who is an executive officer of Jack in the Box Inc. as of September 29, 2024: 
 Name Age Positions Years with the Company Darin Harris 55 Chief Executive Officer 4 Brian Scott (1) 
 55 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 1 Ryan Ostrom 49 Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer 2 Doug Cook 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer 2 Tony Darden 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 3 Dawn Hooper 54 Senior Vice President, Controller 24 Tim Linderman 55 Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer 3 Carl Mount 61 Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer Steven Piano 59 Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer 3 Sarah Super 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Risk Officer 11 
 (1) Effective November 20, 2024, Brian Scott is departing the company to pursue a new position outside the restaurant industry. Dawn Hooper, the Company s Senior Vice President, Controller, will serve as the Company s interim principal financial officer effective November 1, 2024, and as Interim Chief Financial Officer effective upon Brian Scott s departure and until the Company s new Chief Financial Officer, Lance Tucker, begins his employment on January 13, 2025. 
 23 

The following sets forth the business experience of each executive officer for at least the last five years: 
 Mr. Harris has been Chief Executive Officer since June 2020. He was previously Chief Executive Officer of North America for flexible working company, IWG PLC, Regus, North America, from April 2018 to May 2020. Prior to that, from August 2013 to January 2018, Mr. Harris served as Chief Executive Officer of CiCi s Enterprises LP. For just under five years, Mr. Harris also served as Chief Operating Officer for Primrose Schools from November 2008 to July 2013. He previously held franchise leadership roles as Senior Vice President at Arby s Restaurant Group, Inc, from June 2005 to October 2008 and Vice President, Franchise and Corporate Development at Captain D s Seafood, Inc., from May 2000 to January 2004. He was also a prior franchise operator of multiple Papa John s Pizza and Qdoba Mexican Grill restaurants from November 2002 to June 2005. Mr. Harris has more than 25 years of leadership experience in the restaurant industry encompassing operations, franchising, brand strategy and restaurant development. 
 Mr. Scott was hired as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2023. Mr. Scott has more than 20 years of experience leading large companies, both public and private. Mr. Scott most recently served as the Chief Financial Officer of ShiftKey and prior to that he served as Chief Financial Officer of AMN Healthcare for over 10 years. In his prior roles, Mr. Scott oversaw accounting, finance, corporate financial planning and analysis, capital funding, investor relations and internal audit functions as well as certain shared services operations. Mr. Scott started his career with KPMG LLP and was also a partner in a mid-sized CPA firm. Mr. Scott currently serves on the private-equity backed boards of Thriveworks and Hueman. Mr. Scott received his bachelor s degree in accounting from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo and a Master of Business Administration from the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin. 
 Mr. Ostrom has been Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer since February 2021. Mr. Ostrom has over 15 years of marketing and branding experience. Previously, from June 2019 until February 2021, he served as the Chief Brand Officer for GNC Holdings, LLC, a health, wellness, and nutrition brand. Prior to that, from June 2015 to June 2019, he served as the Chief Digital Officer of Yum Brands Inc. Mr. Ostrom also has held roles at Kenmore, Craftsman DieHard at Sears Holding Corporation, and Reebok. 
 Mr. Cook has been Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since October 2021. He has more than 20 years of industry experience leading guest and employee-facing platforms. Mr. Cook served as interim CTO of Jack in the Box from July 2021 to October 2021, leading the technology team and strategy. Prior to that, Mr. Cook served as Chief Information Officer at Pizza Hut from July 2019 to December 2020. From 1999 to June 2019, Mr. Cook held several positions at Sonic, applying leading-edge technologies and analytics to grow the company s innovation and market position. 
 Mr. Darden has been Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since June 2021. He has more than 20 years of cross functional executive leadership experience. Most recently, he served as the President of Mooyah, LLC, a privately held American fast casual hamburger restaurant chain headquartered in Plano, TX from April 2019 until June 2021. Prior to that, from May 2017 until April 2019, Mr. Darden served as the Chief Operating Officer of Taco Bueno Restaurants, L.P. Taco Bueno ), a privately held quick serve restaurant chain headquartered in Farmers Branch, TX that operates Tex-Mex style restaurants throughout the American South and Southwest. Through its acquisition of Taco Bueno, from December 2018 until April 2019, Mr. Darden also served as the Chief Operating Officer of Sun Holdings, Inc., a multi-concept franchisee based in Dallas, TX which owns and operates restaurants across eight states among different brands including Arby s, Burger King, CiCi s Pizza, Golden Corral, Krispy Kreme, Popeyes, and Taco Bueno. From February 2011 to May 2017, he served as the Vice President of Operation of Panera, LLC, an American chain store of bakery-caf casual restaurants. Mr. Darden received his Bachelor of Arts, Interpersonal Communications from Azusa Pacific University. 
 Mr. Mount has been Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer since August 2024 and brings over 30 years of experience in U.S. and global supply chain management and procurement. Most recently, from January 2023 until August 2024, Mr. Mount served as the Chief Supply Chain Officer for Zaxby s, a privately held American fast casual chicken restaurant chain headquartered in Atlanta, GA. Prior to that, from 2017 until January 2023, Mr. Mount served as the Senior Vice President, Supply Chain Operations and Senior Vice President, Logistics and US Retail Supply Chain with Starbucks Coffee Company. From 2011 to 2017, Mr. Mount served as the Global Chief Supply Chain Officer with Yum! Brands where he focused heavily on margin improvements for the company s three international brands. Prior to joining Yum! Brands, in addition to spending a period of time consulting, Mr. Mount held leadership roles in consumer products manufacturing with Coca-Cola and PepsiCo. Mr. Mount received his bachelor s degree in Business Administration at the University of Southern California s Marshall School of Business and his MBA from the Santa Clara University Leavey School of Business. 
 Ms. Hooper has been Senior Vice President, Controller since December 2022, and has been with Jack in the Box since October 2000. She previously held positions of increasing responsibility in accounting since joining the Company in 2000, including Interim CFO, Controller, Assistant Controller, Vice President of Financial Reporting and Senior Manager of Corporate Accounting. Prior to joining the company, she began her career with KPMG LLP where she worked from September 1993 to September 2000. Ms. Hooper has more than 30 years in experience in accounting and finance. Ms. Hooper received her bachelor s degree in accounting from University of San Diego from the Knauss School of Business. 
 24 

Mr. Linderman has been Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer since April 2022, and previously held the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Franchise and Corporate Development Officer since August 2021. He held the position of Senior Vice President, Franchise and Corporate Development from October 2020 through July 2021. He has over 18 years of experience in the franchise industry. He most recently served as Chief Development Officer of Ascent Hospitality Management, LLC, a restaurant management company, from July 2019 to October 2020. Prior to that, from January 2014 until July 2019, he was the Chief Development Officer at Global Franchise Group, LLC, where he oversaw franchise sales, real estate, and construction for Great American Cookies, Marble Slab Creamery, Pretzelmaker, MaggieMoo s Ice Cream and Treatery and Hot Dog on a Stick. Before that, he was the Director of Franchise Development for Primrose School Franchising Company and held that same position at Arby s. 
 Mr. Piano has been Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer since April 2021. He has over ten years of experience in leadership roles as Chief People Officer and Human Resource Officer. He most recently served as the Chief Human Resources Officer at GNC Holdings, LLC, a health, wellness, and nutrition brand, from January 2018 to April 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Piano was the Chief Human Resource Officer for MoneyGram International Inc., an American cross-border P2P payments and money transfer company, from August 2009 until April 2017. Mr. Piano has also held leadership positions with Lehman Brothers, Citibank, and others. 
 Ms. Super has been Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Risk Officer since March 2020, served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel since November 2019, and previously served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel from May 2018 until November 2019. Prior to joining the Company in December 2013, she was a partner at the law firm of Gordon Rees. Ms. Super has more than 15 years of legal experience. 
 25 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol JACK. 
 Dividends. In fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors declared four cash dividends of 0.44. Our dividend is subject to the discretion and approval of our Board of Directors and our compliance with applicable law, and depends upon, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, level of indebtedness, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Repurchases. The following table sets forth information on our share repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2024 dollars in thousands, except per share data ): 
 (a) Total number of shares purchased (b) Average price paid per share (c) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs (d) Maximum dollar value that may yet be purchased under these programs 195,000 July 8, 2024 - August 4, 2024 195,000 August 5, 2024 - September 1, 2024 201,141 51.15 201,141 184,712 September 2, 2024 - September 29, 2024 100,755 46.77 100,755 180,000 Total 301,896 301,896 
 Stockholders. As of November 14, 2024, there were 522 stockholders of record. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans . The following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which Company common stock may be issued as of September 29, 2024. Stockholders of the Company have approved all plans requiring such approval. 
 (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (1) (c) Number of securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 632,801 84.23 2,093,732 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Includes shares issuable in connection with our outstanding stock options, performance share awards, nonvested stock units, and non-management director deferred stock equivalents. The weighted-average exercise price in column (b) includes the weighted-average exercise price of stock options. 
 (2) For a description of our equity compensation plans, refer to Note 13, Share-Based Employee Compensation , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 26 

Performance Graph. The following graph compares the five-year cumulative return to holders of the Company s common stock at September 30th of each year to the yearly weighted cumulative return of a Peer Group Index and to the Standard Poor s S P 500 Index for the same period. The below comparison assumes 100 was invested on September 30, 2019 in the Company s common stock and in the comparison groups and assumes reinvestment of dividends. The Company uses a Peer Group to assess the competitive pay levels of our senior executives, and to evaluate program design element s. In its annual review of the Peer Group Index used to benchmark executive compensation for our executive officers, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, approved changes to the Peer Group Index to include companies that more closely aligned with our financial selection criteria and are highly-franchised. 
 
 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Jack in the Box Inc. 100 88 110 86 82 57 S P 500 Index 100 115 150 127 154 210 Peer Group (1) 100 114 145 114 139 196 
 ________________________ 
 (1) The Peer Group includes the following seventeen companies: BJ's Restaurants Inc.; Bloomin Brands, Inc.; Brinker Int l, Inc.; Cheesecake Factory Inc.; Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.; Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.; Denny's Corp.; Dine Brands Global Inc.; Domino's Pizza, Inc.; El Pollo Loco Holdings Inc.; Krispy Kreme, Inc.; Papa John's Int l Inc.; Restaurant Brands Int l Inc.; Shake Shack Inc.; Texas Roadhouse, Inc.; Wendy s Company; and Wingstop Inc. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 GENERAL 
 For an understanding of the significant factors that influenced our performance during the fiscal year, we believe our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report as indexed on page F-1. 
 Comparisons under this heading refer to the 52-week periods ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. Our MD A consists of the following sections: 
 Overview a general description of our business. 
 Results of Operations an analysis of our consolidated statements of earnings for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources an analysis of our cash flows, including capital expenditures, share repurchase activity, dividends, and known trends that may impact liquidity. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates. 
 New accounting pronouncements a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, dates of implementation and the impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations, if any. 
 Cautionary statements regarding forward-looking statements a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made by management. 
 We have included in our MD A certain performance metrics that management uses to assess company performance and which we believe will be useful in analyzing and understanding our results of operations. These metrics include: 
 Changes in sales at restaurants open more than one year same-store sales ), system restaurant sales, franchised restaurant sales, and average unit volumes AUVs ). Same-store sales, restaurant sales, and AUVs are presented for franchised restaurants. Franchise sales represent sales at franchise restaurants and are revenues of our franchisees. We do not record franchise sales as revenues; however, our royalty revenues and percentage rent revenues are calculated based on a percentage of franchise sales. We believe franchise and system same-store sales, franchised and system-wide sales, and AUV information are useful to investors as they have a direct effect on the Company s profitability. 
 Same-store sales, system restaurant sales, franchised restaurant sales and AUVs are not measurements determined in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation, or as an alternative to earnings from operations, or other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 A comparison of our results of operations and cash flows for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 can be found under Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023. 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Founded in 1951, Jack in the Box Inc. (the Company operates and franchises Jack in the Box quick-service restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, we operated and franchised 2,191 Jack in the Box quick-service restaurants, primarily in the western and southern United States, including two in Mexico and two in Guam. 
 On March 8, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Del Taco Restaurants, Inc. Del Taco ). Founded in 1964, Del Taco offers a unique variety of both Mexican and American favorites such as burritos and fries. Del Taco is the nation s second largest Mexican quick service restaurant chain by number of restaurants and as of September 29, 2024 has 594 restaurants across 17 states. 
 We derive revenue from retail sales at company-operated restaurants and rental revenue, royalties (based upon a percent of sales), franchise fees and contributions for advertising and other services from franchisees. 
 Refranchising of Del Taco 
 In fiscal year 2024, we continued on our refranchising strategy with three main intentions. First, to create a company-wide asset-light model that will benefit from mitigating exposure to macroeconomic pressures; second, to generate incremental development agreements throughout the refranchising process that provide a more robust unit growth pipeline than otherwise achievable; and third, to provide a more efficient capital structure. Our objective is to be asset-light as we navigate market forces. We refranchised 47 Del Taco restaurants in fiscal year 2024, and added 42 new development commitments as a result of the refranchising effort. 
 28 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR FISCAL 2024 AND 2023 
 The following tables summarize changes in same-store sales for Jack in the Box and Del Taco company-operated, franchised, and system restaurants: 
 Jack in the Box: 2024 2023 Company 0.0 8.8 Franchise (1.5) 7.1 System (1.3) 7.3 
 Del Taco: 2024 2023 Company (1.3) 2.0 Franchise (1.6) 1.4 System (1.5) 1.7 
 The following tables summarize changes in the number and mix of company and franchise restaurants for our two brands: 
 2024 2023 Jack in the Box: Company Franchise Total Company Franchise Total Beginning of year 142 2,044 2,186 146 2,035 2,181 New (1) 
 8 22 30 2 18 20 Refranchised (5) 5 Closed (25) (25) (1) (14) (15) End of year 150 2,041 2,191 142 2,044 2,186 of system 7 93 100 6 94 100 
 2024 2023 Del Taco: Company Franchise Total Company Franchise Total Beginning of year 171 421 592 290 301 591 New 3 11 14 14 14 Acquired from franchisees 10 (10) Refranchised (47) 47 (111) 111 Closed (4) (8) (12) (8) (5) (13) End of year 133 461 594 171 421 592 of system 22 78 100 29 71 100 
 ________________________ 
 (1) The restaurant count includes 6 cloud kitchens as of the end of fiscal year 2024. 
 The following tables summarize restaurant sales for company-operated, franchised, and systemwide sales for our two brands in thousands ): 
 Jack in the Box: 2024 2023 Company-operated restaurant sales 427,057 413,748 Franchised restaurant sales (1) 
 3,969,200 4,005,985 Systemwide sales (1) 
 4,396,257 4,419,733 
 Del Taco: 2024 2023 Company-operated restaurant sales 281,978 432,530 Franchised restaurant sales (1) 
 674,804 541,913 Systemwide sales (1) 
 956,782 974,443 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Franchised restaurant sales represent sales at franchised restaurants and are revenues of our franchisees. Systemwide sales include company and franchised restaurant sales. We do not record franchised sales as revenues; however, our royalty revenues, marketing fees and percentage rent revenues are calculated based on a percentage of franchised sales. We believe franchised and systemwide sales information is useful to investors as they have a direct effect on the Company's profitability. 
 29 

Jack in the Box Brand 
 Company Restaurant Operations 
 The following table presents company restaurant sales and costs as a percentage of the related sales (dollars in thousands) : 
 2024 2023 Company restaurant sales 427,057 413,748 Company restaurant costs: Food and packaging 126,063 29.5 130,904 31.6 Payroll and employee benefits 134,678 31.5 127,357 30.8 Occupancy and other 73,735 17.3 69,215 16.7 
 Company restaurant sales increased 13.3 million, or 3.2 , in 2024 as compared with the prior year due to an increase in the average number of restaurants, as well as an increase in average check. The following table presents the approximate impact of these items on company restaurant sales in 2024 in millions ): 
 2024 vs. 2023 AUV increase 0.9 Increase in the average number of restaurants 12.3 Other 0.1 Total change in company restaurant sales 13.3 
 Same-store sales at company-operated restaurants remained the same in 2024 compared to a year ago. The following table summarizes the changes in company-operated same-store sales: 
 2024 vs. 2023 Transactions (3.4) Average check (1) 
 3.4 Change in same-store sales 0.0 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Includes price increases of 7.4 in 2024. 
 Food and packaging costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, decreased to 29.5 in 2024 from 31.6 a year ago, primarily due to a 2.0 impact from pricing leverage and 0.2 from commodity deflation, partially offset by 0.2 unfavorable menu item mix. 
 Commodity costs decreased in the current fiscal year by approximately 0.7 . The greatest impacts were seen in produce, beef, and poultry. 
 Payroll and employee benefit costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, increased to 31.5 in 2024 compared with 30.8 a year ago primarily due to a 0.7 impact from wage inflation of approximately 6.9 , and an increase in group insurance, which were partially offset by a decrease in incentive compensation. New regulations, such as AB 1228, which went into effect April 2024, have raised labor costs, particularly given our high concentration of restaurants in California. 
 Occupancy and other costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, increased to 17.3 in 2024 from 16.7 a year ago primarily due to higher security costs, credit card fees and other operating costs, partially offset by lower maintenance and repair. costs. 
 30 

Jack in the Box Franchise Operations 
 The following table presents franchise revenues and costs in each fiscal year and other information we believe is useful in analyzing the change in franchise operating results dollars in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Franchise rental revenues 347,227 351,283 Royalties 198,377 207,064 Franchise fees and other 7,002 7,226 Franchise royalties and other 205,379 214,290 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 217,757 215,990 Total franchise revenues 770,363 781,563 Franchise occupancy expenses 217,430 216,452 Franchise support and other costs 12,731 10,072 Franchise advertising and other services expenses 225,465 227,868 Total franchise costs 455,626 454,392 Franchise costs as a percentage of total franchise revenues 59.1 58.1 Average number of franchise restaurants 2,037 2,035 Franchised restaurant sales 3,969,200 4,005,985 Franchise restaurant AUV 1,949 1,968 Royalties as a percentage of total franchise restaurant sales (1) 
 5.0 5.2 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Excluding the impact of the 7.3 million termination fee in the first quarter of the prior year, royalties as a percentage of total franchised restaurant sales would be 5.0 for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023. 
 Franchise rental revenues decreased 4.1 million, or 1.2 , in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in percentage rent of 8.5 million, driven by lower sales, partially offset by increases in minimum rent of 3.3 million and an increase of 2.5 million related to franchise lease terminations. 
 Franchise royalties and other decreased 8.9 million, or 4.2 , mainly in connection with a 7.3 million termination fee paid by a franchise operator who sold his restaurants to a new franchisee in the prior year, as well as lower royalty income driven by lower sales. 
 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services increased 1.8 million, or 0.8 , primarily due to increases in digital and technology fees of 3.5 million, partially offset by lower marketing contributions of 2.0 million in connection with lower franchise same store sales of 1.5 . 
 Franchise occupancy expenses, mainly rent, increased 1.0 million, or 0.5 in 2024, primarily due to higher operating lease costs. 
 Franchise support and other costs increased 2.7 million, or 26.4 in 2024, mainly related to a 2.0 million increase in bad debt expense due to a rollover of a bad debt reversal in the prior year, as well as higher operating costs in connection with digital fees and brand standard audits. 
 Franchise advertising and other service expenses decreased 2.4 million, or 1.1 in 2024 primarily due to lower marketing contributions resulting from a decrease in franchise sales. 
 31 

Del Taco Brand 
 Company Restaurant Operations 
 The following table presents company restaurant sales and costs as a percentage of the related sales (dollars in thousands) : 
 2024 2023 Company restaurant sales 281,978 432,530 Company restaurant costs: Food and packaging 73,207 26.0 119,931 27.7 Payroll and employee benefits 103,369 36.7 147,241 34.0 Occupancy and other 65,569 23.3 94,057 21.7 
 Company restaurant sales decreased 150.6 million or 34.8 , in 2024 as compared with the prior year primarily due to the refranchising of 47 company-operated restaurants and the closing of 4 company-operated restaurants in fiscal 2024, as well as a decrease in same store sales compared to the prior year. 
 The following table presents the approximate impact of these items on company restaurant sales in millions ): 
 2024 vs. 2023 AUV decrease (6.1) Decrease in the average number of restaurants (144.1) Other (0.4) Total change in company restaurant sales (150.6) 
 Same-store sales at company-operated restaurants decreased 1.3 in 2024 compared to a year ago. The following table summarizes the increases (decreases) in company-operated same-store sales: 
 2024 vs. 2023 Average check (1) 
 4.2 Transactions (5.5) Change in same-store sales (1.3) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Includes price increases of approximately 7.3 in 2024. 
 Food and packaging costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, decreased to 26.0 in 2024 from 27.7 a year ago primarily due to a 1.9 benefit from pricing leverage. 
 Commodity costs inflation was 0.2 in 2024. The largest sources of inflation in the current year were due to dairy and beverages, and was partially offset by favorability in pork, oil, eggs and cheese. 
 Payroll and employee benefit costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, increased to 36.7 in 2024 compared with 34.0 a year ago primarily due to a 2.2 impact from labor inflation. Labor inflation was 9.7 in the current year. Additional regulations, such as AB 1228, which went into effect April 2024, have raised labor costs, particularly given our high concentration of restaurants in California. 
 Occupancy and other costs, as a percentage of company restaurant sales, increased to 23.3 in 2024 from 21.7 a year ago primarily due to higher rent and operating expenses including utilities and information technology costs, partially offset by a change in the mix of restaurants due to refranchising. 
 32 

Del Taco Franchise Operations 
 The following table presents franchise revenues and costs in each period and other information we believe is useful in analyzing the change in franchise operating results dollars in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Franchise rental revenues 28,201 13,308 Royalties 31,714 25,669 Franchise fees and other 1,077 556 Franchise royalties and other 32,791 26,225 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 30,915 24,933 Total franchise revenues 91,907 64,466 Franchise occupancy expenses 27,948 13,150 Franchise support and other costs 4,551 2,259 Franchise advertising and other services expenses 33,667 25,666 Total franchise costs 66,166 41,075 Franchise costs as a percentage of total franchise revenues 72.0 63.7 Average number of franchise restaurants 429 344 Franchised restaurant sales 674,804 541,913 Franchised restaurant AUVs 1,573 1,574 Royalties as a percentage of total franchised restaurant sales 4.7 4.7 
 Franchise rental revenues increased 14.9 million, or 111.9 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher rental income of 11.0 million resulting from new subleases related to the 142 restaurants refranchised since the second quarter of 2023 and the 11 franchise-operated restaurants opened in fiscal 2024. 
 Franchise royalties and other increased 6.6 million, or 25.0 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher franchise restaurant sales resulting from the 142 restaurants refranchised since the second quarter of 2023 and the 11 franchise-operated restaurants opened in fiscal 2024. 
 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services revenues increased 6.0 million, or 24.0 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher marketing contributions related to higher franchise restaurant sales resulting from the 142 restaurants refranchised since the second quarter of 2023 and the 11 franchise-operated restaurants opened in fiscal 2024. 
 Franchise occupancy expenses, primarily rent, increased 14.8 million, or 112.5 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher rent related to franchise subleases for the 142 restaurants refranchised since the second quarter of 2023 and the 11 franchise-operated restaurants opened in fiscal 2024. 
 Franchise support and other costs increased 2.3 million, or 101.5 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher franchise development support costs, as well as additional overhead costs. 
 Franchise advertising and other service expenses increased 8.0 million, or 31.2 in 2024 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher franchise restaurant sales resulting from the 142 restaurants refranchised since the second quarter of 2023 and the 11 franchise-operated restaurants opened in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Company-Wide Results 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.5 million in 2024 as compared with the prior year. The decreases in depreciation are primarily due to the refranchising of Del Taco restaurants since the prior year, as well as certain Jack in the Box franchise assets becoming fully depreciated. These decreases were partially offset by increases for new technology assets and new company restaurant openings. 
 33 

Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 The following table presents the amounts for SG A expenses in each fiscal year in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Advertising 34,992 38,753 Share-based compensation 13,471 11,205 Incentive compensation 9,911 20,283 Cash surrender value of COLI policies, net (14,390) (5,953) Litigation matters 1,811 7,001 Insurance 3,183 5,991 Other 94,255 95,592 143,233 172,872 
 Advertising costs represent company contributions to our marketing funds and are generally determined as a percentage of company-operated restaurant sales. Advertising costs decreased 3.8 million compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in company-operated restaurant sales in the current year which was primarily driven by Del Taco refranchising. 
 Share-based compensation in 2024 increased by 2.3 million compared to the prior year primarily due to a higher number of executive stock awards outstanding compared to the prior year. 
 Incentive compensation in 2024 decreased by 10.4 million compared to the prior year primarily due to lower achievement levels compared to the prior year for the Company s annual incentive plan. 
 The cash surrender value of our Company-owned life insurance COLI policies, net of changes in our non-qualified deferred compensation obligation supported by these policies, are subject to market fluctuations. The changes in market values had a favorable impact of 8.4 million as compared to the prior year. 
 Litigation matters in 2024 decreased by 5.2 million as compared to the prior year due to the timing of litigation developments in each fiscal year. In fiscal 2023, we recorded litigation charges of 8.3 million for Gessele vs. Jack in the Box Inc., partially offset by a 1.6 million reversal in connection with the J D Restaurant Group legal matter based on the Court s final ruling. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Insurance costs in 2024 decreased 2.8 million as compared to the prior year primarily due to positive development factors related to workers compensation and general liability claims. 
 Pre-Opening Costs 
 Pre-opening costs associated with the opening of a new restaurant or the remodeling of an existing restaurant consist primarily of property rent and employee training costs. Pre-opening costs associated with the opening of a restaurant that was closed upon acquisition consist of labor costs, maintenance and repair costs, and property rent. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company identified triggering events that indicated the goodwill allocated to the Del Taco reporting unit might be impaired. The triggering events related to i) a recent negative trend in Del Taco same store sales, ii) lower margins due in part to lower sales and wage increases required in California effective April 1, 2024 under AB 1228 and iii) unfavorable changes in the economic environment specifically impacting our industry, including inflation and interest rates. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative test over the Del Taco reporting unit, noting that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value, which resulted in an impairment of goodwill of 162.6 million. 
 34 

Other Operating Expense, Net 
 Other operating expense, net is comprised of the following in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Integration and strategic initiatives 15,631 9,112 Costs of closed restaurants and other 2,975 4,786 Restaurant impairment charges 8,008 4,569 Accelerated depreciation 699 541 Gains on acquisition of restaurants (2,702) Losses (gains) on disposition of property and equipment, net 185 (8,171) Other operating expense, net 
 24,796 10,837 
 Other operating expense, net increased 14.0 million in 2024 versus the prior year primarily due to the decrease in gains on disposition of property and equipment of 8.4 million due to gains recognized in the prior year from a sale of Jack in the Box restaurant properties to franchisees who were leasing the properties from us prior to the sale. The change was also impacted by the increase in integration and strategic initiatives of 6.5 million in the current year, as well as an increase in restaurant impairment charges of 3.4 million relating to under-performing Jack in the Box and Del Taco restaurants. Refer also to Note 9, Other Operating Expense, Net, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Gains on the Sale of Company-Operated Restaurants 
 In 2024, gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants totaled 3.3 million and were related to the refranchising of 47 Del Taco restaurants. In the prior year, gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants totaled 18.0 million and were related to the refranchising of 111 Del Taco restaurants and five Jack in the Box restaurants. Refer to Note 4, Summary of Refranchisings and Franchise Acquisitions, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Other Pension and Post-Retirement Expenses, Net 
 Our policy is to fund our pension plans at or above the minimum required by law. As of the date of our last actuarial funding valuation, there was no minimum requirement. We do not anticipate making any contributions to our Qualified Plan in fiscal 2025. For additional information, refer to Note 12, Retirement Plans , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net, is comprised of the following in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Interest expense 82,134 84,627 Interest income (2,118) (2,181) Interest expense, net 80,016 82,446 
 Interest expense, net, decreased 2.4 million in 2024. The interest expense portion decreased by 2.5 million primarily due to lower average borrowings, as well as lower average interest rates. 
 Income Taxes 
 For fiscal year 2024, the Company recorded income tax provisions of 32.4 million resulting in effective tax rate of negative 748.9 . The effective tax rate for such period differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the impairment of non-deductible goodwill partially offset by the reversal of state deferred tax liabilities on basis difference of investments in subsidiaries and non-taxable gains from the market performance of insurance products used to fund certain non-qualified retirement plans. 
 For fiscal year 2023, the Company recorded income tax provisions of 58.5 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 30.9 . The effective tax rate for such period differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the impact of non-deductible goodwill related to the sale of company-operated restaurants partially offset by non-taxable gains from the market performance of insurance products used to fund certain non-qualified retirement plans. 
 35 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 General 
 Our primary sources of short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resources are cash flows from operations and borrowings available under our credit facilities. Our cash requirements consist principally of working capital, general corporate needs, capital expenditures, income tax payments, debt service requirements, franchise tenant improvement allowance and incentive distributions, dividend payments, and obligations related to our benefit plans. We generally use available cash flows from operations to invest in our business, service our debt obligations, pay dividends and repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Company had 54.2 million of cash and restricted cash on its consolidated balance sheet and available borrowings of 169.5 million under our 150.0 million Variable Funding Notes and our 75.0 million revolving credit facility. The Company continually assesses the optimal sources and uses of cash for our business. We review our balance sheet for any undervalued assets and pursue opportunities for capital sources, including the sale of our owned Jack in the Box properties and refranchising, primarily for Del Taco in the near term. 
 Based upon current levels of operations and anticipated growth, we expect that cash flows from operations, combined with our securitized financing facility and revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our capital expenditure, working capital and debt service requirements for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The table below summarizes our cash flows for each of the last two fiscal years in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 68,816 215,006 Investing activities (69,371) 42,219 Financing activities (131,185) (207,358) Net cash flows (131,740) 49,867 
 
 Operating Activities . Operating cash flows decreased 146.2 million compared with a year ago. This decrease is primarily due to an unfavorable change in working capital of 156.1 million, partially offset by higher net income, when adjusted for non-cash items, of 9.9 million. The change in working capital is primarily a result of the payment of income taxes liabilities of 111.9 million (of which 50.3 million was a payment deferred from 2023 in connection with the Southern California winter storm disaster area declaration), an increase in bonus payout, an increase in deferred rent accrual and an increase in the advertising accruals. 
 Pension and Postretirement Contributions Our policy is to fund our pension plans at or above the minimum required by law. As of the date of our last actuarial funding valuation for our qualified pension plan, there was no minimum contribution funding requirement. In 2024 and 2023, we contributed 5.9 million and 6.2 million, respectively, to our pension and postretirement plans. We do not anticipate making any contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plan in fiscal 2025. For additional information, refer to Note 12, Retirement Plans , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Investing Activities . Cash flows used in investing activities increased 111.6 million from 2024 compared to 2023. This increase was primarily due to 65.8 million of additional cash received in 2023 from the sale of Del Taco company-owned restaurants to franchisees, and an increase of 40.5 million for amounts used for the purchase of property and equipment. 
 36 

Capital Expenditures The composition of capital expenditures in each fiscal year is summarized in the table below in thousands ): 
 2024 2023 Restaurants: Remodel / refresh programs 11,027 9,159 New restaurants 22,563 8,159 Restaurant facility expenditures 18,972 22,592 Purchases of assets intended for sale and leaseback 26,455 14,960 Restaurant information technology 28,019 13,037 107,036 67,907 Corporate Services: Information technology 7,976 6,752 Corporate facilities 462 295 8,438 7,047 Total capital expenditures 115,474 74,954 
 In 2024, capital expenditures increased by 40.5 million compared to a year ago, primarily due to an increase in information technology for both restaurant and corporate of 16.2 million, new restaurant openings of 14.4 million, and an increase in the purchases of Jack in the Box restaurant properties intended for sale and leaseback of 11.5 million. 
 Sale and Sale-leaseback Transactions To optimize our balance sheet and capital structure, we use sales and leaseback financing and provide our franchisees the opportunity to purchase the property that we currently lease to them. 
 In 2024, we completed one sales-leaseback transaction involving a restaurant property with proceeds of 1.7 million and completed the sale of properties to franchisees and other third parties during the year with proceeds of 25.0 million. 
 
 Financing Activities . Cash flows used in financing activities decreased by 76.2 million compared with a year ago, primarily as a result of a decrease in net borrowings of 56.2 million and a 20.0 million decrease in share repurchases compared with a year ago. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock In fiscal 2024, the Company repurchased 1.1 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate cost of 70.6 million, including applicable excise tax. As of September 29, 2024, there was 180.0 million remaining under share repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors which do not expire. 
 Dividends In fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors declared four quarterly cash dividends of 0.44 per share, totaling 34.2 million. Future dividends are subject to approval by our Board of Directors. 
 Securitized Refinancing Transaction On February 11, 2022, the Company completed the sale of 550.0 million of its Series 2022-1 3.445 Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I (the Class A-2-I Notes and 550.0 million of its Series 2022-1 4.136 Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II (the Class A-2-II and, together with the Class A-2-I Notes, the 2022 Notes ). Interest payments on the 2022 Notes are payable on a quarterly basis. The anticipated repayment dates of the Class A-2-I Notes and the Class A-2-II Notes will be February 2027 and February 2032, respectively, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted. 
 In 2022, the Company also entered into a revolving financing facility of Series 2022-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes (the Variable Funding Notes ), which permits borrowings up to a maximum of 150.0 million, subject to certain borrowing conditions, a portion of which may be used to issue letters of credit. As of September 29, 2024, we had 6.0 million of outstanding borrowings and had available borrowing capacity of 94.5 million under our 2022 Variable Funding Notes, net of letters of credits issued of 49.5 million. 
 The net proceeds from the sale of the 2022 Notes were used to repay in full 570.7 million in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Company s Series 2019-1 Class A-2-I Notes, together with the applicable make-whole premium and unpaid interest, and was used to fund a portion of the Company s acquisition of Del Taco Restaurants, Inc. 
 37 

The 2022 Notes were issued in a privately placed securitization transaction pursuant to which certain of the Company s revenue-generating assets, consisting principally of franchise-related agreements, real estate assets, and intellectual property and license agreements for the use of intellectual property, are held by the Master Issuer and certain other limited-purpose, bankruptcy remote, wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of the Company that act as Guarantors of the Notes and that have pledged substantially all of their assets, excluding certain real estate assets and subject to certain limitations, to secure the Notes. The 2022 Notes are subject to the same covenants and restrictions as the Series 2019-1 Notes. 
 The quarterly principal payment on the Class A-2 Notes may be suspended when the specified leverage ratio, which is a measure of outstanding debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, adjusted for certain items (as defined in the Indenture), is less than or equal to 5.0x. Exceeding the leverage ratio of 5.0x does not violate any covenant related to the Class A-2 Notes. 
 Restricted Cash In accordance with the terms of the Indenture, certain cash accounts have been established with the Indenture trustee for the benefit of the note holders and are restricted in their use. As of September 29, 2024, the Master Issuer had restricted cash of 29.4 million, which primarily represented cash collections and cash reserves held by the trustee to be used for payments of interest and commitment fees required for the Class A-2 Notes and Variable Funding Notes. 
 Covenants and Restrictions The Notes are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of this type, including (i) that the Master Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be used to make required payments in respect of the Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified make-whole payments in the case of the Class A-2 Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments in the event, among other things, the assets pledged as collateral for the Notes are in stated ways defective or ineffective and (iv) covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to information and similar matters. The Notes are also subject to customary rapid amortization events provided for in the Indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain stated debt service coverage ratios, the sum of gross sales for specified restaurants being below certain levels on certain measurement dates, certain manager termination events, an event of default, and the failure to repay or refinance the Class A-2 Notes on the applicable scheduled maturity date. The Notes are also subject to certain customary events of default, including events relating to non-payment of required interest, principal, or other amounts due on or with respect to the Notes, failure to comply with covenants within certain time frames, certain bankruptcy events, breaches of specified representations and warranties, failure of security interests to be effective, and certain judgments. As of September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenant requirements and were not subject to any rapid amortization events. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our cash requirements greater than twelve months from contractual obligations and commitments include: 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments Refer to Note 7, Indebtedness , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information of our obligations and the timing of expected payments. 
 Operating and Finance Leases Refer to Note 8, Leases, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information of our obligations and the timing of expected payments. 
 Purchase Commitments Purchase obligations includes non-cancelable purchase commitments related to information technology agreements and volume commitments for beverage products. Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies , for further detail of our obligations and the timing of expected future payments. 
 Benefit Obligations Refer to Note 12, Retirement Plans , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our obligations and the timing of expected payments under our non-qualified defined benefit plan and postretirement healthcare plans. 
 
 DISCUSSION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We have identified the following as our most critical accounting estimates, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results, and that require management s most subjective and complex judgments. Information regarding our other significant accounting estimates and policies are disclosed in Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Long-Lived Assets We review our long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped for recognition and measurement of impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. The impairment test for long-lived assets requires us to assess the recoverability of long-lived asset groups by comparing their net carrying value to the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows expected to be generated through leases and/or subleases or by our individual company-operated restaurants. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset group exceeds the sum of related undiscounted future cash flows, we recognize an impairment loss by the amount that the carrying value of the assets exceeds fair value. Our estimates of cash flows used to assess impairment are subject to a high degree of judgment and may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, changes in our business plans, operating performance, and economic conditions. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment in the third quarter of each year, or more frequently, if indicators of impairment are present. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of our reporting units exceed their carrying values. Our reporting units are our two restaurant brands, Jack in the Box and Del Taco. 
 Our impairment analyses first include a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Significant factors considered in this assessment include, but are not limited to, macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, cost considerations, the competitive environment, share price fluctuations, overall financial performance, and results of past impairment tests. If the qualitative factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, we perform a quantitative impairment test. 
 In performing a quantitative test for impairment of goodwill, we primarily use the income approach method of valuation that includes the discounted cash flow method and the market approach that includes the guideline public company method to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. Significant assumptions made by management to estimate fair value under the discounted cash flow method include future cash flow assumptions, which may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, economic conditions, or changes in operating performance. The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. We believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risk and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the guideline public company method include the selection of guideline companies and the valuation multiples applied. 
 In the process of a quantitative test, if necessary, of the Del Taco trademark intangible asset, we primarily use the relief from royalty method under the income approach method of valuation. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the relief from royalty method include future trends in sales, a royalty rate, an estimated income tax rate, and a discount rate to be applied to the forecast revenue stream. 
 Self-Insurance We are self-insured for a portion of our losses related to workers compensation, general liability and other legal claims, and health benefits. In estimating our self-insurance accruals, we utilize independent actuarial estimates of expected losses and assumptions related to the loss development factors, which are based on statistical analysis of historical data. These assumptions are closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. Should a greater number of claims occur compared to what was estimated, or should medical costs increase beyond what was expected, accruals might not be sufficient, and additional expense may be recorded. 
 Legal Accruals The Company is subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of its business. A determination of the amount accrued, if any, for these contingencies is made after analysis of each matter. We continually evaluate such accruals and may increase or decrease accrued amounts as we deem appropriate. Because lawsuits are inherently unpredictable, and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgment about future events. As a result, the amount of ultimate loss may differ from those estimates. 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the impact of new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk We would be exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings under our 150.0 million Variable Funding Notes and our 75.0 million revolving credit facility. As of September 29, 2024, we had 6.0 million of outstanding variable rate borrowings. 
 39 

Commodity Price Risk The Company is also exposed to the impact of commodity and utility price fluctuations. Many of the ingredients we use are commodities or ingredients that are affected by the price of other commodities, weather, seasonality, production, availability, and various other factors outside our control. In order to minimize the impact of fluctuations in price and availability, we monitor the primary commodities we purchase and may enter into purchasing contracts and pricing arrangements when considered to be advantageous. However, certain commodities remain subject to price fluctuations. We are exposed to the impact of utility price fluctuations related to unpredictable factors such as weather and various other market conditions outside our control. Our ability to recover increased costs for commodities and utilities through higher prices is limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The consolidated financial statements, related financial information, and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required to be filed are indexed on page F-1 and are incorporated herein. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a. Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the Company s fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively) have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 b. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 c. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management, under the oversight of our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and Audit Committee, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Management has concluded that, as of September 29, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective, at a reasonable assurance level, based on these criteria. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which follows. 
 40 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Jack in the Box Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Jack in the Box Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, cash flows and stockholders deficit for each of the fifty-two week periods ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated November 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 November 20, 2024 
 41 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the last fiscal quarter, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 On August 16, 2024, the Company adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock up to an aggregate purchase price of 15.0 million. This Rule10b5-1 trading arrangement subsequently terminated on September 27, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the captions Election of Directors, Director Qualifications and Biographical Information, and Committees of the Board to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 29, 2024 and to be used in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth in Part I of this Report under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Committees of the Board - Audit Committee, relating to the members of the Company s Audit Committee and the members of the Audit Committee who qualify as financial experts, is also incorporated herein by reference. 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Stockholder Recommendations and Board Nominations, relating to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend candidates for director to the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors, is also incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics, which applies to all Jack in the Box Inc. directors, officers, and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and all of the financial team. The Code of Ethics is posted on the Company s corporate website, www.jackintheboxinc.com (under the Investors Governance Governance Documents Code of Conduct caption) and is available in print free of charge to any stockholder upon request. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Controller or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our corporate website. No such waivers have been issued during fiscal 2024. 
 We have also adopted a set of Corporate Governance Principles and Practices for our Board of Directors and charters for all of our Board Committees, including the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees. The Corporate Governance Principles and Practices and committee charters are available on our corporate website at www.jackintheboxinc.com and in print free of charge to any shareholder who requests them. Written requests for our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Principles and Practices and committee charters should be addressed to Jack in the Box Inc., 9357 Spectrum Center Blvd., San Diego, California 92123, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Executive Compensation, Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Requirements, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 29, 2024 and to be used in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 29, 2024 and to be used in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. Information regarding equity compensation plans under which Company common stock may be issued as of September 29, 2024 is set forth in Item 5 of this Report. 
 42 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Directors Independence, if any, to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 29, 2024 and to be used in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 That portion of our definitive Proxy Statement appearing under the caption Independent Registered Public Accountants Fees and Services to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 29, 2024 and to be used in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 ITEM 15(a) (1) Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Report. 
 ITEM 15(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules. None. 
 
 ITEM 15(a) (3) Exhibits . 
 Number Description Form Filed with SEC 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 5, 2021, by and among Jack in the Box Inc, Epic Merger Sub Inc., and Del Taco Restaurants, Inc. 1 
 8-K 12/6/2021 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated September 21, 2007 
 8-K 9/24/2007 3.1.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 6, 1992 
 10-Q 5/14/2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jack in the Box Inc., effective as of November 14, 2024 
 8-K 11/20/2024 4.1 Base Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and between Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary. 
 8-K 7/8/2019 4.2 Series 2019-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and between Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer of the Series 2019-1 fixed rate senior secured notes, Class A-2, and Series 2019-1 variable funding senior notes, Class A-1, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series 2019-1 Securities Intermediary. 
 8-K 7/8/2019 4.3 Series 2022-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and between Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer of the Series 2022-1 fixed rate senior secured notes, Class A-2, and Series 2022-1 variable funding senior notes, Class A-1, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series 2022-1 Securities Intermediary. 
 8-K 2/15/2022 4.4 First Supplement to the Base Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and between Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary. 
 8-K 2/15/2022 10.1.20 Class A-1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and among Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, each of Different Rules, LLC, Jack in the Box Properties, LLC and Jack in the Box SPV Guarantor, LLC, as Guarantors, Jack in the Box Inc. as Manager, the conduit investors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, certain funding agents, and Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A., New York Branch, as L/C Provider, Swingline Lender and Administrative Agent 
 8-K 7/8/2019 10.1.21 The Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated July 8, 2019, by and among Jack in the Box SPV Guarantor, LLC, Different Rules, LLC, and Jack in the Box Properties, LLC, each as a Guarantor and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 7/8/2019 10.1.22 Management Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and among Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, certain subsidiaries of Jack in the Box Funding, LLC party thereto, Jack in the Box Inc., as Manager, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 7/8/2019 10.1.23 Voting Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2021, by and among Jack in the Box Inc., Belfer Investment Partners LP and Lime Partners LLC 
 8-K 12/6/2021 
 43 

Number Description Form Filed with SEC 10.1.24 Voting Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2021, by and among Jack in the Box Inc., Levy Family Partners LLC, Lawrence F. Levy, Ari Levy and certain other Del Taco stockholders party thereto 
 8-K 12/6/2021 10.1.25 2022-1 Class A-2 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2022, by and among Jack in the Box Inc., the subsidiaries of Jack in the Box Inc. party thereto and Guggenheim Securities, LLC acting on behalf of itself and as the representative of the initial purchasers. 
 8-K 2/3/2022 10.1.26 Class A-1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and among Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, each of Different Rules, LLC, Jack in the Box Properties, LLC and Jack in the Box SPV Guarantor, LLC, as Guarantors, Jack in the Box Inc. as Manager, the conduit investors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, certain funding agents, and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as L/C Provider, Swingline Lender and Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 2/15/2022 10.1.27 First Amendment to the Management Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and among Jack in the Box Funding, LLC, as Master Issuer, certain subsidiaries of Jack in the Box Funding, LLC party thereto, Jack in the Box Inc., as Manager, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 2/15/2022 10.2 Form of Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreement for Executives 
 10-Q 2/20/2008 10.2.1 Form of Revised Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreement for certain officers 
 10-Q 5/17/2012 10.2.2 Form of Revised Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreement for certain officers, dated May 8, 2014 
 10-K 11/21/2014 10.2.3 Form of Revised Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreement for certain officers, dated June 15, 2020 
 10-K 11/18/2020 10.2.20 Tim Mullany Separation and Release Agreement, dated February 2, 2023 
 10-Q 3/1/2023 10.2.21 Offer Letter by and between Brian Scott and Jack in the Box Inc., dated August 8, 2023 
 8-K 8/9/2023 10.2.22 Offer Letter by and between Carl Mount and Jack in the Box Inc., dated July 18 , 2024 
 _____ Filed herewith 10.2.23 Dean Gordon Consulting Services Agreement, dated August 5, 2024 
 _____ Filed herewith 10.2.24 Offer Letter by and between Lance Tucker and Jack in the Box Inc., dated November 6 , 2024 
 8-K 11/12/2024 10.3 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 10-Q 2/18/2009 10.3.1 First Amendment to Jack in the Box Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2009 
 8-K 9/22/2015 10.4 Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 2/18/2009 10.4.1 Jack in the Box Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2016 
 8-K 9/22/2015 10.5 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Management Directors 
 10-K 11/22/2006 10.8 Jack in the Box Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, Amended and Restated Effective February 17, 2012 
 DEF 14A 1/25/2017 10.8.1 Form of Restricted Stock Award for officers and certain members of management under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 8/5/2009 10.8.2 Jack in the Box Inc. Non-Employee Director Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 8-K 11/15/2005 10.8.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Director under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 11/22/2022 10.8.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 5/14/2015 10.8.5 Form of Stock Option and Performance Share Awards Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 11/22/2013 10.8.6 Form of Time-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 11/22/2013 10.8.7 Form of Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/19/2015 10.8.8 Form of Stock Option and Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/19/2015 
 44 

Number Description Form Filed with SEC 10.8.9 Form of Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/18/2016 10.8.10 Form of Stock Option and Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/18/2016 10.8.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 5/12/2016 10.8.12 Form of Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/21/2019 10.8.13 Jack in the Box Inc. Special Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 2/20/2020 10.8.14 Jack in the Box Inc. Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 11/23/2021 10.8.15 Jack in the Box Inc. Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 10-K 11/23/2021 10.8.16 Jack in the Box, Inc Omnibus Incentive Plan, dated March 3, 2023 
 10-Q 5/17/2023 10.8.17 Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice - Officer 
 10-Q 5/17/2023 10.8.18 Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice - Non-Officer 
 10-Q 5/17/2023 10.8.19 Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice - Director 
 10-Q 5/17/2023 10.8.20 Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice - Officer 
 10-Q 5/17/2023 10.8.21 Jack in the Box, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan - Option Grant Notice 
 10-Q 8/9/2023 10.10.2 Jack in the Box Inc. Performance Incentive Plan, Effective February 13, 2016 
 DEF 14A 1/11/2016 10.11 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and individual directors, officers and key employees 
 10-Q 8/10/2012 19.1 
 _____ Filed herewith 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 _____ Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 _____ Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 _____ Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 _____ Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 _____ Filed herewith 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 _____ Filed herewith 97.1 Jack in the Box Inc. Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 10-K 11/21/2023 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in iXBRL 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 1 Certain of the exhibits and schedules in this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) and 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 ITEM 15(b) All required exhibits are filed herein or incorporated by reference as described in Item 15(a)(3). 
 ITEM 15(c) All schedules have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable, immaterial or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 JACK IN THE BOX INC. By: /s/ DAWN HOOPER Dawn Hooper Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) November 20, 2024 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Darin Harris and Dawn Hooper, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ DARIN HARRIS Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) November 20, 2024 Darin Harris /s/ DAWN HOOPER Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) November 20, 2024 Dawn Hooper /s/ DAVID L. GOEBEL Director and Chairman of the Board November 20, 2024 David L. Goebel /s/ GUILLERMO DIAZ, JR. Director November 20, 2024 Guillermo Diaz, Jr. /s/ SHARON P. JOHN Director November 20, 2024 Sharon P. John /s/ MADELEINE A. KLEINER Director November 20, 2024 Madeleine A. Kleiner /s/ ENRIQUE RAMIREZ MENA Director November 20, 2024 Enrique Ramirez Mena /s/ MICHAEL W. MURPHY Director November 20, 2024 Michael W. Murphy /s/ JAMES M. MYERS Director November 20, 2024 James M. Myers /s/ VIVIEN M. YEUNG Director November 20, 2024 Vivien M. Yeung 
 46 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 
 
 Schedules not filed: All schedules have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable, immaterial, or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Jack in the Box Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jack in the Box Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, cash flows, and stockholders deficit for each of the fifty-two week periods ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fifty-two week periods ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated November 20, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Valuation of goodwill related to the Del Taco brand 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the goodwill balance as of September 29, 2024 was 25.4 million related to the Del Taco brand. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually during the third quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of impairment are present. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of the Company s reporting units exceed their carrying values. The Company s reporting units are their two restaurant brands, Jack in the Box and Del Taco. 
 We identified the evaluation of the goodwill impairment analysis for the Del Taco brand reporting unit as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment. Specifically, the revenue growth rate assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the Del Taco brand reporting unit were challenging to evaluate as changes in these assumptions could have had a significant effect on the Company s assessment of the impairment of the goodwill of that reporting unit. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill impairment assessment 
 F-2 

process, which included a control related to the review of the revenue growth rate assumptions used in the projected financial information. We evaluated the reasonableness of the revenue growth rate assumptions for the Del Taco brand reporting unit by comparing the revenue growth rate assumptions to industry reports. We also compared the Company s revenue growth rate assumptions to historical revenue growth rate trends to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. In addition, we performed sensitivity analyses over the Company s revenue growth rate assumptions to assess the impact any changes to those assumptions could have had on the Company s fair value estimate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1986. 
 San Diego, California 
 November 20, 2024 
 
 F-3 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses Current assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, at cost: Land Buildings Restaurant and other equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Other assets: Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Trademarks Goodwill Other assets, net Total other assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net of current maturities Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, issued 
 Common stock par value, shares authorized, and issued, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 Revenues: Company restaurant sales Franchise rental revenues Franchise royalties and other Franchise contributions for advertising and other services Operating costs and expenses, net: Food and packaging Payroll and employee benefits Occupancy and other Franchise occupancy expenses Franchise support and other costs Franchise advertising and other services expenses Selling, general, and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Pre-opening costs Goodwill impairment Other operating expense, net Gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants ) ) ) Earnings from operations Other pension and post-retirement expenses, net Interest expense, net Earnings from continuing operations and before income taxes ) Income taxes Net (loss) earnings ) Net (loss) earnings per share basic ) Net (loss) earnings per share diluted ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 Net (loss) earnings ) Other comprehensive income: Actuarial (losses) gains arising during the period ) Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service cost reclassified to earnings ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) earnings ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of franchise tenant improvement allowances and incentives Deferred finance cost amortization Loss on extinguishment of debt Excess tax deficiency from share-based compensation arrangements Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Pension and postretirement expense (Gains) losses on cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance 
 ) ) Gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants 
 ) ) ) Gains on acquisition of restaurants ) Losses (gains) on the disposition of property and equipment, net ) ) Impairment charges and other Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts and other receivables ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Pension and postretirement contributions ) ) ) Franchise tenant improvement allowance and incentive disbursements ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale and leaseback of assets Acquisition of Del Taco, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from the sale of company-operated restaurants Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Other Cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on revolving credit facilities Repayments of borrowings on revolving credit facilities ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Principal repayments on debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Payroll tax payments for equity award issuances ) ) ) Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Number of Shares Amount Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Balance at October 3, 2021 ) ) ) Shares issued under stock plans, including tax benefit Share-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Fair value of assumed Del Taco RSAs attributable to pre-combination service Net earnings Other comprehensive income Balance at October 2, 2022 ) ) ) Shares issued under stock plans, including tax benefit Share-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Balance at October 1, 2023 ) ) ) Shares issued under stock plans, including tax benefit Share-based compensation Dividends declared ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 company-operated and franchise-operated Jack in the Box restaurants and company-operated and franchise-operated Del Taco restaurants. 
 References to the Company throughout these notes to the consolidated financial statements are made using the first-person notations of we, us, and our. 
 As of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, restricted cash balances were million and million, respectively. ) Reversal (provision) for expected credit losses, net ) Write-offs charged against the allowance Balance as of end of period ) ) 
 F-9 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million as of the end of fiscal year 2024 and 2023, respectively. Related amortization expense for software implementation costs was million, million and million during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 to years. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million, million, and million in fiscal year 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 restaurant brands, Jack in the Box and Del Taco, are both operating segments and reporting units. 
 F-10 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million. Refer also to Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for results of these tests and for additional information. 
 million and million as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and are included in Other assets, net , in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Changes in cash surrender values are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. These policies reside in an umbrella trust for use only to pay plan benefits to participants or to pay creditors if the Company becomes insolvent. 
 F-11 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and million as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and are included in Accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 While we will continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment, we may determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain card balances due to, among other things, long periods of inactivity. In these circumstances, to the extent we determine there is no requirement for remitting balances to government agencies under unclaimed property laws, card balances may be recognized as income in our consolidated statements of operations. Amounts recognized on unredeemed gift card balances were million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 Pre-opening costs Pre-opening costs associated with the opening of a new restaurant or the remodeling of an existing restaurant consist primarily of property rent and employee training costs. Pre-opening costs associated with the opening of a restaurant that was closed upon acquisition consist of labor costs, maintenance and repair costs, and property rent. 
 million and million, respectively, and is included in Accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 of sales. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, marketing fund contributions from Del Taco franchise and company-operated restaurants were approximately of sales. 
 Production costs of commercials, programming, and other marketing activities are charged to the marketing funds when the advertising is first used for its intended purpose, and the costs of advertising are charged to operations as incurred. When contributions to the marketing fund exceed the related advertising expenses, advertising costs are accrued up to the amount of revenues on an annual basis since we are contractually obligated to spend these funds. When advertising costs are greater than the contributions to the marketing fund resulting in a deficit, the excess costs are covered by marketing fund contributions in the following year. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, the Jack in the Box marketing fund ended the year with a surplus and the additional amounts accrued were million and million, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, the Del Taco marketing fund ended the year with a million deficit and a million surplus, respectively. Total contributions made by the Company and marketing fund deficits, if any, are included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 consolidated advertising costs were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 F-12 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

2. 
 term, and generally require that franchisees pay royalty and marketing fees based upon a percentage of gross sales. The agreements also require franchisees to pay technology fees, as well as sourcing fees for Jack in the Box franchise agreements. 
 Disaggregation of revenue 
 Franchise rental revenues Franchise royalties Marketing fees Technology and sourcing fees Franchise fees and other services Total revenue 
 F-13 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Franchise rental revenues Franchise royalties Marketing fees Technology and sourcing fees Franchise fees and other services Total revenue 
 The following table disaggregates revenue by segment and primary source for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2022 (in thousands) : 
 Jack in the Box Del Taco Total Company restaurant sales Franchise rental revenues Franchise royalties Marketing fees Technology and sourcing fees Franchise fees and other services Total revenue 
 In October 2022, a Jack in the Box franchise operator paid the Company million in order to sell his restaurants to a new franchisee at the current standard royalty rate, which is lower than the royalty rate in the existing franchise agreements. The payment represented the difference between the existing royalty rate and the new royalty rate based on projected future sales for the remaining term of the existing agreements. The payment was non-refundable and not subject to any adjustments based on actual future sales. The Company determined the transaction represented the termination of the existing agreement rather than the transfer of an agreement between franchisees. As such, the million was recognized in franchise royalty revenue during the first quarter of 2023. 
 Contract liabilities Our contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue resulting from initial fees received from franchisees for new restaurant openings or new franchise terms, which are generally recognized over the franchise term. We classify these contract liabilities within Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Revenue recognized during the period ) ) Additions during the period Deferred franchise and development fees at end of period 
 As of September 29, 2024, approximately million of development fees related to unopened stores are included in deferred revenue. Timing of revenue recognition is dependent upon the timing of store openings and are recognized over the franchise term at the date of opening. 
 F-14 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 We have applied the optional exemption, as provided for under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which allows us to not disclose the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations when the transaction price is a sales-based royalty. 
 
 3. 
 of the outstanding equity interest of Del Taco for cash according to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 5, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ). The acquisition of Del Taco has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , with the Company treated as the accounting acquirer, which requires, among other things, that the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair value. Jack in the Box acquired Del Taco as a part of the Company s goal to gain greater scale and accelerate growth. 
 In connection with the transaction, the Company repaid Del Taco's existing debt of million related to a syndicated credit facility and Del Taco entered into a new syndicated credit facility. 
 The total purchase consideration for Del Taco was million. Each share of Del Taco common stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive in cash without interest, less any applicable withholding taxes Merger Consideration ). Additionally, in connection with the transaction, each Del Taco equity award granted under Del Taco s equity compensation plans was either (i) converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration or (ii) converted into equity awards with respect to Jack in the Box common stock. Other components of purchase consideration include cash paid to settle Del Taco s existing debt and million of seller transaction costs funded by Jack in the Box. 
 As part of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company assumed Del Taco s historical equity compensation plans. The awards under Del Taco s historical equity compensation plans that were not subject to accelerated vesting were exchanged for replacement awards of the Company, which included Del Taco s non-accelerating restricted stock awards non-accelerating RSAs ). Immediately following the Merger, these replacement awards were modified to accelerate the remaining vesting period to be following the Closing Date, other than the awards already scheduled to vest on June 30, 2022. The portion of the fair value of the replacement awards associated with pre-acquisition service of Del Taco s employees represented a component of the total purchase consideration. The remaining fair value of these replacement awards are subject to the recipients continued service and thus were excluded from the purchase price. The awards which are subject to continued service will be recognized ratably as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. 
 The acquisition of Del Taco was funded by cash on hand and borrowings under our 2022 Class A-2 Notes and 2022 Variable Funding Notes. The Company recognized transaction costs of million in fiscal 2022. These costs were associated with advisory, legal, and consulting services and are presented in Other operating expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-15 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Del Taco RSAs subject to accelerated vesting Del Taco RSUs subject to accelerated vesting Del Taco options subject to accelerated vesting Total Del Taco shares outstanding Merger Consideration (per Del Taco share) Total cash consideration paid to selling shareholders Del Taco transaction costs paid by Jack in the Box (1) Del Taco closing indebtedness settled by Jack in the Box (2) Replacement share-based payment awards pre-combination vesting expense Total aggregate purchase consideration 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Represents the portion of Del Taco merger-related transaction costs that were paid at the Closing Date by the Company. 
 (2) Represents the closing indebtedness of Del Taco s existing debt that was paid at the Closing Date by the Company. 
 Purchase price allocation 
 cash acquired 
 Assets: Accounts and other receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Trademarks Other assets Liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill 
 F-16 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million arising from the acquisition was primarily attributable to the market position and future growth potential of Del Taco for both company-operated and franchised restaurants related to future store openings, expansion into new markets, and expected synergies. of the goodwill resulting from the acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 
 Jack in the Box brand Total acquisition date goodwill 
 Refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for further details and for the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 Identifiable intangible assets The identifiable intangible assets acquired consist of trademarks, franchise and development agreements, and favorable subleases. The Company amortizes the fair value of the franchise and development agreements and favorable and unfavorable sublease assets and liabilities on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives. 
 The trademarks were valued using the relief from royalty method of the income approach, which was applied by discounting the after-tax royalties avoided by owning the trademark to present value. The key inputs and assumptions included the Company's estimates of the projected system wide sales, royalty rate and discount rate applicable to the trademark. 
 The franchise and development agreements were valued using the income approach, which was applied by discounting the projected after-tax cash flows associated with the agreements to present value. The key inputs and assumptions included the Company's estimates of the projected royalties received under the existing franchise and development agreements (including the impact of franchise churn) and the applicable discount rate. 
 The favorable and unfavorable sublease assets and liabilities were valued using the income approach, which was applied by discounting the differential between the market rent and contract rent to present value. The key inputs and assumptions included the Company's estimates of the market rent, contract rent and discount rate applicable to the favorable and unfavorable subleases. 
 Indefinite Franchise contracts Sublease assets Estimated fair value of acquired intangible assets 
 The estimated values of sublease liabilities totaled approximately million. These liabilities have an estimated weighted-average useful life of approximately years and are included in Other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unaudited pro forma results 
 Net earnings 
 
 F-17 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million and net earnings of million. 
 
 4. 
 Restaurants sold to Del Taco franchisees Proceeds from the sale of company-operated restaurants (1) Broker commissions ) Net assets sold (primarily property and equipment) ) ) ) Goodwill related to the sale of company-operated restaurants ) ) ) Franchise fees ) ) Sublease liabilities, net ) ) Lease termination ) ) Other (2) ) ) Gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Amounts in 2024, 2023, and 2022 include additional proceeds of million, million, and million, respectively, related to the extension of the underlying franchise and lease agreements from the sale of restaurants in prior years. 
 (2) Amount in 2024 is primarily comprised of a million loss on sale of assets related to a Del Taco refranchising transaction that closed in the second quarter of 2024. Amount in 2023 is primarily related to charges for a restaurant that was closed due to refranchising the related market. 
 Franchise acquisitions In 2024, Del Taco purchased franchise-operated restaurants for thousand as part of three separate transactions, and recognized related gains of million. In 2022, Jack in the Box acquired franchise restaurants for total consideration of million, comprised of franchise receivables owed to the Company as of the acquisition date. There were such acquisitions in 2023. We account for the acquisition of franchised restaurants using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The purchase price allocations were based on fair value estimates determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 F-18 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Restaurants acquired from Del Taco franchisees Purchase price (1) ) ) Closing and acquisition costs ) Property and equipment Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liability ) Gain on the acquisition of franchise-operated restaurants 
 (1) The amounts related to outstanding receivables from franchisee forgiven upon acquisition 
 Other property and equipment (2) Del Taco restaurants to be refranchised: Property and equipment Goodwill Assets held for sale 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Consists of properties that are currently leased to franchisees which we intend to sell the underlying real estate directly to the franchisee and/or sell and leaseback with a third party within the next twelve months. 
 (2) Consists primarily of owned properties of closed restaurants which we are actively marketing for sale. 
 
 F-19 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 5. 
 Accumulated impairment losses Balance at October 2, 2022 
 Sale of Del Taco company-operated restaurants to franchisees ) ) Sale of Jack in the Box company-operated restaurants to franchisees ) ) Reclassified to assets held for sale ) ) Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses Balance at October 1, 2023 
 Impairment of goodwill ) ) Sale of Del Taco company-operated restaurants to franchisees ) ) Reclassified to assets held for sale ) ) ) Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 
 
 As of the June 9, 2024 testing date, the balance of the Del Taco reporting unit goodwill was million. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company identified triggering events that indicated the goodwill allocated to the Del Taco reporting unit might be impaired. The triggering events related to i) a recent negative trend in Del Taco same store sales, ii) lower margins due in part to lower sales and wage increases required in California effective April 1, 2024 under AB 1228 and iii) unfavorable changes in the economic environment specifically impacting our industry, including inflation and interest rates. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative test over the Del Taco reporting unit, noting that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value, which resulted in an impairment of goodwill of million. The Company determined that there was no such triggering event for the Jack in the Box reporting unit during 2024. 
 In performing a quantitative test for impairment of goodwill for Del Taco, we primarily use the income approach method of valuation that includes the discounted cash flow method and the market approach that includes the guideline public company method to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. Significant assumptions made by management to estimate fair value under the discounted cash flow method include future cash flow assumptions. The Company also performed a quantitative analysis over its indefinite-lived intangible trademark asset, as well as over its definite-lived intangible assets to determine whether any impairment would need to be recognized, noting none. 
 In connection with the goodwill impairment test, the Company also performed a quantitative analysis over its long-lived assets, noting of million, which was recorded in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 F-20 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 ) ) Franchise contracts ) ) Reacquired franchise rights ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Del Taco trademark 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 6. 
 
 Total liabilities at fair value Fair value measurements as of October 1, 2023: 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (1) Total liabilities at fair value 
 ________________________ 
 (1) We maintain an unfunded defined contribution plan for key executives and other members of management. The fair value of this obligation is based on the closing market prices of the participants elected investments. The obligation is included in Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) We did not have any transfers in or out of Level 1, 2, or 3. 
 Series 2022 Class A-2 Notes 
 F-21 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million of outstanding borrowings under our Variable Funding Notes. The fair value of these loans approximates their carrying value due to the variable rate nature of these borrowings. 
 Non-financial assets and liabilities Our non-financial instruments, which primarily consist of property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, goodwill, and intangible assets, are reported at carrying value and are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. However, on an annual basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable, non-financial instruments are assessed for impairment. If applicable, the carrying values are written down to fair value. 
 In connection with our impairment reviews performed during 2024, the Company impaired certain assets. For further information, see Note 4, Summary of Refranchisings and Assets Held For Sale , Note 5, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net , and Note 9, Other Operating Expenses, Net in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7. 
 Fixed Rate Class A-2-II Notes 
 Series 2019-1 Fixed Rate Class A-2-III Notes 
 Series 2022-1 Fixed Rate Class A-2-I Notes 
 Series 2022-1 Fixed Rate Class A-2-II Notes 
 Series 2022-1 Variable Funding Notes, variable interest rate of at September 29, 2024 
 Finance lease obligations and other debt Total debt Less current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Less unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 Securitization refinancing transaction On February 11, 2022, the Company completed the sale of million of its Series 2022-1 Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-I (the Class A-2-I Notes and million of its Series 2022-1 Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2-II (the Class A-2-II and, together with the Class A-2-I Notes, the 2022 Notes ). Interest payments on the 2022 Notes are payable on a quarterly basis. The anticipated repayment dates of the 2022 Class A-2-I Notes and the Class A-2-II Notes are February 2027 and February 2032, respectively (the Anticipated Repayment Dates ), unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted. The anticipated repayment dates of the existing 2019-1 Class A-2-II Notes and the Class A-2-III Notes are August 2026 and August 2029, respectively. 
 The Company also entered into a revolving financing facility of Series 2022-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes (the Variable Funding Notes ), which permits borrowings up to a maximum of million, subject to certain borrowing conditions, a portion of which may be used to issue letters of credit. As of September 29, 2024, we had million in outstanding borrowings and had available borrowing capacity of million , net of letters of credits issued of million . 
 The net proceeds of the sale of the 2022 Notes were used to repay in full of million in aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Company s Series 2019-1 Class A-2-I Notes, together with the applicable make-whole premium and unpaid interest, and was used to fund a portion of the Company s acquisition of Del Taco. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million during the second quarter of 2022, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a specified make-whole premium payment, and is presented in Interest expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, in connection with the 2022 Notes, the Company capitalized million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the Anticipated Repayment Dates, utilizing the effective interest rate method. The costs related to our Variable Funding Notes are presented within Other assets, net and are being amortized over the Anticipated Repayment Date of February 2027 using the straight-line method. As of September 29, 2024, the effective interest rates, including the amortization of debt issuance costs, were , , , and for the Series 2019-1 Class A-2-II Notes, Series 2019-1 Class A-2-III Notes, Series 2022-1 Class A-2-I Notes, and Series 2022-1 Class A-2-II Notes, respectively. 
 F-22 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 x. Exceeding the leverage ratio of x does not violate any covenant related to the Class A-2 Notes. Subsequent to closing the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company has had a leverage ratio of greater than x and, accordingly, the Company is making the scheduled principal payments on its 2022 Notes and Series 2019-1 Notes. 
 Variable Funding Notes Depending on the type of borrowing under the Variable Funding Notes, interest on the Variable Funding Notes will be based on (i) the prime rate, (ii) overnight federal funds rates, (iii) the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars or (iv) the lenders commercial paper funding rate plus any applicable margin, as set forth in the Variable Funding Note Purchase Agreement. There is a scaled commitment fee on the unused portion of the Variable Funding Notes facility of between and basis points. The principal and interest on the Variable Funding Notes were repaid in full in October 2024. Following the anticipated repayment date (and any extensions thereof), additional interest will accrue equal to per annum. 
 Guarantees and collateral Pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated July 8, 2019 (the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement ), among the Guarantors, in favor of the trustee, the Guarantors guarantee the obligations of the Master Issuer under the Indenture and related documents and secure the guarantee by granting a security interest in substantially all of their assets. The Notes are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Master Issuer and the Guarantors (collectively, the Securitization Entities ). The assets of the Securitization Entities include most of the revenue-generating assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, which principally consist of franchise-related agreements, certain company-operated restaurants, intellectual property and license agreements for the use of intellectual property. Upon certain trigger events, mortgages will be required to be prepared and recorded on the real estate assets. 
 Revolving credit facility In connection with the Del Taco acquisition, Del Taco s existing debt of million related to a Syndicated Credit Facility dated August 5, 2015, was repaid and extinguished on the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, Del Taco entered into a new syndicated credit facility with an aggregate principal amount of up to million, which now matures on February 28, 2025. The Company capitalized million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the expected term of the credit facility. The revolving credit facility, as amended, included a limit of million for letters of credit, all of which were cancelled as of September 29, 2024. As of September 29, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings and available borrowing capacity of million under the facility. 
 Bridge commitment letter In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company secured commitments for a bridge financing facility in an amount of up to million (the Bridge Facility ). No amounts were drawn under the Bridge Facility, which was terminated as a result of our securitization refinancing transaction. The Company expensed approximately million for the unamortized issuance costs associated with this commitment which is presented in Interest expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 F-23 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 8. 
 years, exclusive of options to renew, which are generally exercisable at our sole discretion for to years. In some instances, our leases have provisions for contingent rentals based upon a percentage of defined revenues. Many of our restaurants also have rent escalation clauses and require the payment of property taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. Variable lease costs include contingent rent, cost-of-living index adjustments, and payments for additional rent such as real estate taxes, insurance, and common area maintenance, which are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability. We also lease certain restaurant and office equipment with initial terms generally ranging from to years. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 As lessor, our leases and subleases primarily consist of restaurants that have been leased to franchisees subsequent to refranchising transactions. The lease descriptions, terms, variable lease payments and renewal options are generally the same as the lessee leases described above. Revenues from leasing arrangements with our franchisees are presented in Franchise rental revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings, and the related expenses are presented in Franchise occupancy expenses. 
 Company as lessee 
 Finance lease ROU assets (1) Total ROU assets Liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Current finance lease liabilities (2) Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities (2) Total lease liabilities 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Included in Property and equipment, net on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in Current maturities of long-term debt and Long-term debt, net of current maturities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Interest on lease liabilities (2) Operating lease cost (3) Short-term lease cost (3) Variable lease cost (3)(4) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Included in Depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (2) Included in Interest expense, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 (3) Operating lease, short-term and variable lease costs associated with franchisees and company-operated restaurants are included in Franchise occupancy expenses and Occupancy and other, respectively, in our consolidated statements of earnings. For our closed restaurants, these costs are included in Other operating expense, net and all other costs are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 (4) Includes million, million, and million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, of property taxes and common area maintenance costs which are reimbursed by sub-lessees. 
 F-24 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future lease payments (1) Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities Less current portion ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Total future lease payments include non-cancellable commitments of million for finance leases and million for operating leases. 
 Equipment Less accumulated amortization ) ) 
 Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from financing leases Supplemental noncash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease obligations 
 Sale and leaseback transactions In fiscal 2024, we sold restaurant property in a sale and leaseback transaction for net proceeds of million, and recorded a total loss of less than million. The lease has been accounted for as an operating lease and contains an initial term of years. 
 In fiscal 2023, we sold restaurant property in a sale and leaseback transaction for net proceeds of million, and recorded a total loss of less than million. The lease has been accounted for as an operating lease and contains an initial term of years. 
 F-25 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 restaurant properties in sale and leaseback transactions for net proceeds of million, and recorded total losses of million. The leases have been accounted for as operating leases and contain initial terms of 16 years and years. 
 Company as lessor 
 Variable lease income - franchise Amortization of sublease assets and liabilities, net Franchise rental revenues Operating lease income - closed restaurants and other (1) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Primarily relates to closed restaurant properties included in Other operating expense, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum rental receipts 
 Buildings Equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 9. 
 Costs of closed restaurants and other Restaurant impairment charges Accelerated depreciation Gains on acquisition of restaurants ) ) Losses (gains) on disposition of property and equipment, net ) ) Other operating expenses, net 
 F-26 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million relating to under-performing Jack in the Box restaurants currently held for use, million relating to under-performing Jack in the Box restaurants to be closed, and million relating to underperforming Del Taco restaurants. In 2023, impairment charges included million relating to under-performing Del Taco restaurants currently held for use. In 2022, impairment charges included amounts related to Jack in the Box company-operated restaurants that were closed in connection with the sale of the related markets as well as amounts related to Jack in the Box restaurants leased or subleased to franchisees for which the lease and franchise agreements were terminated early. 
 Accelerated depreciation When a long-lived asset will be replaced or otherwise disposed of prior to the end of its estimated useful life, the useful life of the asset is adjusted based on the estimated disposal date and accelerated depreciation is recognized. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, accelerated depreciation primarily related to facility improvements, restaurant remodels, and information technology assets. 
 Gains on acquisition of restaurants In 2024, gains primarily relate to the gains on acquisition of Del Taco restaurants. Refer also to Note 4, Summary of Refranchisings and Franchise Acquisitions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for results of these tests and for additional information. 
 Losses (gains) on disposition of property and equipment, net In 2024, losses primarily relate to the disposal of other property and equipment for Del Taco, partially offset by gains primarily relating to the sale of Jack in the Box restaurant properties to franchisees who were leasing the properties from us prior to the sale. In 2023, gains primarily relate to the sale of Jack in the Box restaurant properties to franchisees who were leasing the properties from us prior to the sale. In 2022, gains primarily relate to the sale of closed restaurant properties. 
 
 10. 
 F-27 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Del Taco restaurant operations Consolidated revenues Segment profit reconciliation: Jack in the Box segment profit Del Taco segment profit Shared services ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Acquisition, integration and strategic initiatives Share-based compensation Net COLI (gains) losses ) ) Goodwill impairment Gains on the sale of company-operated restaurants ) ) ) Gains on acquisition of restaurants ) ) Amortization of favorable and unfavorable leases and subleases, net Earnings from operations 
 We do not evaluate, manage or measure performance of segments using asset, pension or post-retirement expense, interest income and expense, or income tax information; accordingly, this information by segment is not prepared or disclosed. 
 
 11. 
 State Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) ) Income tax expense from continuing operations 
 F-28 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) Income tax at federal statutory rate ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Tax credits, net of valuation allowance ) ) ) ) ) Nondeductible goodwill related to impairment ) Nondeductible goodwill related to the sale of company-operated restaurants ) Nondeductible transaction costs Expense (benefit) related to COLIs ) ) ) Officers compensation limitation ) Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 Accrued defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits Deferred income Accrued legal settlements Accrued insurance Share-based compensation Accrued incentive compensation Capitalized research costs Tax loss and tax credit carryforwards Accrued compensation expense Other reserves and allowances Property and equipment, net of impairment Other, net Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating and finance lease ROU assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Investment basis limitation ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Deferred tax assets as of September 29, 2024 include state gross net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, of which million has an indefinite carryforward. The remainder will expire at various times between 2026 and 2042. At September 29, 2024, California Enterprise Zone Credit carryforwards expired, and the Company released million of deferred tax assets and million of valuation allowances thereto. We believe it is more likely than not that all other deferred tax assets will be realized through future taxable income or alternative tax strategies. 
 F-29 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

12. 
 qualified savings plans pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code IRC the Jack in the Box Inc. Easy aver Plus Plan and the Del Taco Savings Plan. Effective January 1, 2024, the Del Taco Savings Plan was merged into the Easy aver Plus Plan so that now we maintain qualified savings plan. The plan allows all employees who meet certain age and minimum service requirements to defer a percentage of their pay on a pre-tax basis. Our contributions under these plans were million, million, and million in each fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We also maintain an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan for key executives and other members of management whose compensation deferrals or company matching contributions to the qualified savings plan are limited due to IRC rules. Effective January 1, 2016, this non-qualified plan was amended to replace the company matching contribution with an annual restoration match that is intended to restore up to the full match for participants whose elective deferrals (and related company matching contributions) to the qualified savings plan were limited due to IRC rules. A participant s right to the Company restoration match vests immediately. This plan allows participants to defer up to of their salary and of their bonus, on a pre-tax basis. Our contributions under the non-qualified deferred compensation plan were million in fiscal year 2024, million in fiscal year 2023, and less than million in fiscal year 2022. 
 Defined benefit pension plans We sponsor defined benefit pension plans, a Qualified Plan covering substantially all full-time employees hired prior to January 1, 2011, and an unfunded supplemental executive retirement plan SERP which provides certain employees additional pension benefits and was closed to new participants effective January 1, 2007. In fiscal 2011, the Board of Directors approved changes to our Qualified Plan whereby participants no longer accrue benefits effective December 31, 2015. Benefits under both plans are based on the employees years of service and compensation over defined periods of employment. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company amended its Qualified Plan to purchase certain annuity contracts from a third-party company, relieving the Company of its related obligation for future payment (the Annuity Purchase Agreement ). As a result of the Annuity Purchase Agreement, the Company s Qualified Plan paid million from its plan assets to the third-party, thereby reducing the plan s pension benefit obligation PBO ). 
 Postretirement healthcare plans We also sponsor healthcare plans, closed to new participants, that provide postretirement medical benefits to certain employees who have met minimum age and service requirements. The plans are contributory, with retiree contributions adjusted annually, and contain other cost-sharing features such as deductibles and coinsurance. 
 F-30 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Interest cost Participant contributions Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and other ) Obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Participant contributions Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and other ) Fair value at end of year Funded (unfunded) status at end of year ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized on the balance sheet: Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Total asset (liability) recognized ) ) ) ) Amounts in AOCI not yet reflected in net periodic benefit cost: Unamortized actuarial loss (gain), net ) ) Unamortized prior service cost Total ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (loss) gain ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) Total recognized in OCI ) ) Net periodic benefit (credit) cost ) ) Total recognized in comprehensive income Amounts in AOCI expected to be amortized in next fiscal net periodic benefit cost: Net actuarial loss (gain) ) 
 The net actuarial loss arising in the current year is primarily attributable to the impact of lower discount rates, partially offset by an increase in the actual return on plan assets. 
 F-31 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets SERP: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Actuarial loss Net periodic benefit (credit) cost ) SERP: Interest cost Actuarial loss Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost Net periodic benefit cost Postretirement health plans: Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Net periodic benefit (credit) cost ) ) ) 
 Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis from date of participation to full eligibility. Unrecognized gains or losses are amortized using the corridor approach under which the net gain or loss in excess of 10 of the greater of the PBO or the market-related value of the assets, if applicable, is amortized. For our Qualified Plan, actuarial losses are amortized over the average future expected lifetime of all participants expected to receive benefits. For our SERP, actuarial losses are amortized over the expected remaining future lifetime for inactive participants, and for our postretirement health plans, actuarial losses are amortized over the expected remaining future lifetime of inactive participants expected to receive benefits. 
 F-32 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

SERP: Discount rate Postretirement health plans: Discount rate Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost (2) (3): Qualified Plan: Discount rate Long-term rate of return on assets SERP: Discount rate Postretirement health plans: Discount rate 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Determined as of end of year. 
 (2) There is no assumed rate of increase, as there are active employees in any of the fiscal years presented. 
 (3) Determined as of beginning of year . 
 The assumed discount rates were determined by considering the average of pension yield curves constructed of a population of high-quality bonds with a Moody s or Standard and Poor s rating of AA or better whose cash flow from coupons and maturities match the year-by-year projected benefit payments from the plans. As benefit payments typically extend beyond the date of the longest maturing bond, cash flows beyond years were discounted back to the 30th year and then matched like any other payment. 
 The assumed expected long-term rate of return on assets is the weighted-average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the pension obligations. The long-term rate of return on assets was determined taking into consideration our projected asset allocation and economic forecasts prepared with the assistance of our actuarial consultants. 
 The assumed discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on assets have a significant effect on amounts reported for our pension and postretirement plans. If the discount rate and expected rate of return on assets used were to decrease by , fiscal 2024 earnings before income taxes would have decreased by million and decreased by million, respectively. 
 Participants age 65 or older Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline: Participants under age 65 Participants age 65 or older Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate: Participants under age 65 2031 2031 2030 Participants age 65 or older 2031 2031 2028 
 The assumed healthcare cost trend rate represents our estimate of the annual rates of change in the costs of the healthcare benefits currently provided by our postretirement plans. The healthcare cost trend rate implicitly considers estimates of healthcare inflation, changes in healthcare utilization and delivery patterns, technological advances and changes in the health status of the plan participants. The healthcare cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. 
 F-33 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Global equity Alternative credit Real assets Liability-hedging assets 
 2023 Target Minimum Maximum Cash cash equivalents Global equity Alternative credit Real assets Liability-hedging assets 
 The Company measures its defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the month-end date closest to its fiscal year end, which is a practical expedient under FASB authoritative guidance. 
 Equity: Global equity (2) Fixed income: Liability-hedging assets (4) Alternative credit (5) Real assets (6) Fair Value at September 30, 2023: Cash and cash equivalents (1) Equity: Global equity (2) Fixed income: Liability-hedging assets (4) Alternative credit (5) Real assets (6) 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Cash and cash equivalents are comprised of commercial paper, short-term bills and notes, and short-term investment funds, which are valued at quoted prices in active markets for similar securities. 
 F-34 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Future cash flows Our policy is to fund our plans at or above the minimum required by law. As of the date of our last actuarial funding valuation, there was minimum requirement. We do not anticipate making any contributions to our Qualified Plan in fiscal 2025. 
 Estimated future year benefit payments during fiscal years: 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030-2034 
 We will continue to evaluate contributions to our Qualified Plan based on changes in pension assets as a result of asset performance in the current market and economic environment. Expected benefit payments are based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligations at September 29, 2024 and include estimated future employee service, if applicable. 
 
 13. 
 common shares in connection with the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock purchase rights, restricted stock bonuses, restricted stock units, or performance units to our employees and directors. As of January 1, 2023, no additional awards were granted under the Prior Plan. Our Jack in the Box Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan Plan authorizes the issuance of up to common shares plus Prior Plan returning shares in connection with outstanding awards as of January 6, 2023 that on or following such date are not issued, settled in cash, or fail to vest. The Plan is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company, and provide a means by which such persons may benefit from increases in value of the common stock. The Plan provides for the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, or performance stock awards, to our employees and directors. There were shares of common stock available for future issuance under this plan as of September 29, 2024. 
 We also maintain a deferred compensation plan for non-management directors under which those who are eligible to receive fees or retainers may choose to defer receipt of their compensation. The deferred amounts are converted to stock equivalents. The plan requires settlement in shares of our common stock based on the number of stock equivalents and dividend equivalents at the time of a participant s separation from the Board of Directors. This plan provides for the issuance of up to shares of common stock in connection with the crediting of stock equivalents. There were shares of common stock available for future issuance under this plan as of September 29, 2024. 
 F-35 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Stock options Performance share awards Nonvested restricted stock awards Non-management directors deferred compensation Total share-based compensation expense 
 Nonvested restricted stock units Nonvested restricted stock units RSUs are generally issued to employees and non-employee directors. Grants to executive officers of time-vesting RSUs vest ratably over or , are subject to a stock holding requirement of of after-tax net shares resulting from the vesting of RSUs, and must be held until the multiple of base salary stock ownership is met. There were RSU s vesting over , and RSU s vesting over , outstanding as of September 29, 2024. RSUs issued to non-management directors vest months from the date of grant, or upon termination of board service, including RSUs for which the director elected to defer receipt until termination of board service, and totaled units outstanding as of September 29, 2024. RSUs issued to certain other employees either cliff vest or vest ratably over and totaled units outstanding as of September 29, 2024. These awards are amortized to compensation expense over the estimated vesting period based upon the fair value of our common stock on the award date discounted by the present value of the expected dividend stream over the vesting period. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) RSUs outstanding at September 29, 2024 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted was , , and in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. In fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, the total fair value of RSUs that vested and were released was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Stock options Option grants have contractual terms of and employee options vest over a period. Options may vest sooner upon retirement from the Company for employees meeting certain age and years of service thresholds. All option grants provide for an option exercise price equal to the closing market value of the common stock on the date of grant. 
 Expired ) Options outstanding at September 29, 2024 
 Options exercisable at September 29, 2024 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is the amount by which the current market price of our stock on September 29, 2024 exceeds the weighted-average exercise price. 
 F-36 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 stock option awards were granted in fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022. 
 As of September 29, 2024, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options grants. There were stock options exercised in fiscal year 2024. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was less than million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Performance share awards Performance share awards, granted in the form of stock units, represent a right to receive a certain number of shares of common stock based on the achievement of corporate performance goals and continued employment during the vesting period. Performance share awards issued to executives vest at the end of a period and vested amounts may range from to a maximum of of targeted amounts depending on the achievement of performance measures at the end of a period. If the awardee ceases to be employed by the Company prior to the last day of the performance period due to retirement, disability, or death, the performance share awards become vested pro-rata based on the number of full accounting periods the awardee was continuously employed by the Company during the performance period. The expected cost of the shares is based on the fair value of our stock on the date of grant and is reflected over the vesting period with a reduction for estimated forfeitures. These awards may be settled in cash or shares of common stock at the election of the Company on the date of grant. It is our intent to settle these awards with shares of common stock. 
 Granted Issued ) Forfeited ) Performance adjustments Performance share awards outstanding at September 29, 2024 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to performance share awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted was , , and in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The total fair value of awards that became fully vested during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Nonvested restricted stock awards As part of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company assumed Del Taco s historical equity compensation plans. The awards under Del Taco s historical equity compensation plans that were not subject to accelerated vesting were exchanged for replacement awards of the Company, which included Del Taco s non-accelerating restricted stock awards. Immediately following the Merger, these replacement awards were modified to accelerate the remaining vesting period to be following the Closing Date, other than the awards already scheduled to vest on June 30, 2022. 
 As of September 29, 2024, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock awards. The total fair value of awards that vested and were released during fiscal 2023 was million. 
 Non-management directors deferred compensation All awards outstanding under our directors deferred compensation plan are accounted for as equity-based awards and deferred amounts are converted into stock equivalents based on a per share price equal to the average of the closing price of our common stock for the trading days immediately preceding the date the deferred compensation is credited to the director s account. During fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, shares of common stock were issued in connection with a director retirement. 
 F-37 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 Deferred directors compensation Dividend equivalents Stock distribution ) Stock equivalents outstanding at September 29, 2024 

14. 
 million shares of its common stock for an aggregate cost of million, including applicable excise tax. As of September 29, 2024, there was million remaining amount under share repurchase programs authorized by the Board of Directors which do not expire. 
 Dividends In fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors declared cash dividends of , respectively, totaling million. Future dividends are subject to approval by our Board of Directors. 
 
 15. 
 Effect of potentially dilutive securities: Nonvested stock awards and units Stock options Performance share awards Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Excluded from diluted weighted-average shares outstanding: Antidilutive Performance conditions not satisfied at the end of the period 
 
 16. 
 million over the next . 
 We also have entered into various arrangements with vendors providing information technology services with early termination fees. The Company s unconditional purchase obligations on these contracts total approximately million over the next . 
 F-38 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million for all of its legal matters in aggregate, presented within Accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. When evaluating litigation contingencies, we may be unable to provide a meaningful estimate due to a number of factors, including the procedural status of the matter in question, the availability of appellate remedies, insurance coverage related to the claim or claims in question, the presence of complex or novel legal theories, and the ongoing discovery and development of information important to the matter. In addition, damage amounts claimed in litigation against us may be unsupported, exaggerated, or unrelated to possible outcomes, and as such are not meaningful indicators of our potential liability or financial exposure. The Company regularly reviews contingencies to determine the adequacy of the accruals and related disclosures. The ultimate amount of loss may differ from these estimates. Any estimate is not an indication of expected loss, if any, or of the Company s maximum possible loss exposure and the ultimate amount of loss may differ materially from these estimates in the near term. 
 Gessele v. Jack in the Box Inc. In August 2010, former Jack in the Box employees instituted litigation in federal court in Oregon alleging claims under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act and Oregon wage and hour laws. The plaintiffs alleged that Jack in the Box failed to pay non-exempt employees for certain meal breaks and improperly made payroll deductions for shoe purchases and for workers compensation expenses, and later added additional claims relating to timing of final pay and related wage and hour claims involving employees of a franchisee. In 2016, the court dismissed the federal claims and those relating to franchise employees. In June 2017, the court granted class certification with respect to state law claims of improper deductions and late payment of final wages. The parties participated in a voluntary mediation on March 16, 2020, but the matter did not settle. On October 24, 2022, a jury awarded plaintiffs approximately million in damages and penalties. The Company continues to dispute liability and the damage award and will defend against both through post-trial motions and all other available appellate remedies. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has accrued the verdict amount above, as well as pre-judgment and post-judgment interest and an estimated fee award, for an additional million. These amounts are included within Accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of September 29, 2024. The Company will continue to accrue for post-judgment interest until the matter is resolved. 
 Torrez In March 2014, a former Del Taco employee filed a purported Private Attorneys General Act claim and class action alleging various causes of action under California s labor, wage, and hour laws. The plaintiff generally alleges Del Taco did not appropriately provide meal and rest breaks and failed to pay wages and reimburse business expenses to its California non-exempt employees. On November 12, 2021, the court granted, in part, the plaintiff's motion for class certification. The parties participated in a voluntary mediation on May 24, 2022 and June 3, 2022. On June 4, 2022, we entered into a Settlement Memorandum of Understanding (the Agreement which obligates the Company to pay a gross settlement amount of million, for which in exchange we will be released from all claims by the parties. On August 8, 2023, the court issued its final approval of the settlement and on August 9, 2023 final judgment was entered. The Company made the full payments for the settlement amounts. As of September 29, 2024, the Company has further amounts accrued on its consolidated balance sheet. 
 J D Restaurant Group On April 17, 2019, the trustee for a bankrupt former franchisee filed a complaint generally alleging the Company wrongfully terminated the franchise agreements and unreasonably denied perspective purchasers the former franchisee presented. The parties participated in a mediation in April 2021, and again in December 2022, but the matter did not settle. Trial commenced on January 9, 2023. On February 8, 2023, the jury returned a verdict finding the Company had not breached any contracts in terminating the franchise agreements or denying the proposed buyers. However, while the jury also found the Company had not violated the California Unfair Practices Act, it found for the plaintiff on the claim for breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and awarded million in damages. On May 9, 2023, the court granted the Company s post-trial motion, overturning the jury verdict and ordering the plaintiff take nothing on its claims. As a result, the Company reversed the prior million accrual, and as of September 29, 2024, the Company has amounts accrued for this case on its consolidated balance sheet. The Plaintiff has appealed the trial court s post-trial rulings. 
 Other legal matters In addition to the matters described above, we are subject to normal and routine litigation brought by former or current employees, customers, franchisees, vendors, landlords, shareholders, or others. We intend to defend ourselves in any such matters. Some of these matters may be covered, at least in part, by insurance or other third-party indemnity obligation. We record receivables from third party insurers when recovery has been determined to be probable. 
 F-39 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 million. The lease terms extend for a maximum of approximately more years, and we would remain a guarantor of the leases in the event the leases are extended for any established renewal periods. In the event of default, we believe the exposure is limited due to contractual protections and recourse available in the lease agreements, as well as the Qdoba Purchase Agreement, including a requirement of the landlord to mitigate damages by re-letting the properties in default, and indemnity from the Buyer. The Company has not recorded a liability for these guarantees as we believe the likelihood of making any future payments is remote. 
 
 17. 
 Interest payments Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Increase in notes and accounts receivable from the sale of restaurant properties Increase in dividends accrued or converted to common stock equivalents Consideration for franchise acquisitions (Decrease) increase in obligations for purchases of property and equipment ) 
 F-40 

JACK IN THE BOX INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

 18. 
 Notes receivable, current portion Income tax receivable Other Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Other assets, net: Company-owned life insurance policies Franchise tenant improvement allowances Deferred rent receivable Notes receivable, less current portion Other Accrued liabilities: Income tax liabilities Payroll and related taxes Legal accruals Insurance Sales and property taxes Deferred rent income Advertising Deferred franchise fees and development fees Other Other long-term liabilities: Defined benefit pension plans Deferred franchise and development fees Other 

19. 
 per share, to be paid on December 30, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 12, 2024. Future dividends will be subject to approval by our Board of Directors. 
 F-41 

<EX-10.2 22>
 2
 ex102222024-mountofferlett.htm
 EX-10.2 22

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2.22 

July 18, 2024 

Mr. Carl Mount 

Congratulations! On behalf of Jack in the Box Inc. and its Brands Company ), we re pleased to confirm our offer to you for the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer CSCO of Jack in the Box Inc. (the Company reporting to Darin Harris, CEO. Your anticipated first day of work is Monday, August 26, 2024. This offer is contingent upon completion of a favorable background check and satisfactory completion of the Directors & Officers Questionnaire D&O Questionnaire ). 
 
 Orientation You will be contacted to schedule your in-person new hire orientation during your first week at the Jack in the Box Restaurant Support Center (RSC) in San Diego. Please Note You will need to provide original documents to complete section 2 of the Form I9. 
 
 Remote-Based Work Arrangement As agreed, you will be based in Arizona and be required and expected to travel to the RSC in San Diego as business needs require. Any and all qualified expenses related to business travel to and from Arizona to San Diego should not exceed 5,000 per month and must be in compliance with the Company s travel and expense policy. This amount may be subject to change at the discretion of the Company based on the needs of the business and as work demands necessitate. 
 Base Compensation Your annual salary will be 450,000, paid on a bi-weekly basis equal to 17,307.70 per pay period. 
 
 Allowance You will receive a non-taxable annual technology allowance of 1,170, paid on a bi-weekly basis equal to 45 per pay period. This is intended to assist with the cost of using your personal cell phone, internet, or other device for business purposes. 
 
 Annual Incentive (Bonus) Beginning with the Company s fiscal year 2025 (which begins September 30, 2024), you will be eligible to participate in the annual Performance Incentive Program for Jack in the Box executive officers with incentive payments based on attainment of Company performance targets for the fiscal year. 
 
 The target annual incentive potential for the CSCO position is 60 of base salary, up to a maximum potential of 2x target (120 ), payable as a lump sum cash payment. To be eligible to receive payment, you must be employed at the time of payment. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) As CSCO, you will be eligible to receive your first annual long-term incentive stock grant, anticipated to be in November or December 2024, equal to an LTI value of 500,000 at grant, with the number of shares determined by reference to the 20-day average closing stock price of Jack in the Box common stock as of the grant date. Grant awards may be made in the form of any combination of the following 

(a) performance share units (PSUs) with vesting contingent on achievement of performance goals over a 3-fiscal year performance period, (b) restricted stock units (RSUs) that vest ratably at one-third per year over three years, and (c) stock options that vest equally over three years with a seven-year term. It is anticipated that the next annual grant award will be 50 PSUs and 50 RSUs. For subsequent annual grants, the LTI value will be equal to 400,000 at grant. 
 
 Annual long-term incentive stock grants are typically made in November or December each year and are subject to approval by the Company s Board of Directors and or Compensation Committee thereof (the Board and subject to the terms and provisions of the Jack in the Box Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan and award agreements. 
 
 Stock Ownership Guideline You will be subject to a stock ownership requirement equal to 1.5x your annual base salary to be achieved within 5-years from your start date. You will be required to hold fifty-percent of the after-tax net shares resulting from the vesting of PSUs and RSUs until you meet your stock ownership requirement. 
 
 New Hire One-Time Cash Payments 
 You will receive a one-time cash bonus of 200,000, subject to required tax withholding (the Sign-On New Hire Bonus ), with 100,000 payable within two weeks from your start date, and the remaining 100,000 payable six months from your start date. In the event that prior to the one-year anniversary of your start date with the Company either (i) you resign your employment with the Company for any reason or (ii) the Company terminates your employment for Cause (as defined in the Executive Severance Plan referenced below), in either case, you will be required to repay the full amount of the Sign-On New Hire Bonus to the Company within thirty (30) days of your cessation of employment with the Company. 
 
 One-Time New Hire RSU Grant 
 You will receive a one-time new hire grant of restricted stock units (RSUs) equal to an LTI value of 300,000 at grant, with the number of shares determined by reference to the 20-day average closing stock price of Jack in the Box common stock as of the grant date. The RSUs vest ratably at one-third per year over three years, and fifty-percent of the after-tax net shares resulting from the vesting of such RSUs are subject to a holding requirement until you meet your stock ownership requirement. The grant will be made effective on the second Monday following your start date, subject to the terms and provisions of the Jack in the Box Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan and award agreement. 
 
 Executive Employee Severance Program 
 You will be eligible to participate in the Jack in the Box Inc. Severance Plan for Executive Officers, as described in the Company s Form 8-K filed March 4, 2020. 
 
 Change in Control Assurance CIC 
 You will be eligible to enter into the company s Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreement for Executives, which will provide for benefits in the event of a CIC for the Senior Vice President level at 1.5x multiple of salary annual incentive and 18 months COBRA coverage. 

Deferred Compensation Programs 
 401(k) Plan - You will be eligible to participate in the Company s 401(k) plan (the Easy aver Plus Plan ). The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified savings plan in which you can defer a portion of your pay (salary and annual incentive). The Company will match 100 of your deferrals up to 4 of pay. Deferrals in the 401(k) plan are subject to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) annual limits. 
 
 EDCP Plan - You will also be eligible to participate in the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (EDCP) which is a non-qualified, pre-tax deferred compensation plan that allows for deferrals not subject to IRC limits. This plan is subject to 409A and therefore you will be notified when you may elect to enroll in the EDCP. At the end of each calendar year, you may receive an annual restoration matching contribution if your deferrals to the 401(k) (and related Company matching contributions) are limited due to tax code limits applicable to the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 Health & Welfare Benefits 
 You are eligible to participate in the Jack in the Box health plans which include medical, dental, and vision plans. These plans are contributory on a pre-tax basis and provide several choices of coverage for you and your family. You are eligible to enroll in health benefits upon hire and coverage will begin the first of the month following your hire date. 
 
 The Company provides employer-paid term life insurance, and as an officer of the Company, you will receive an enhanced level with a total life insurance value equal to 770,000. You may also elect to participate in other life and disability programs. 
 
 Vacation Sick Program 
 As CSCO, you will not accrue vacation time time off may be taken as needed and with consideration of the needs of the business. You will accrue six days per year of sick time which may be carried over each year to a maximum of 60 days. 
 
 Note All programs described in this offer letter are subject to the terms of provisions of the plans which are subject to change at the absolute discretion of the Company and are not guaranteed in any way. To the extent the terms of any plan or policy differ from what is in this letter, the plan or policy will determine the right and the amount of any benefits. 
 
 Employment Conditions 
 This offer is contingent upon our receipt of various pre-employment screening elements including, but not limited to educational record as you have stated on your application and or resume background check results and references. You will be notified once we have successfully completed all components of the pre-employment process. 
 
 Jack in the Box Inc. requires as a condition of employment that new employees agree to keep certain business information confidential, and also to submit disputes to binding arbitration. As part of your orientation, you will be required to sign our Confidentiality Agreement and Dispute Resolution Agreement. 

You should also know that it is the policy of Jack in the Box Inc. that the employment relationship is one of at will. This simply means that either party you or the Company may terminate the employment at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 Notice of Rights Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA) Notwithstanding any provisions in this agreement or company policy applicable to the unauthorized use or disclosure of trade secrets, you are hereby notified that, pursuant to Section 7 of the DTSA, you cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. You also may not be held so liable for such disclosures made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, individuals who file a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 Reporting to Governmental Agencies Additionally, nothing in this Agreement prevents me from filing a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). I understand this Agreement does not limit my ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 
 
 Your signature below will be your acknowledgement that you have read, understood, and agree to the above information, including that you are an at will employee. Please sign and return this copy as soon as possible to Steve Piano, SVP, Chief People Officer at . 
 
 We look forward to you joining Jack in the Box Inc. as our new CSCO, congratulations! 
 
 Sincerely, 

Steve Piano 
 SVP, Chief People Officer 
 Jack in the Box Inc. 

Acknowledged and Accepted by 
 
 s Carl Mount 7 25 24 Carl Mount Date 

</EX-10.2 22>

<EX-10.2 23>
 3
 ex102232024-gordonconsulti.htm
 EX-10.2 23

Document 

Exhibit 10.2.23 

 CONSULTING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This Consulting Services Agreement Agreement is entered into and made effective as of August 5, 2024 Effective Date ), by and between Jack in the Box Inc. and its affiliates including Del Taco LLC Client and Dean Gordon Consultant ). Client and Consultant may be referred to individually as a Party and together as the Parties . For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Recitals . This Agreement is made with reference to the following 
 
 A. Consultant previously served as Client s Chief Supply Chain Officer CSCO ). Client desires to retain Consultant to provide consulting services (collectively the Services ), including but not limited to (i) consulting relating to Client s supply chain operations and infrastructure including current and future state and planning (ii) relationship calibration between and among Client s suppliers, distributors, and franchisees of the quick service restaurant chains of which Client and its affiliated entities are franchisor (currently Jack in the Box and Del Taco each a Franchisee (iii) assisting in the successful onboarding and integration of Client s new CSCO (including, but not limited to performing the Services identified on the attached Exhibit 1 and (iv) serving as a general resource for Client as necessary and consulting on general matters as requested by Client. 
 
 B. Client desires to engage Consultant as an independent contractor, and Consultant desires to accept such engagement, to perform the Services described herein. 
 
 2. Scope of Services . Consultant shall perform the Services for Client as identified in this Agreement including all attachments and exhibits hereto. 
 
 3. Standard of Performing Services Representations and Warranties . 
 
 A. Consultant represents and warrants that he shall perform the Services diligently, in a professional manner, and using Consultant s best efforts. Consultant shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and industry standards in performing the Services. Consultant shall always maintain the highest ethical standards. All Services shall be performed and provided in a form and format that is acceptable to and approved by Client. 
 
 B. Consultant represents and warrants that (i) he has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the Services and that entering into this Agreement does not violate the terms of any other agreement to which Consultant is a party and (ii) the Services and provided by Consultant are original and do not infringe upon any third party s patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights or other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights. 

4. Compensation Reimbursement of Expenses . 
 
 A. In consideration for the Services to be rendered by Consultant hereunder, and subject to the provisions of subparagraph (B) below, Client shall pay Consultant 50,000 (fifty thousand dollars) per month for August and September, then 25,000 (twenty-five thousand dollars) per month for October, November and December. Payments shall be made by Client to Consultant on a monthly basis on the first of each month. 
 
 B. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, Consultant shall not be entitled to any additional compensation beyond that previously earned and prorated as of the date of expiration or the effective date of any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 C. Client shall reimburse Consultant for reasonable and customary out of pocket expenses directly incurred by Consultant in performing the Services provided that any such fees are approved in writing and in advance by Client. Consultant shall promptly submit any invoices for any approved reimbursable expenses. All invoices submitted by Consultant for reimbursable expenses shall include details and backup material, as required by Client in its reasonable discretion and in accordance with Client s travel and expense reimbursement policies. Any reimbursable expenses shall be paid by Client to Consultant on a monthly basis. 
 
 5. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect until December 31, 2024 (the Term ). At the end of the Term, this Agreement shall terminate unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the Term of the Agreement. Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause in the event that a Party materially breaches its obligations under the Agreement and fails to cure the breach within fifteen (15) days of receiving written notice of the breach. 
 
 6. Independent Contractor Status . In performing Services under this Agreement, Consultant is, and shall at all times be, acting and performing as an independent contractor with respect to Client, performing services in accordance with Consultant s own judgment as to the method of rendering such Services. Client shall neither have nor exercise any control or direction over the methods by which Consultant performs its work and function nor shall Client interfere with such freedom of action or prescribe rules or otherwise control or direct the manner in which such Services are performed. The sole interest of Client in the Services performed by Consultant is that such services by Consultant be performed in a competent, efficient and satisfactory manner. Client and Consultant shall not be in the relationship of employer-employee, partners or joint venturers, and neither Party shall have the authority to obligate or bind the other to any contract, obligation or undertaking whatsoever. 
 
 Consistent with the above described relationship, Client shall not make any deduction for any payroll taxes, unemployment or workers compensation insurance, pensions, annuities or benefits measured by wages, salary or other compensation paid to Consultant, nor shall Consultant be entitled to participate in any benefit plans maintained by Client for the benefit of its employees. 

Consultant acknowledges and agrees that Consultant shall not have any claim under this Agreement or otherwise against Client for vacation pay, sick leave, retirement benefits, social security, worker s compensation, disability, employee insurance benefits or any other employee benefits of any kind or nature. 
 
 7. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Provided that all amounts due and owing to Consultant under this Agreement have been fully paid by Client, then all right, title and interest in any intellectual property created by Consultant for Client as part of the Services under the Agreement shall be owned by Client. To the extent that such intellectual property rights includes copyrightable subject matter, then such material shall be deemed work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the United States Copyright Act of 1976 and for all other purposes. If any intellectual property created by Consultant for Client under this Agreement is deemed not to be work made for hire, such intellectual property is hereby assigned by Consultant to the Client and Consultant shall not have or claim to have, under this Agreement or otherwise, any right, title or interest of any kind or nature whatsoever in such intellectual property rights. 
 
 8. Confidential Information . During the Term of this Agreement, the Parties shall comply with and abide by the terms of the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement previously entered into between the Parties. In addition, this Agreement shall be considered Confidential Information per the terms of the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement. Client may be required to sign additional documents in order to receive access to Client s systems in order to facilitate Consultant s performance of the Services. If so, then Consultant agrees to sign such documents as reasonably requested and required by Client. 
 
 9. Indemnification . Consultant shall defend, indemnify, and hold Client, and its officers, directors, shareholders, franchisees, members, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, and assigns, harmless from any third-party claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and costs (collectively, Claims ), that arise from or relate to (a) a material breach by Consultant of any provision of this Agreement or (b) any negligence or willful misconduct by Consultant in performing the Services under this Agreement. 
 
 10. Exclusivity . During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall perform the Services exclusively for Client and shall not perform any services for or accept any employment from any other business including, but not limited to, any other quick service restaurant chain. 
 
 11. Assignment . Consultant shall not assign any of his rights nor delegate any of his duties under this Agreement without first obtaining the express written consent of Client. Client may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any subsidiary or affiliated entity, or to any person or entity that acquires all or a substantial portion of its assets. 
 
 12. Invalidity Severability . It is the intention of both Parties that the terms of this Agreement be construed so as to comply with the laws, rules and regulations of the State of California and any term or provision of this Agreement that shall be deemed or found to be contrary to such laws, rules or regulations shall be severed from this Agreement and shall be null 

and void, and the balance of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. All ambiguities or inconsistencies shall be interpreted so as to comply with all such laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 13. Notice . Any notice required to be given pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by recognized overnight courier with delivery confirmation or certified mail, return receipt requested, and mailed to the Parties at the following addresses 
 
 Client Jack in the Box Inc. 
 Attention General Counsel 
 9357 Spectrum Center Blvd 
 San Diego, CA 92123 
 
 Consultant Dean Gordon 

14. Binding Effect . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of all heirs, administrators, executors and assigns of the Parties, and their successors in interest. 
 
 15. Dispute Resolution Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . In the event of a dispute between the Parties arising from or relating in any manner to this Agreement, or the relationship between the Parties created by this Agreement, the Parties shall first attempt to resolve the dispute through good faith negotiation. In the event that the dispute cannot be resolved through good faith negotiations, any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement must be instituted exclusively in the state and federal courts located in San Diego, California. Each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION, OR PROCEEDING, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 16. Attorneys Fees . In the event of any litigation between the Parties relating to this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. 
 
 17. Governing Law . This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to its laws regarding conflicts of law that could result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

18. Publicity Use of Marks . During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant shall not use or reference Client s (or any affiliate) name, logo, or any other designation relating to Client without the Client s prior written approval. 
 
 19. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties relating to the subject matter hereof. The provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, modified, waived or changed in any manner other than by the written agreement of the Parties hereto. 
 
 20. Waiver . No covenant, provision, or condition of this Agreement shall be waived except by written waiver of the Party in whose favor it shall run. All waivers must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. The forbearance or indulgence of any Party in any regard whatsoever shall not constitute a waiver of any covenant, provision, or condition or of any subsequent breach thereof. 
 
 21. Counterparts Electronic Signature . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same Agreement. The Parties may execute this Agreement electronically, including via facsimile or an electronic exchange of PDF copies of signature pages, each of which shall be deemed an original signature. 
 
 THE PARTIES, BY THEIR DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES, HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE IDENTIFIED ABOVE. 

Jack in the Box Inc. Dean Gordon s Steve Piano s Dean Gordon Signature Signature Steve Piano Dean C. Gordon Printed Name Printed Name 

EXHIBIT 1 
 SCOPE OF WORK 
 In additional to performing the Services identified in the Agreement, Consultant shall perform the following Services for Client (1) assist in the successful onboarding and integration of the Client s new Chief Supply Chain Officer CSCO (2) provide consulting services regarding Client s Supply chain operations status and plan (3) assist in the calibration of relationships between and among Client s suppliers, distributors, Franchisees and Client s internal teams (4) assist in organizational navigation (5) provide consulting on general matters and serve as a general resource for Client as requested by Client and (6) assist in the implementation and execution of the Onboarding and Transition Plan identified below. 
 
 Onboarding and Transition Plan Consultant shall assist Client in successfully onboarding and integrating the Client s new CSCO by, among other things, providing knowledge transfer and other assistance required to successfully transition to Client s new CSCO. The subject areas to be included as part of this effort include, but are not limited to the following areas within Client s supply chain organization 
 
 SCMC & Franchise 
 Charter 
 Budget 
 Organizational Dynamics 
 Communication 
 
 Supply Chain Operations 
 Roles & Responsibilities 
 Cross-Functional Teams, Communications, Forums 
 Processes 
 
 Commodity Management 
 Resources 
 Risk Management Strategy 
 Current Risk Profile 
 
 Contract Review 
 Beverage 
 Distribution 
 Signage 
 Roadmap 
 Overall Status 
 
 Growth Initiatives 
 Distribution Strategy 
 FF Signage 

</EX-10.2 23>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 ex1912024-insidertradingpo.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

JACK Company Document 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 POLICY 
 It is our policy that covered persons may not trade in Jack in the Box Inc. stock (directly or through others) when in possession of material non-public information relating to the Company. Covered 
 persons may not communicate or tip material non-public information to others or recommend the purchase or sale of securities when aware of such information. 
 It is also our policy that members of the Board of Directors and certain employees may trade in 
 Company securities only during certain times throughout the year called Windows . 
 Those designated as Insiders are subject to additional restrictions described in the Appendix of Employee Insider Trading Help Doc . 
 Violation of this policy or federal or state securities laws may subject you to disciplinary action, including termination of employment. 
 Who Is Covered By This Policy 
 Employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Members of the Board of Directors and Officers of the Company. 
 Former Employees Board Members who are aware of material non-public information relating to the Company. 
 Trusts, partnerships and any other entities in which Employees Board Members have share voting or investment control. 
 Family members and others who reside with Employees Board Members. 
 Family members who do not reside with Employees Board Members, but whose securities transactions are directed or influenced by the Employees Board Members. 
 Consultants and suppliers who have access to material non-public information relating to the Company. 
 Window Periods (Applicable to Corporate and Support Employees) 
 Members of the Board of Directors and all Corporate and Restaurant Support employees may trade in Company securities only during open Windows . District Managers, Restaurant Managers, Assistant Managers and all other restaurant employees are not subject to the windows. 
 Windows begin and end as specified by the Company, but will generally begin on the first business day after the quarterly earnings release and conference call, and end at the close of trading on the business day approximately three weeks later. 
 Note Refer to the Employee Insider Trading Help Doc for definitions, guidance and the Section 16 Appendix 
 RESOURCES 
 For more information on this policy, contact your manager or the Legal Department. Employee Insider Trading Help Doc 
 Form A-1 Insider Request for Pre-Clearance 
 Page 1 of 1 
 Document 5010a Effective 11 30 2016 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex2112024-subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Jurisdiction Jack in the Box Franchisee Finance, LLC Delaware, United States JIB Stored Value Cards, LLC Virginia, United States Jack in the Box Franchisee Relief Financing, LLC Delaware, United States Jack in the Box SPV Guarantor, LLC Delaware, United States Jack in the Box Funding, LLC Delaware, United States Different Rules, LLC Delaware, United States Jack in the Box Properties, LLC Delaware, United States Del Taco Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States F&C Restaurant Holding Co. Delaware, United States Sagittarius Restaurants LLC Delaware, United States Kerry Foods International LLC California, United States Del Taco LLC California, United States DT COSTA MESA RESTAURANT CO. California, United States 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex2312024-consent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-127765, 333-115619, 333-143032, 333-150913, 333-168554, 333-181506, 333-263363 and 333-270374) on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 20, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Jack in the Box, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 November 20, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex3112024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Darin Harris, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jack in the Box Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 20, 2024 S DARIN HARRIS Darin Harris Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex3122024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Dawn Hooper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jack in the Box Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 20, 2024 S DAWN HOOPER Dawn Hooper Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex3212024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Darin Harris, Chief Executive Officer of Jack in the Box Inc. (the Registrant ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of the Registrant, to which this certification is attached as an exhibit (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Dated November 20, 2024 S DARIN HARRIS Darin Harris Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex3222024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Dawn Hooper, Interim Chief Financial Officer of Jack in the Box Inc. (the Registrant ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of the Registrant, to which this certification is attached as an exhibit (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Dated November 20, 2024 S DAWN HOOPER Dawn Hooper Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 jack-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 jack-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 jack-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 jack-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 jack-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

